My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*019*2023-03-15 19:32

(This one is part of my series, Limited Edition.)

***

The teacher leading this overnight field trip had claimed that he selected the groups based on how well he’d noticed students getting along during school hours. But, Shelby wasn’t that sure she believed him. Because, while Nova WAS her best friend and she DID love her brother, the other two members of her group were the last people she’d EVER want to spend time with.

The feeling was more than mutual, of course. Samantha and Jessica didn’t like being around Shelby any more than Shelby liked being around them. Unfortunately, they were now about to spend several hours trapped in a car together. Jessica’s mom was one of the chaperones for this trip, and had agreed to drive the students whom were part of Jessica’s group in order to free up space on the bus.

Shelby thought she’d prefer the noisy bus to being stuck in a confined space with Samantha and Jessica. Not that she could actually SAY that in front of one of their mothers. At least Nova and Emmett were going to be with her as well.

That DID mean the car was sort of crowded, though. Shelby was wedged between Emmett and Nova in the very back seat, while Samantha and Jessica had plenty of room to themselves in the middle. It wouldn’t have been that terrible, but any time Shelby tried to speak to HER friends, Samantha would turn around to glare at her. “Jessica and I are having a conversation, could you please stop talking with your annoying voice?”

That was one of Samantha’s favorite things to say, she HATED Shelby’s voice for whatever reason. Shelby didn’t really understand why. In fact, she USED to think her voice was nice since she’d always gotten picked to sing in school plays back during elementary school. To her, it didn’t sound like her voice had changed THAT significantly as she’d gotten older, but maybe it had.

She was sort of irritated with herself for even THINKING about that so much to begin with. She had no idea why, but Samantha had a way of SERIOUSLY getting into her head. Not many people could do that. She’d been insulted and called mean things by bullies in the past, and Samantha was the only one who’d ever been able to cut her deeply and make her feel like shit.

Maybe that was because Samantha was a girl? Everyone else who’d ever picked on her had been a guy. Shelby knew how to handle guys. She knew what retorts to use against them to make them knock it off. Shelby had a suspicion that tiny dick jokes weren’t going to faze Samantha very much.

The WAY Samantha picked on her differed from what guys tended to do as well. Samantha was more… meticulous. She zeroed in on anything she noticed that could be hurtful to Shelby and then refuse to let up about it for weeks at a time. And, sometimes what she said wouldn’t even be a blunt insult, but something more coded. She’d often make a comment that sounded almost NICE, the real intent only noticeable by Shelby herself and not by anyone else who’d overheard. Things like “Hey, your hair actually looks good today for once!”

Whatever the reason, Samantha’s taunts tended to stick with Shelby even when she knew that they shouldn’t. They made her second-guess herself, and sometimes even feel ashamed of things that had once been a source of pride for her.

Like that day in the restroom… Shelby had never wanted any of her classmates to find out that she peed standing up, she knew a lot of them would think it was weird. But, the things Samantha had said about it, and then bringing her mother into it to explain that she just didn’t know ‘how’ to be a girl… To her complete dismay, Shelby had been having trouble standing to pee lately.

She hadn’t forgotten HOW or anything, when she did it, it worked as well as it ever had. But, she felt… Off about it, like this act of ‘rebellion’ was supposed to be off limits to her for a REASON. Like she wasn’t just going against the grain and doing her own thing, but instead doing something really wrong.

She was aware that was idiotic, particularly since she couldn’t put into words WHY it would be ‘wrong’, and was merely repeating Samantha’s statements to herself— Statements that she knew she shouldn’t even give a second’s thought to. If Samantha hadn’t brought up Mom, Shelby was sure she wouldn’t have dwelled on it so much. But, since Samantha HAD done that, Shelby couldn’t stop thinking about it, and if Mom would be disturbed by Shelby’s ‘talent’ if she’d been around to find out about it.

It was that asinine worry which had been causing Shelby to struggle. She’d head to the toilet and get ready to pee standing up, and have a very difficult time relaxing her body enough to actually GO. She still managed to get the flow started sometimes, but far more often she’d be forced to give up and just sit down instead.

The most annoying bathroom trips were the ones in which she was able to START peeing standing up, only for the stream to randomly cut off before she was done when she began to stress out again. That always really hurt! Her bladder would roll over inside her, and her holding muscles would basically catch fire. Even if she hadn’t been desperate before, if her relief was interrupted, she’d suddenly feel as though she was about to pop, scrambling to sit down so that she could hopefully finish up.

Shelby wished she could just FORGET about Samantha’s stupid comments. Samantha’s only goal in life was, as far as Shelby could tell, just to make other people feel bad. As many as she possibly could. She was just mean for the sake of being mean, and Shelby shouldn’t let that get to her! She certainly shouldn’t let it make it hard to pee!

She also shouldn’t just follow Samantha’s order to stay quiet through the entirety of this car ride. In fact, she should talk LOUDER just to spite her!

Shelby tried to think of something to talk about and, unfortunately, only one topic came to mind right away.

Perhaps she shouldn’t have spent the last few minutes thinking about her newfound urinary difficulty. Focusing on the subject of pee had been rather suggestive to her bladder, and the pee she’d had at home that morning now felt like it had been a little too long ago. Her bladder was tingling in a way that was both utterly annoying and completely impossible to ignore. This was not an emergency, she could definitely hold it in for a bit longer, but now that she’d NOTICED the growing pressure it became the only thing she could feel.

She shifted slightly, adjusting her position in an attempt to shift the weight within her bladder. The tingling faded away for a second, but then came back just as strong as before. “How long have we been driving?” She asked. The drive was supposed to be around four hours.

Nova looked at her watch. “About thirty minutes.”

Shelby frowned, unsure if her bladder would be willing to tolerate it for that long. Her need to empty it was only going to increase with time. It WAS only increasing now. She swore the severity felt worse than it had a couple minutes ago. “O—Okay,” she said. It was a long drive and, she knew that by the end of it she wouldn’t be the ONLY one in need of a toilet break. Maybe they’d even stop somewhere once they got to the half-way point. Once EVERYONE needed to go, it would only make sense.

Beside her, Nova was looking at her watch in dismay. To her, it had felt like they’d been in this car WAY longer than just thirty minutes. But, that was probably just because time was moving at a snail’s pace for her, each minute stretching itself out to an absurd degree. All thanks to a very stupid mistake Nova had made earlier that morning.

Namely, she’d forgotten to pee before leaving her house, and then she hadn’t had time to use the bathroom at school before she had to get into this car. Which meant she was now holding in everything that had accumulated in her bladder during the night, which she was beginning to realize was an awful lot. It was so much that she didn’t understand how she could have neglected the toilet while she’d been getting ready for school.

She’d been sitting with her legs crossed ever since the drive had begun, doing her best to simply squeeze them together rather than bounce them around and make her problem obvious. It was sort of working, but now one of her feet was beginning to go numb from the lack of circulation. What Nova really wanted was to ask for a stop, but she knew it hadn’t been long enough yet. Doubtless, she was the only one that needed to pee yet, and she didn’t think many of the others would be willing to pull over just for her.

She just had to hold off until more people needed to go. Which, she hoped, would be soon.

As more time passed, and every bump in the road made Nova feel like her bladder was being impaled, she started to glance around the car for signs that someone else was starting to get desperate. She was pretty good at noticing Emmett’s ‘tells’, so she mostly focused on him. She waited for him to tug at his bangs, or tap his fingers against the tops of his knees. He ALWAYS did that when his bladder was getting full.

He wasn’t now.

Nova glanced at Shelby, but she wasn’t squirming, just staring ahead and occasionally sighing, most likely growing bored listening to Samantha and Jessica’s conversation. She didn’t appear to need the toilet either.

Nova couldn’t get a very good view of Samantha and Jessica up ahead of her, but they didn’t seem to be fidgeting around, so Nova accepted that she was going to have to keep waiting. She seriously didn’t want to, however. Her lower stomach felt heavy and actually a little bit bloated. She thought that, if she were at home and experiencing this degree of need, it might be sort of fun in a way. She’d know that she could put a stop to her discomfort any time she wanted to, and that there was no real danger of having an accident.

But, since she was actually just trapped somewhere without a toilet, this was all far more stressful. She didn’t KNOW how long she was going to have to wait, and if it turned out to be TOO long… She’d go right where she was sitting, pee soaking the back of her skirt and puddling in her seat. Shelby and Emmett would be nice about it, but the others wouldn’t. Samantha would mock her ruthlessly, and Jessica and her mom would likely BOTH freak out over the soiled seat.

Nova couldn’t let that happen. She HAD to keep it in. The constant, tense squeezing of her legs seemed to be working to plug her closed so far, but with more liquid being pumped into her bladder every few minutes and every speed-bump causing her abdomen to cramp…

She hoped the stop came soon…

Shelby was struggling not to ask Nova for the time again. She doubted they were much closer yet, anyway. She was frustrated with how rapidly her bladder was filling up. Just, being stuck in a car with nowhere to go was making the need to go worse. The vehicle felt really constraining, like a prison. Being wedged in between two people didn’t help with that. Add onto that how taut her seatbelt was over her sore lower stomach and it was getting really hard not to squirm.

She was so focused on the effort it took not to wriggle around that she failed to notice when the light they were approaching turned red. Jessica’s mom hit the brakes and Shelby’s seat-belt tightened up over her bladder, causing an uncomfortable jolt to shoot straight through it. Instinctively, she lifted one of her feet up into the seat with her, trying to calm her urgency down by pushing her knee to her chest and rocking against her heel.

Ah, she was starting to get kinda desperate… She needed that stop to come really soon! Didn’t anyone else need to go yet? Shelby could barely find a comfortable position anymore, she kept yanking at her seat-belt and shifting, but none of it made her bladder feel any better. She glanced around, and was easily able to deduce that Emmett did NOT need to pee yet. She’d seen her brother desperate so many times that she knew exactly what to look for, so she was certain he was fine now.

Nova looked a little tense. So, it was possible that SHE needed to go, but since she wasn’t moving around Shelby wasn’t sure.

Samantha and Jessica were still chattering, nothing their voices denoted any discomfort.

Shelby was on her own. She was going to need to wait this out a little longer.

About an hour later, Nova was getting generally scared. The last speed-bump they’d hit had been absolute HELL on her. Her bladder had gotten bounced so violently that she swore the pee splashed up to her throat. She was squirming more obviously by then, she just couldn’t HELP it. Her options were to either wriggle around or have an accident and she KNEW which one she preferred.

She’d even started to cup herself, hands pushed against her crotch, pressing into her skirt. Her urethra was aching with the need to just RELAX for a second. Just one second would be Heavenly. A few droplets of her burden being set free to make the rest of it a little easier to hang onto.

But, she knew what would happen if she allowed ANY of it to come out. It would feel just TOO good, and she wouldn’t be able to resist letting the rest go. One drop, and her dam would collapse, drenching her panties, skirt and the leather seat underneath her.

So, she just kept squirming and clutching, begging herself to please, please hang on. She accidentally kicked Shelby a couple times since they were so close together, and she hadn’t been able to help THAT either. She’d just apologized and tried to scoot further away.

But, Shelby had kicked HER once as well, so they were even. After that, Shelby had just opted to pull both her feet up and squeeze them against her crotch. She was getting worried as well. Their destination was still so far away, and the road stretching out ahead of them seemed endless. She doubted she could make it to the end.

Emmett was having trouble as well, his own bladder acting up and forcing him to move. His seat-belt was not helping at all. It wrapped around his bladder no matter which direction he squirmed in or how hard he tried to pull away from it.

Ahead of them, Samantha and Jessica were both jiggling in place. Their conversation had dried up, which was the exact opposite of what had happened to their bladders. Jessica was being perhaps the most dramatic about it out of all of them— Even compared to Nova whom hadn’t peed a drop all day.

Jessica was whimpering and moaning, hands digging between her quivering thighs as she writhed against them. According to her, she was going to pee her pants in about thirty seconds. But, she’d been saying that for about ten minutes now so it was difficult to believe her.

“Calm down,” Samantha admonished her. She was gripping the edge of her seat, her feet tapping frantically and her teeth grinding. “I need to use the bathroom too, but I’m not flipping out over it.”

“B—But, I need to go so bad…” Jessica said. She sort of sounded like she was about to cry. She sort of FELT like she was about to cry. She didn’t think she’d ever fantasized so much about simply being allowed to sit down on a toilet before. This was the emergency to end all emergencies. “I’ve never had to pee this bad!”

“You say that every time you have to go,” Samantha rolled her eyes. She tugged at her seat-belt, trying to pry it away from her bladder to no avail. “Just be patient. I can wait just fine, so you can too.” She turned slightly to the three in the back. “ALL of you can.”

Nova didn’t think she COULD. It had been WELL over half a day since she’d last relieved her bladder and it NEEDED to come out NOW. She’d been the first one to speak up about her need. She’d tried so hard NOT to be, but the pressure she was under was excruciatingly severe and she couldn’t stop herself. Even if she was the only one that needed to go, she needed to go SO bad that they just HAD to pull over for her!

She’d felt like a fool when, immediately after she’d confessed her own need, Shelby did the same thing. “Yeah, I’m bursting too.”

Followed by Jessica, crying out “Ah, finally! I didn’t wanna be the only one to ask!”

Then Samantha, “I could use a stop…”

Emmett HADN’T said anything, but his urgency had become clear enough when he’d started to mess with his hair and fight with his seat-belt. Nova wasn’t sure if his silence on the matter was due to his shyness, or because he just had no intention of using the bathroom at whatever grody gas station they happened to find.

That was actually the crux of their current predicament; They couldn’t actually FIND anywhere to stop. Nova had picked the worst possible moment to finally voice her need, only doing so minutes before they suddenly found themselves caught in a traffic jam.

Apparently, there had been a wreck— Nova tried to avoid thinking of it as an ‘accident’ lest she tempt fate too harshly— and they were going to be stuck for a while. Nova bounced her knees as they crawled forwards, straining to see any signs indicating an exit, indicating relief… She didn’t see anything, and she strained harder against her clenching hands, shifting her hips around before settling into a position where one of her knees was crossed over the other.

Shelby was sure she had it the worst of all of them, if only because she had so little room to wriggle around in. Coiling up in her seat and rocking against her ankles was really ALL she could do. She couldn’t put her feet back down on the floor without them immediately flailing around and kicking both of the people beside her, and… From the looks of Nova, being kicked TOO hard would probably cause an accident— Possibly multiple if the sound of Nova’s spray proved to be too much for the rest of them to handle.

Jessica’s mom was sympathetic, at least. Or, at any rate, she definitely didn’t want to deal with five wet car seats, anyway. She kept apologizing and encouraging them all to hang on, insisting that traffic would HAVE to clear up soon. But then, it seemed she was a bit TOO desperate to ensure at least ONE seat stayed dry, because she said “Emmett… It looks like you’re having an emergency too. If you want, you can just get out and go on the side of the road…”

Jessica moaned that that was ‘sooooo unfair!’ And Samantha stated that it was both ‘unfair’ and ‘disgusting’.

Shelby and Nova both stayed quiet.

Shelby could do that too! She could do it almost as easily as Emmett could! If Samantha weren’t there, Shelby just knew she’d blurt out “M—Me too!” And then go to JOIN him! She doubted the strange nervousness could lock her bladder up NOW, not when she was THIS desperate to let it out!

But Samantha WAS there, and if Shelby gave her irrefutable confirmation that she did, in fact, pee like a guy sometimes… Samantha would say something so cruel that it would stick in Shelby’s head forever.

Nova also knew that SHE could join Emmett. At that point, she didn’t even think she CARED about exposing her ‘talent’ to a few new people. Even if they got weird about it, it was better than soaking herself.

But, Emmett was shaking his head, biting his lip. “I— I don’t want to be mean to them…” he said. “I’ll just—“

“It’s okay!” Nova interrupted frantically. She… She was going to do this, but she wouldn’t do it alone. Going on the side of the road with no one there beside her would be frightening. If Emmett was there, she’d feel safe. She’d feel safe and, more importantly, she’d feel so fucking relieved… “It’s okay!”

Emmett’s hands ceased tugging at his seat-belt and went instead to the latch. There was an uncharacteristic amount of eagerness in his expression, considering he was about to pee outdoors— Something he’d always considered unsanitary. He really DID need to—

“No, it’s not!” Jessica exclaimed. “If I can’t pee, he shouldn’t get to go, either!”

Emmett stopped what he was doing. “I— I’ll hold it…” He bounced his knees for a moment before rubbing his legs together. “I’ll—“ He shut his eyes, drumming his fingers against his thighs. “I— Ah! I can’t—“ He went back to the seat-belt latch and clicked it, one hand moving to his crotch immediately after as he grabbed the door with the other. “I’m sorry— I just—“ He scrambled out of the car.

Nova pulled her OWN door open to follow him, ignoring Jessica’s shouts about ‘fairness’ and Samantha demanding “Where are you going, Nova?!”

Ouch… Ouch… Ouuuuuch!! Nova had had her legs knotted together for SO long that her feet had gone totally numb. They were now stinging as though they were being swarmed by fire-ants, and standing up so suddenly had completely infuriated her bladder. It was throbbing and pulsing and just SEARING, her sphincter erupting with intense pain. She put her hands against herself a second too late, and a spurt of warmth soaked into her underwear against her will.

She hobbled around the car beside Emmett, whom was just pacing back and forth with his hands against his zip. “Ahhh— Gotta— Need some kinda…”

Nova realized what the problem was, the side of the road was nothing but bare grass, no bushes or trees for him to use for privacy. Nova hadn’t really been THINKING too much about what— if anything— she’d use for cover. She’d only been thinking about peeing!

“It’s alright,” Nova told him. “Just try to pretend all the other cars aren’t there…” That was the only thing she could come up with. It was what SHE was planning to do anyway. She doubted her bladder cared too much about the audience at this point anyway.

“Wha—What if there’s a cop car?” Emmett asked.

Of course he’d jump straight to predicting the worst possible outcome…

Nova scanned the road as best she could, bouncing on her heels, just wishing she could tug her panties and GO already… “There aren’t any.”

“… What about UNDERCOVER cop cars?”

“I— I think there might be some lenience if it was an emergency?” Nova suggested. “It’s fine.”

“I don’t kn—“ Emmett’s eyes widened and he immediately turned to face the grass, yanking his zip down loudly.

Nova could only assume he’d just sprung a leak, and she felt dangerously close to having another one of those herself, so she pushed down her underwear and lifted the front of her skirt, positioning her hands. It happened IMMEDIATELY, a strong blast of pee started to douse the grass and a hazy feeling overtook her as she finally relaxed her bladder for the first time all day. “Ahhh…”

She enjoyed the bliss of relief for several seconds before realizing that hers was the only stream erupting. Beside her, Emmett was fidgeting between his feet and whining in the back of his throat, clearly suffering an awful case of ‘stage-fright’. “Come on… Come on… Come on…”

“It’s okay, Emmett…” Nova breathed out, trying to reassure him.

But, it didn’t work. Emmett was utterly unable to pee, just kept checking behind himself and squirming. Nova was sure the hiss of her own stream was only making him more desperate…

Talk about unfair…

Maybe if this was anyone else, Nova wouldn’t care that much. She’d perhaps NOTICE that the other person was getting pee-shy, but since that had no affect on her OWN ability to empty her bladder, it wouldn’t matter.

Unfortunately, the person struggling just HAD to be the one she was in love with, and she felt like she was torturing him by doing the thing HE needed to do so badly right beside him, while he was incapable of resolving his own problem.

She’d gotten SOME out…

She clenched up, her hands moving away from the ‘aiming’ position to press against her opening instead, trying to weld it closed again. She felt her fingers getting slightly damp, both from the residual liquid and from a final, protesting spurt as her bladder spasmed violently, raging against having its relief cut short.

She squeezed and squeezed and squeezed until she was certain she’d repaired her floodgate enough to release her hands and tug her panties back up.

“N—Nova?” Emmett asked. “Uh, did you—“

“You okay?” Nova interrupted.

“N—No, I can’t pee,” Emmett said. “And I really have to go… But, did you not fi—“

Nova shook her head. “I got a bit of stage-fright too once I realized what I was doing,” she lied. “I can probably make it to a gas station now, though.”

Emmett cringed as he reluctantly zipped back up after not letting out even a drop. “H—Hope I can wait a bit longer…”

They got back into the car and Nova noticed Emmett did NOT put his seat-belt back on. Hopefully he would when they started moving again, but she understood why he wasn’t in a hurry to put a strap around his bladder again.

“Nova, what the Hell?!” Samantha blurted out in a pained grunt. “Did you just pee like a guy?!”

Now that she was a little LESS out of her mind with desperation, Nova was better able to process what she’d just done, and it embarrassed her a lot more than she’d predicted it would. “No, of course not.”

“Sure looked like it!”

“N—No… I just… Since I’m wearing a skirt, I just… Moved my underwear outta the way and spread my legs apart so I could go without showing anything.” That was mostly true, hopefully Samantha hadn’t been able to see how her stream hard arced OUT and away from her instead of just gushing straight down.

“Ughhh,” Jessica moaned. “I shoulda worn a skirt today, too!”

Shelby was actually as surprised as Samantha. She’d… Honestly always thought that SHE was the braver one in their friendship. But, Shelby would NEVER be able to work up the nerve to do that in front of Samantha, much less brush aside all her questioning so easily!

“Alright,” Samantha said. “I was just wondering, ‘cause I’ve heard your friend likes to pee like a boy. Guess you aren’t AS disgusting as her.”

Shelby tried to ignore her. It was just a word, and not even a TRUE word. It wasn’t disgusting to pee standing up. Emmett was basically her metric for determining what activities counted as ‘hygienic’ and he NEVER sat down to pee since toilet seats were covered in germs. Therefor, standing to pee did not mean she was gross.

Samantha adjusted her position again, and Shelby could tell she’d started to tug at her seatbelt. Her feet were tapping loudly against the floor. “I mean, I get she doesn’t have a mom, so she’s got no idea how being a girl is supposed to work… But, like, I’d hope she’d figure it out eventually!”

“Samantha!” Jessica’s mom snapped. “That’s way too far.”

“She knows I’m joking,” Samantha said. “And I’m just trying to keep everyone distracted until we get to a bathroom.”

Shelby WAS certainly distracted now. Anger displaced desperation as her dominant emotion. Yes, she didn’t have a mother. Her mother was killed by a drunk driver when she was just trying to go to the store! What kind of person made fun of someone for THAT?! Samantha was… Shelby didn’t think she was just a ‘bully’, THAT was why her taunting hurt so much worse than anyone else’s. What she did went beyond bullying and crossed over into the realm of abuse.

Abusers didn’t listen to reason. It took a lot more than just words to get one to understand that their victim was done putting up with their crap. It was time for Shelby to fight dirty, that was the only language Samantha would understand. She just wasn’t sure what to do yet…

Trying to think of a way to get back at Samantha occupied Shelby’s mind for a little while, but when the traffic finally started to clear up and they were at last able to move again, the resulting jolt to her bladder drew all of her energy back towards IT instead. She really should have joined Nova and Emmett when they’d gotten out of the car, to Hell with what Samantha would say. It wouldn’t matter if she made fun of her. Samantha would have even MORE reason to tease Shelby if she wet her pants.

And Shelby was starting to worry that that was a distinct possibility. There were constant pangs, and her bladder felt like it was cramping up every few seconds. Like, its walls were squeezing in on their own accord, body trying to push all of the liquid out regardless of if she wanted it to or not. The dam constructed by her quivering holding muscles felt unstable and likely to crumble. Jessica’s constant whining about how close she was to peeing in her seat didn’t help at all.

Nor did Emmett’s fidgeting, which occasionally caused him to jostle Shelby a little. What was he flailing around for? He’d gotten to pee already! And why was Nova still sitting so stiffly? Yeah, she wasn’t trying to squirm out of her own skin anymore, but she still looked horridly uncomfortable. Had Samantha gotten to her after a—

“D—Do you see any signs for gas stations yet?” Nova asked suddenly.

“I’m looking,” Jessica’s mom promised. “But, there’s nothing yet.”

Shelby cupped her hands against herself, squeezing her thighs together. “You just went,” she said.

“I couldn’t finish,” Nova whispered. “And Emmett wasn’t able to pee at all.”

Shelby tightened her hold on her crotch, crossing her legs back and forth as best she could in her cramped position. Well, at least now she knew why her brother was still jiggling around so much… If she hadn’t been so overwhelmed by her own desperation, she may have considered teasing him a little. Nothing mean… Just, some light jabs about how HE’D locked up trying to pee on the side of a road while a GIRL had at least managed to do it for a few seconds.

Not that she’d have that much room to talk, anyway. She’d been too intimidated to even TRY. And it hadn’t even had anything to do with being seen by the occupants of other vehicles, only by one particular occupant of the one she’d just left. If she just hadn’t allowed Samantha to intimidate her, then she wouldn’t be in so much discomfort now. She was angry with Samantha, but also angry with herself.

At long last, they finally pulled into a gas station. Everyone was in a major hurry to get out. Emmett threw open the door on his side and struggled to his feet, hands clenched between his thighs. Shelby strained to crawl out after him, which forced her to actually MOVE for the first time in over two hours.

She was not prepared for what that would do to her. Her bladder seemed to spring awake, immediately becoming even more agitated than it had been just a second before. The cramping and squeezing intensified to such a severe degree that she didn’t even have a chance to react to it, to clench her thighs tighter, to dig her hands in more firmly. As she stood up beside the car, a warm trail was wetly gliding down her legs, and more felt like it was right there at the edge of bursting forth.

Shelby did not wait for the others before hurrying to the restrooms. She yanked open the door to the women’s and hurried inside to be met with… An absolutely revolting scene. It was bad even by gas station bathroom standards. The stall doors were all rusted, one of the sink faucets had been broken, and the whole room was coated with a visible layer of grime.

Her first thought was that, if the men’s room wasn’t any better off, her brother was probably going to just wet his pants instead of using it.

Her next was that SHE would rather wet her pants than sit down on one of the toilets here. She hadn’t even yet entered a stall and seen what she was up against, but KNEW it was bound to be just as awful— if not even worse— than the rest of this disgusting room.

She went to a stall and cautiously pulled its door open, hoping for some kind of a miracle. But, it was even worse than she’d been expecting. Shelby wasn’t squeamish normally— Emmett flipped out about uncleanliness enough for the both of them, after all. But, this? This was too much even for her. She didn’t want ANY part of her skin to come into contact with that seat.

And she didn’t HAVE to. She COULD stand and pee, and not have to touch a THING in here.

But… Samantha…

Samantha WAS really desperate to pee, so maybe she’d be too focused on her OWN bladder to care how Shelby was emptying HERS.

In the time it took her to work up the nerve to unzip, she heard the door being opened again, followed by Jessica groaning. “Ugh, it’s DISGUSTING in here!”

“You’re right,” Samantha said. “Let’s just pee and get out of here…”

She heard two stalls being opened, followed by Jessica shrieking and Samantha groaning. “Ew, ew, ewwww!” Jessica exclaimed.

Shelby tried to ignore them as she positioned her hands. Nerves tingled in her chest, but the desperation flaring up inside her bladder was even more pressing. She felt the heavy weight of urine shifting almost immediately, and then a strong stream was gushing out into the bowl of the nauseatingly grimy toilet.

Wow, much better! The drop in pressure was intense and immediate, her bladder no longer cramping and straining, but slowly shrinking instead. It felt so good that she sighed out a throaty moan, continuing to push in her eagerness to be rid of the watery torment. She was occasionally splashing the toilet seat, since she hadn’t wanted to grab hold of it to lift it up. She didn’t care very much though, the seat was already a horror-show, a few MORE droplets wouldn’t even make a difference.

Jessica had never seen anything so gross before! It turned her stomach just looking at it! She was certain she’d catch some form of the bubonic plague if she sat on that toilet, but she was ALSO certain that she was going to soak her pants if she didn’t! She turned about, hoping that this place had a seat-cover dispenser somewhere, but she didn’t see one. And when she heard Shelby’s release starting to hiss into the bowl, her bladder spasmed so hard that what felt like an ENORMOUS spurt of liquid warmed the space between her trembling thighs.

How could Shelby make herself use the bathroom here?! Wasn’t she disgusted by it? Was she THAT desperate that it didn’t matter— That couldn’t have been it. Jessica was exploding and it still mattered a LOT to h—

She glanced down and could see which direction Shelby’s feet were pointing in.

Wait… So, Samantha was right? Shelby COULD pee like a guy? How did she do that? Maybe some kind of a funnel thingy? Jessica wished SHE had a funnel thingy! As it was, her hands just kept alternating between hesitantly palming her zipper and cramming back between her legs. Drips were continually seeping out of her, but she did not have it in her to actually GO here, not if she had to sit!

Maybe Shelby would let her borrow the funnel… That would be gross too, since she’d just USED it, but the residue of one girl’s pee wasn’t AS bad as everything that lurked on that seat.

She’d… She’d wait for Shelby to finish, and then she’d ask.

Shelby might say no… Jessica hadn’t ever been all that NICE to her, so why would she share something with her? Jessica hoped Shelby wouldn’t use this as an opportunity to get back at her.

Samantha was in another stall, just as repulsed as Jessica. She needed to go so badly that the button on her shorts felt like having a push-pin jammed into her bladder. She unfastened it, savoring the small amount of relief that brought her, but that was as far as she could make herself go. Her hands refused to grip her zipper, refused to move her one step closer to the moment where her skin would have to come into contact with that seat.

She could just hover, but that had never ended well for her in the past. A lot of it always ended up going down one of her legs no matter how hard she tried to prevent it.

In spite of how unusable the toilet was to her, Samantha’s bladder still recognized it as a place for relief. It was doing flips inside her, taut holding muscles flaring and trying their hardest to go loose. Her body was CONVINCED release was on the horizon, yet she had NO intention of peeing here. She just… She COULDN’T.

She opened the stall and hobbled out, bladder even more bloated than it had been when she’d gone in. As she prepared to leave altogether, hoping to God she could withstand her urge until they reached their destination, she noticed Shelby, her shoes pointing TOWARDS the toilet rather than away from it.

She really DID pee like a boy…

Samantha wished she could do that…

Well. Her BLADDER did, anyway. The rest of her still thought it was the weirdest thing she’d ever seen and wondered why Shelby always had to be strange.

***

When Nova had seen the state of the women’s room, she’d just immediately turned around and headed out. The disgusting scene wasn’t devastating to her, since she’d been planning to stand while she peed anyway, but she doubted the men’s room would be much better, and didn’t need to be psychic to predict what that meant for Emmett.

No way was he going to stay in a room like that for longer than five seconds, and judging by all the squirming he’d been doing, he’d need WAY longer than that to empty his bladder.

Sure enough, he was just waiting outside, bouncing on his feet and crossing his legs back and forth. It would have been utterly adorable had Nova not been trying so hard not to copy him. The small bits of her burden that she was able to expel earlier didn’t feel like much anymore. Mere drops of the roaring ocean she’d been holding onto all day. “I take it the men’s room is disgusting too?”

Emmett nodded, running one hand against his upper thigh as the other squeezed away between his legs. “I— This is— I know it’s stupid. I mean, I’m about to… Have an accident, but I—“

“I—It’s okay,” Nova said. “You said your therapist wants you to make small steps, right? This ISN’T a ‘small step’, so it’s fine if you can’t do i—“

“I’m bursting,” Emmett interrupted.

That much was obvious… Nova certainly didn’t mind hearing him say it out loud though. She appreciated that he was being more open about needing to pee with her, if only because he knew she liked it. He was so cute when his voice cracked with panic, it always made her want to take care of him. “I know. And if it makes you feel better, the women’s is too gross for ME to use. Let’s go over to the bushes instead.”

Emmett nodded, shaking. “I hope it lets me pee this time…”

Nova hoped so too. If he didn’t go, she was likely going to force herself to stop midstream again. She wasn’t sure if her bladder could handle that a second time. Her urethra still stung a little from the first.

The bushes were located directly behind the gas station building— Way more secluded and private than the barren road they’d tried to use earlier. Emmett unzipped himself and Nova tugged down her panties and moved her hands into position.

Emmett actually started to pee first, bringing both of them immense relief. Nova unclenched and at last allowed her interrupted stream to resume. It was as though she’d hit the pause button on it earlier, because there was no slow build-up, she was immediately spraying at full force, ensuring that NONE of the first dribbles went down her legs, every drop gushed out and away from her like she wanted.

Her shoulders drooped slightly as a shudder of pleasure tore through her. Ever since she’d realized that peeing was interesting to her, THIS became one of her favorite feelings. Letting it go after hours of forced restraint was amazing, and having her hands where they were sometimes meant she could do things that made it feel even better. Once, she’d managed to orgasm WHILE peeing, and before then she hadn’t even known it was POSSIBLE to feel that good.

She was… Excited by all of this. She hadn’t been PLANNING on getting extremely turned on during a school field trip, but so many buttons were being pressed for her that she couldn’t help it. Emmett was making all those adorable sighing sounds, and when she surreptitiously glanced at his face, his expression was seriously cute, eyes shut, mouth hanging open, so relaxed…

And she was desperately relieving herself right beside him, pleasure flowing through her and out of her. It just… It WAS hot, there was no way to get around that. But she WAS aware that she was in public. In a pretty secluded area, sure, but still… She needed to use her hands JUST for aiming, not for anything else, even if her body WANTED something else really bad.

She was able to resist the temptation until she was finished, and hoped she’d have an opportunity to take care of her NEW need soon. She pulled up her panties and waited for Emmett to finish. He wouldn’t appreciate being left alone with no one on the lookout for potential witnesses— And Nova certainly didn’t MIND standing there as he got the remainder of his liquid drained.

Emmett finally finished and zipped back up, she immediately took hold of his wrist and pulled him into a hug.

“Ah— H—Hang on,” Emmett stammered. “I— I still need to use some hand sanitiz—“

Nova silenced him with a kiss, “Feel better now?”

“Y—Yeah,” he said.

***

Shelby shivered as the last of her pee finally plinked into the bowl. Ahhhh… What a relief! She felt lighter, almost as though she could float away. She exited the stall and saw Jessica standing outside it, her legs still coiled together, hands still wedged in between them, face filled with painful amounts of desperation.

“Do you use a funnel?” Jessica demanded through agonized, shallow breaths.

“H—Huh?”

“You pee like a guy, I saw you!” Jessica said. “So, you have a funnel, right? Can I please, please borrow it? I don’t want to pee my pants!”

Shelby looked away. “Um, I don’t use a funnel…”

“Then, what do you use?” Jessica asked. “Please, just let me borrow it, I promise I’ll never tease you ever again if you just—“

“I don’t have anything you can borrow,” Shelby told her. She didn’t have anything left to say to Jessica, so she just left the room.

Samantha was right by the door, looking just as frantic and needful as Jessica had. Her legs were ankles were locked together, knees rubbing, hands squeezing with all their might against her crotch. “Shelby, how did you do that?” Samantha asked.

“Do what?” Shelby asked, walking past her, trying to ignore her. She felt so good now that her bladder was squeezed dry that she wouldn’t allow Samantha to make fun of her over it. SHE’D gotten to relieve herself, that was all that mattered.

“You really DID pee like a guy,” Samantha said. “How did— Wait, come back!”

Shelby paused, but only for a second.

“Teach me how!”

Shelby turned back to face Samantha properly. “Yeah, sure. I was just thinking about how much I’d love to teach someone who makes fun of me for losing my mother how to pee standing up!”

“Look, I’m sorry—“

“No, you’re not,” Shelby said simply. “And, what? After saying crap about me for standing to pee, all of the sudden you want to do it too?”

“I d—don’t want to sit down h—“

“Figure it out yourself,” Shelby said.

“But—“

“If our situations were reversed, would you help ME?” Shelby asked. When Samantha didn’t respond, she spat, “Yeah. That’s what I figured.” She didn’t even feel like she was being mean to Samantha, there was no guilt in ignoring her request. Samantha had brought this upon herself, and Shelby was under no obligation to offer any assistance. She’d taught Nova how to aim because Nova wasn’t an asshole to her all of the time. Samantha WAS, so now she got to stew with her OWN options.

She could sit down on one of the nauseating toilet seats, try to figure out another way to pee HERSELF, or have an accident. Those were the choices. Shelby didn’t HAVE to give a different one.

Besides, Samantha was the one who said standing to pee made someone less of a girl. She shouldn’t WANT to do it.

Shelby went back to the car. Nova and Emmett were already there, both looking way more relaxed… Save for the massive blush on Nova’s face. “What happened?” Shelby asked, glancing surreptitiously down at her friend’s lap, searching for wet spots. Nova didn’t appear to have leaked visibly, though.

***

Jessica kept standing in the women’s room, bouncing up and down in frantic indecision. She couldn’t stand like Shelby, and she couldn’t sit down and, above all, she couldn’t HOLD it anymore! She needed SOME way to get all this pee out! She supposed she could just hover, but that usually got messy, and she was scared about splash-back from the disgusting toilet. What other choices did she even HAVE, though?!

Shelby’s brother was, like, a really major germaphobe. Jessica hadn’t ever talked to him that much, but he seemed to just always have hand sanitizer with him, and he’d practically had a heart attack when he was supposed to dissect a frog in class once. Samantha talked about it sometimes, she said he was a “complete head-case” and needed to “spend a few months in a padded cell until he learns how to be normal”.

Jessica didn’t think it was as bad as all THAT, but probably bad ENOUGH that he wouldn’t be able to use the toilet here— Even though he COULD stand up! And he’d been willing to at least TRY to go on the side of the road.

So, if he wasn’t STILL holding it, then he’d probably peed outside.

Could Jessica do THAT? She never had before. If there wasn’t a toilet, she always held it in even when she was bursting. Someone might see— Samantha might see! Samantha would do that thing where she wrinkled up her nose and told Jessica she was immature, wondering aloud why they even hung out together.

If… If Jessica could find a way to do it secretly, without Samantha noticing, then… Ohhh, she needed to just go outside!

She limped out of the restroom, her bladder furiously protesting against every step. She saw Samantha pacing back and forth to the side of the gas station. Samantha’s eyes met hers and Jessica tried to straighten herself out. If she made it look like she’d just peed in the bathroom, Samantha would have no reason to think she was going to pee outdoors.

She still needed some kind of excuse, though. Some explanation for why she wasn’t going back to the car. “I— Uh— I have a rock in my shoe,” she said, and it sounded lame to her own ears, but Samantha barely gave her a second glance, instead continuing to hobble back and forth, taking the smallest steps imaginable. “G—Gotta get it out.”

Jessica hurried back behind the building where, to her GREAT relief, she found a smattering of bushes, if she went behind them and crouched down, she’d basically be invisible! Jessica worked her button and zip with a flurry of movement, then eased herself into the foliage. At last, she shoved her pants down and squatted. Right away, a stream of pure bliss erupted forth from her, the heavy stream cutting into the dirt. Her release spattered and hissed and she had to try very hard not to moan or sigh at the deliriously good feeling.

Samantha might hear that, after all.

***

Jessica returned to the car a few minutes later, finally tapped out. When her Mom got back from paying for gas and Samantha climbed back in, they were off again. Everyone was feeling much, muuuuch better.

Save for one girl, anyway.

Samantha hadn’t been able to bring herself to use the bathroom there. The idea of going in the bushes was so mortifying that it had barely even crossed her mind. After several minutes of restless pacing in front of the restrooms, she’d finally gone back in and claimed a stall, deciding that she could figure out how to use the toilet standing up by HERSELF.

So, she’d yanked her shorts and panties down and let them bunch up around her ankles, then she’d just… Stood there, trembling with desperation, and no fucking CLUE of how she might alleviate it.

Samantha had several brothers, and she’d seen quite a few of them stand to pee before. It looked REALLY simple when they did it. No need for any kind of instruction, just point and shoot. How the Hell was she supposed to do this when she didn’t have anything to grab onto and aim?!

If she hadn’t SEEN Shelby doing it, she wouldn’t think it was even possible. But, clearly it WAS possible, and the only problem was that she didn’t know HOW. She wondered if she was just supposed to… Like… Straddle the toilet, one foot planted on either side of the bowl. But then her legs would be right up against the gross thing, and Shelby hadn’t been doing it that way. Samantha had seen where her feet were, they were in FRONT of the toilet, about where she’d figure a guy’s feet would be.

So, that wasn’t it.

There must have been some way she could hold onto the spot where her pee came out of that would allow her to aim it. Struggling, completely out of her depth, she put a hand against her labia and spread them slightly. She did not feel confident at all, but she did feel extremely close to urinating all over the place if she didn’t at least TRY to get it into the toilet.

Hoping for the best, she told her body it was time to open the floodgate. It stayed shut for a few seconds, she was most definitely NOT used to allowing her pee to gush out in this position. She was bursting though, so it didn’t take TOO long for it to finally start.

And, when it started, rather than liquid spraying out and into the toilet, warmth trickled down her legs. There was zero arc to her stream, every drop rushing straight downwards. Immediately, Samantha panicked, and she kept adjusting her grip on herself, trying to yank or pull somewhere that would change the angle of her release, but nothing she did helped.

So, instead she had to direct all her energy into just making it STOP. She grabbed her crotch firmly with both hands, bending forwards, wriggling from side to side and bouncing. Now that she’d consciously TOLD her bladder that it could finally empty, it protested as hard as it could as she tried to rip its relief back away. She barely managed to cork herself shut again, and then just stood there, trembling, unwilling to move to pull her shorts back up.

When she’d finally recovered enough to make herself presentable again, she shuddered when she zipped up, the sound had a gruesome finality to it. She was going to have to hold it for the rest of the drive.

It was all Shelby’s fault, too.

So, that was why she was now back in the car, honestly feeling even MORE desperate than she would have felt if she hadn’t peed at all! She had NEVER stopped midstream before, and had had NO idea that it hurt so damn badly! Her middle was still spasming with displeasure, the bumps in the road adding to the pressure. It felt like her bladder was getting around. She turned to Jessica, who looked so aggravatingly COMFORTABLE. “I can not BELIEVE you actually peed there.”

“I— I really had to go…” Jessica mumbled. Samantha hadn’t caught her watering the bushes, but was apparently going to shame her anyway.

“So do I!” Samantha said. “But, I’m HOLDING it until I find a PROPER place.” She groaned, yanking hard on her seat-belt. “Aren’t we there YET?”

“About one more hour,” Jessica’s mom called. She didn’t sound very sympathetic. SHE’D said that Samantha should have just used the bathroom if she’d needed it that badly.

Samantha was in an atrocious mood now, lashing out at EVERYONE regardless of if they spoke to her or not. She was most furious at Shelby of course. It was because of HER that she was still waiting. “See if I ever do YOU a favor again…”

“You’ve never done me a favor BEFORE,” Shelby said.

“Shut up,” Samantha grouched. She was bucking against her clenched hands, trying to ignore how horridly damp her shorts felt. It was just sweat, she told herself. Nothing but sweat. “Ah— How much longer!?”

“Samantha, you should have just used the toilet,” Jessica said timidly. “E—Even Emmett did it, and he’s—“

“Easy for HIM, he can just STAND!”

“A—Actually, he flipped out and pissed on a bush,” Shelby corrected.

“I didn’t ‘flip out’!” Emmett said. “I walked in, saw the place was a trashfire, and left.”

“Shut up!” Samantha yelled. Everyone was getting on her nerves, she didn’t want to hear anyone’s voices. It was too distracting! She needed to focus everything she had on the simple task of not peeing… Please, please, just don’t pee! “Going in the bushes is easier for him, too!”

“Samantha,” Jessica’s mom admonished. “Stop shouting at everyone. It was your decision not to go at the gas station, that’s no one else’s fault.”

Oh, but it WAS. It was Shelby’s fault. Shelby could have easily just TOLD her how to stand, and none of this would be happening. Her fault. HER fault!

The next several minutes were Hell. Samantha was grinding into her seat, rocking against her hands and clenching her eyes closed. She could not BELIEVE she needed to go to the bathroom this badly! She’d had emergencies in the past— Two bathrooms shared between herself and all her siblings meant long lines were inevitable— but she’d never endured anything as extreme as this. It had been YEARS since she’d last honestly thought she could have an accident, and today she was feeling like it could happen at any second.

They continued to drive, Samantha whimpering and fidgeting and occasionally even leaking. She was mortified when she felt wet heat gush into her palms, but she couldn’t stop it from happening. She just had to do whatever it took to avoid a full-blown soaking, and she was rapidly running out of things she COULD do to prevent it. All her squirming and writhing was barely having an effect, all her clenching and squeezing hardly did anything! Her bladder was as full as full could get.

At one point, she’d just unbuttoned her shorts since the thing was digging into her too much, and when she did THAT she was able to feel how brutally hard her lower stomach had gotten. It was like it was made of stone, and when she looked at it she swore it was curving a little too. She was so desperate that it was making her look distended.

Even as Samantha moaned and frantically moved around in an attempt to stave off her flood, Shelby couldn’t feel much sympathy. She supposed she’d feel bad for Jessica’s mom if the car seat got drenched, but Samantha? She had brought this on herself. Maybe Shelby would be able to dig up SOME empathy for her if there had been zero opportunities for relief during the entire trip, but since there HAD been one and Samantha had opted not to take advantage of it, there was really ZERO reason to pity her.

Samantha had been nothing but a jerk to Shelby since the day they’d met, so if anything Shelby felt somewhat entertained by the spectacle she’d allowed herself to become.

And then, Samantha informed Shelby that, actually, this was HER fault.

Shelby stifled a laugh. “I forgot that I forced you back into the car before you could use the toilet.”

“You KNOW that’s not what I meant…”

Shelby rolled her eyes. If Samantha had been nicer to her in the past, then she really WOULD have taught her to go standing. Or at least TRIED to. But, instead Samantha had made fun of her for losing a parent, and said that it was why she was ‘bad’ at being a girl. It was sort of mind-boggling that Samantha wasn’t able to figure out simple cause-and-effect.

Samantha twisted and turned, bouncing up and down, straining every muscle she had as she groaned. “Ohhh, aren’t we there YET?”

“I’ll TELL you when we’re there,” Jessica’s mom said. “I understand you need the girls’ room very badly, but I’m getting you there as fast as I can.”

“Hurryyyy…” Samantha begged. This was so embarrassing, letting everyone in the car know that she was close to peeing her pants. But, the only thing WORSE would be actually peeing her pants in front of everyone, so BEGGING it was.

Jessica’s mom sighed again. “If you can’t hold it, then—“

“I’m not gonna have an accident!”

“I wasn’t suggesting that… Jessica, look around and see if you can find Samantha something she can go in, alright?”

“WHAT?!” Samantha shrieked. She couldn’t be serious! How would that even work! She couldn’t USE a bottle, and there was a GUY here, and— And she was trickling into her panties, wetting herself, but not at the full-force she NEEDED to. “J—Jessica, please hurry!”

Jessica glanced down at her feet. There was a bag there, containing snacks her mom had packed for the trip. There were plastic bowls in there, and if she took the food out of one then IT could be useful.

Samantha wasn’t gonna like it, though…

Jessica reached into the bag and grabbed one of the bowls. She peeled off the lid and removed the grapes stored there, just tossing them back into the bag on their own. “Here,” she thrust the bowl at Samantha.

Samantha’s eyes widened at the sight of it. She was not going to pee in a plastic Tupperware container, she was NOT.

A long spurt hissed out, warning her that she could either pee in the bowl or pee in her pants. “Give it!” Samantha tore one hand away from her groin and gripped the bowl. She unlatched her seat-belt, immediately feeling a slight taste of relief that made her want more. She stood up as best she could and reached for her zipper. “Nnnnhhh…” her hand froze. “Nobody look!”

Shelby could barely believe what was happening. Prim, prissy Samantha was about to take a leak in the car! Talk about ‘unladylike’! She’d been amused by seeing her bully face SOME form of comeuppance, and she thought this might even be more ‘humbling’ for her than a full-on accident!

“Don’t look!” Samantha repeated. “ESPECIALLY you, Emmett!”

“Why WOULD I?” Emmett asked. “I HAVE a girlf—“

“Nova, cover his eyes!” Samantha barked.

Nova sighed, “They’re already shut—“

“COVER THEM.”

“Fine…”

Samantha finally unzipped and pulled down her shorts, then cautiously sat over the bowl. She expected to have a little trouble getting started, given the circumstances, but the instant she felt the bowl beneath her, she was gushing a strong, violent stream. It rattled loudly against the plastic, both notifying her that she was hitting her target AND humiliating her since she knew everyone else could hear the hiss as clearly as she could.

She felt equal parts mortification and relief. Her bloated bladder was loving every second of this, but the rest of her was so ashamed that she could hardly think. Again, she mentally cursed Shelby. This was her doing, if she’d simply done as she’d been asked, none of this would have ever come to pass. Samantha WOULDN’T be hovering over a bowl, unleashing a tidal wave in front of everyone.

When she finally finished, more than a minute later, she was appalled by how much she’d filled the bowl. She’d nearly overflowed it, pale yellow liquid brimming around the top. Jessica, still not facing her, stuck out a hand containing the bowl’s lid. Samantha hurriedly latched it on, shuddering at the thought that she’d need to empty it out somewhere later.

She stood, pulled her pants back up, then shamefully notified everyone that she was done.

She then proceeded to spend the remainder of the ride trying to think of how to get back at Shelby.
