Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*012*2022-02-14 17:29

Alex had always been abnormally short. Adam was about the same height as Alex, but Alex was nowhere near as bothered by being small as Adam was. For Adam, being short was a major source of anxiety and stress, it made him feel inadequate and lesser than other guys. For Alex, being short was simply just a part of who he was.

Alex had tried to help Adam feel better about his height many, many times before. “You can’t change it,” he’d reminded. “And, there wasn’t anything you did that made you short, it’s just how you are.”

Adam knew that, of course. Being short wasn’t his fault, he couldn’t have controlled it. But, when he got into moods where he couldn’t stop comparing himself to cisgender men, his height was always something that hurt him the most.

“Lots of cis men are short,” Alex would say. “Your Dad is short and it doesn’t make him any less of a man.”

“I know, but—“

“There is a prayer I like,” Alex said. “It goes like this; God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.”

“Isn’t that from Alcoholics Anonymous?” Adam asked. “We don’t dri—“

“Yes, they use it,” Alex said. “But, it doesn’t have to only be about addiction, it can be about other things. You can’t change your height, you can just work to change how it makes you feel. But, there are lots of things you can change, lots of things you have changed, and that’s taken so much strength. You should be proud.”

“Thanks,” Adam said, pulling Alex in for a kiss. “You’ve been really brave, too.”

Alex shrugged. He didn’t think he was as brave as Adam. He still hadn’t gotten surgery like Adam had, or gotten hormones. He’d never been to a doctor for anything before, and it scared him. He’d been told his whole life that doctors were dangerous and not to be trusted. He’d been in a hospital once now when something had happened with his Mom, and the doctors there had all been nice, but still… “I’m not that brave,” he said.

“Of course you are,” Adam said. “You left behind everything you knew so you could live as yourself. That’s the bravest thing I’ve ever seen anyone do.”

A few days later, Adam announced that he’d found a solution to his height problem. He’d bought a pair of shoes with very high raised platforms. When he had them on, he looked three inches taller. He’d bought a pair for Alex as well, but Alex quickly discovered that walking on those things wasn’t as easy as Adam made it look. Alex would lose his balance easily, and he found the shoes pretty uncomfortable as well, they felt weirdly heavy. Since he didn’t care about his height the same way Adam did, he didn’t really bother with the clumsy, stilt-shoes.

One evening that month, Adam was invited by his Dad to a fancy dinner where he was going to deliver a speech. Adam’s Dad was a doctor— The first doctor not to make Alex feel scared— and had been asked to speak on a topic to several of his colleagues. The dinner was going to be held at a very upscale restaurant that was located in the top floor of a ritzy hotel. Adam thought this would be a good night to show off his new shoes and the extra height they granted him. He asked if Alex wanted to wear his, but Alex shook his head.

“I still can’t figure out how to walk in those things!” Alex said. “I don’t mind if I look shorter than you tonight.” Instead, Alex chose to wear the dress shoes he wore to church. These were nice and flat, they didn’t pinch his toes or weigh him down.

Alex had no idea that the hotel was very far away from his and Adam’s home. If he’d known, he wouldn’t have had so much water before they’d left. Because, after the drive all the way across the city, getting stuck in traffic a couple times, waiting as Adam found a vacant space in the parking garage that wasn’t reserved, shuffling through the hotel’s lobby and riding the elevator all the way to the top floor… Alex’s bladder needed some very serious emptying.

As the elevator doors pinged open and Alex took in the scene before him, he realized that blurting out “Adam, I have to use the restroom now!” would be entirely inappropriate. Everyone was dressed in black suits or dresses, speaking very softly to one another and plucking hors d’oeuvres from gilded trays that were being carried around by servants. Sparkling beverages were being poured from expensive looking bottles into very expensive looking glasses.

Alex tried very, very hard not to look at that last thing, rubbing his thighs together. He felt a little under-dressed now. He’d worn his fanciest clothes, the suit he’d picked out for church on Easter Sunday, but it looked totally inadequate alongside what everyone else was wearing. A twinge from his bladder informed him that he may end up looking a lot more inadequate by the night’s end. A wet spot on his nowhere-near-fancy-enough suit pants would be inexcusable.

He craned his neck around, seeking out the toilets, but he had a feeling a place like this would keep the all important restrooms tucked somewhere out of the way where they wouldn’t be easily noticed. As he and Adam were led to their places, Alex kept looking, but still failed to find any sign that directed him to where he needed to go. As soon as he’d sat down, someone started to pour sparkling water into the glass in front of him.

Alex stared as the water drizzled and flowed into the glass, shimmering in the muted light of the restaurant. He tried not to bounce in his seat as his ears registered the gentle tinkling sound the liquid made. He didn’t want to be rude to the employee who’d just filled the glass, so he raised it to his lips and took a hesitant sip.

He’d never had anything carbonated before. It felt funny on his lips and tongue, but not in a bad way. It didn’t taste like normal water, either. It had a really faint hint of a lemony flavor. Like lemonade, but a lot less sugary. He liked it. But, when he swallowed, he felt his middle swell as if it had gone straight from his throat to his bladder in no time at all.

Alex made himself hold on until someone had come to take their dinner orders. Adam ordered for him. Alex had no idea what half the items on the menu even were, and couldn’t even really concentrate enough to read the descriptions when all he could focus on was his poor bladder. He just hoped that ‘Focaccia bread’m ‘Pasta Con Pomodoro E Basilico’ and ‘Calamari’ were things he’d end up liking. He at least knew what ‘pasta’ and ‘bread’ were, of course, but he had no idea what the rest of those words meant.

Noticing Alex’s confused look, Adam said; “That’s just Italian. It means pasta with tomato and basil sauce. You’ll like that. Focaccia bread’s kinda like a pizza crust, and the calamari is fried squid.”

“Squid?” Alex repeated. “People eat squid?”

Adam looked at Alex for a moment. He knew that when Alex lived in his old home, he’d eaten squirrel once. Squid really shouldn’t have seemed so unusual to him… “Yeah, it’s really good, you’ll like it,” Adam said. “I promise. It’s really good if you squeeze a little lemon juice on it and dip it in marinara sauce.”

Alex had liked the lemon flavoring in the sparkly water… And he was just starting to realize he’d finished off his entire glass of it, too. What a stupid thing to do! How could he have willingly put another glass of water into his body when he still hadn’t peed? He crossed his legs and let his toes tap against the floor. He looked around for a few seconds, still not seeing where the restroom was. Then, he turned to Adam; “Um… Adam?”

“Yeah?”

“I…” Alex lowered his voice even more, trying to decide what the most polite, fancy, sophisticated way to say this would be. “Um…” He wriggled in his chair. “I need to relieve my bladder very urgently.”

Yes, Alex decided. That sounded very sophisticated.

But Adam shut his eyes and snorted a laugh through his nose. “WHY would you say it like— Never mind, I’m sorry,” he shook his head. “I guess that was a long drive… Come on,” he said. He stood and Alex followed. Adam being taller than him did feel at least a little strange to Alex, but that was just because he wasn’t used to it. It felt weird.

Alex hoped Adam knew exactly where the toilets were here, because standing up and moving around was making the liquid inside him roll and slosh with ever increasing neediness. But, as Adam looked back and forth and stood in one place uncertainly, Alex knew Adam didn’t have a clue where the restroom was, either.

Alex crossed his legs and swayed his fists near his sides. He was grateful he hadn’t worn big, heavy shoes like Adam had. It would be really hard to pull off a very helpful pee dance if he could barely maintain his balance just trying to walk in a straight line. Not that the pee dance Alex was doing was helping him all that much. He needed to really writhe, and to hold himself, to bounce up and down… But he didn’t dare do such a thing in his current surroundings.

Adam took Alex’s wrist and began to lead him off. “Found it,” he said. “Man, they really want to keep these things hidden!” The restrooms were in the very back of the large dining room, their signs concealed behind tall potted plants. “Would it really wreck the atmosphere so much to have visible toilet signs?” he asked. “I think it would be way worse if people kept wetting their pants because they couldn’t find the—“

“Adam!” Alex whined out, now tugging at his shirt collar with both hands to keep them from going between his legs instead.

“Okay,” Adam said. “I know, I’ll come with you and keep you safe…”

They entered the restroom, and Alex fought not to tease Adam when he saw how quickly he got himself in front of a urinal. Evidently, his partner had been waiting for this through most of the drive as well.

Alex eagerly headed for the urinal next to Adam’s, and…

It was too high up.

Alex’s STP may have been a wonderful thing, but defying gravity was not one of the things it was capable of. Urine could only flow down through it, not up. If he tried to aim his stream upwards so that it would actually go into that urinal, it just wouldn’t work. He’d make a mess of himself and the floor.

Alex released his zipper before he’d even pulled it down. This… Happened sometimes. Sometimes the urinal was just too high up on the wall, and he’d have to pee in a stall instead. It was never a big problem unless there was a line for the stall. But, that wasn’t an issue here. He simply stepped away from the urinal as he heard Adam zipping up. “What’s the matter?” Adam asked.

“Can’t reach,” Alex said, feeling a little embarrassed as he made his way to a stall and pushed the door open.

It took Alex’s desperate, waterlogged brain a few seconds to process what he was actually looking at. At the other end of the stall was what appeared to be a square, black trash can, the kind that people kept in their kitchens and had lids that opened by pressing down on a foot pedal. But, there wasn’t a foot pedal. It was raised up from the floor slightly and the space below it glowed slightly. It was a weird shape and color for a toilet, and Alex had certainly never seen one that lit up, but it still must have been a toilet, and Alex was dying to use it. He rushed towards it and gripped the edge of the lid, trying to pull it up as he would with any other toilet.

But, it didn’t budge.

Alex uncrossed his legs, only to hook them back around each other the other way. Even if his brain was having a difficult time processing that this weird, lighted cube thing was a toilet, his bladder had no qualms with accepting that it was. It did not, however, accept that Alex couldn’t get the lid to come up.

He tried again to raise it, his thighs straining together. He couldn’t understand what the problem was. The thing was just sealed shut! It felt like he was attempting to pry open a locked briefcase. For a second he thought maybe that was the issue, he had to put some kind of passcode into the toilet to get it to open up for him. He didn’t see any combination lock attached to it, though. He frowned, and settled upon a more likely explanation; A prankster had superglued the lid down.

Perhaps the other stall wouldn’t be like that. He exited the first one and, ignoring Adam’s confused look, hurried into the second stall. He was met with the same weird cube toilet, and he groaned when he saw that its lid was down too. Shakily, he tried to lift it up, but this one wouldn’t budge either.

Time for a different plan.

Whenever Alex didn’t understand something, Adam would usually have the answer. Alex didn’t understand why the toilet wouldn’t open, so Adam would explain to him what he had to do. It was probably something really simple and obvious that he’d missed. Like, this was a special, fancy, sci-fi rich person’s toilet. So, maybe he was supposed to just pee right onto the lid and the special, fancy, sci-fi rich person technology would make it evaporate right away. Or. Something.

Alex was pretty sure THAT wasn’t the answer, but he really, really didn’t think too well when he had to pee so badly. He left the stall, now even more hunched over than before. His bladder pinched against him, it squeezed its way down and tried to force its way through his clenched sphincters.

Adam was confused. He didn’t understand why Alex had ducked out of the first stall like that, as he doubted a place like this would let the restrooms become too filthy. Adam hadn’t heard Alex’s stream hitting the toilet water at any point, and clearly he still had to go… Before Alex said anything, he groped for an explanation. This didn’t happen to Alex often, but… “Did you have a little stage fright?” Adam guessed. “I know, fancy places make me a little nervous too, I can turn the sink on for y—“

“I can’t get the toilet open!” Alex blurted, shaking and pressing his thighs together. He couldn’t stop staring at the urinals behind Adam. They were such an immense tease on his bladder. The knowledge that he’d be able to let go right this second if he was just a couple inches taller was like a punch to the gut, directly into his swollen bladder.

Adam stared for a moment, uncomprehending. “Uh… What?”

“I can’t get it open,” Alex repeated. “Please show me how?”

“Um, okay…” Adam said. He followed Alex into a stall. Like Alex, he was a little confused by the odd shape of the toilet, and by the unusual neon lighting beneath it. “I… Guess it looks kinda weird,” Adam said. “But, you’d still just…” He reached to open the lid, and… It didn’t move. “Er… Alright…” he said softly. He tried again. And again. “I’ve been on T for two years,” he said. “I know I’m strong enough to open a toilet lid!”

Alex knew Adam was trying to make him laugh, but he just wasn’t in a laughing mood. His bladder was thrashing even more violently now that it looked as though Adam didn’t have all the answers after all! If even Adam couldn’t help him pee, then how would he pee at all? He whimpered a little, “Adam… It’s… An emergency,” he said. He was seriously starting to consider bolting from the room and to one of the potted plants just outside the door. If he wasn’t so afraid of being caught, he’d have no qualms about ‘watering’ those things in a serious way!

“I know it is…” Adam said sympathetically. He tried to think of something. They could go ask someone how in the world a person was supposed to use a toilet that was apparently housed in the same sort of container that would protect a priceless diamond in a museum… But, who could they ask? He thought going up to one of the workers and asking them a question relating to peeing would really mess up the atmosphere. Dad may think he was being rude, or feel like Adam had embarrassed him during his big moment…

Alex kept rocking back and forth, rubbing his hands together, his entire body shaking with strain. He bounced in place, letting out needy, whimpering “Nnnnh!” and “Ooooh!” noises.

Adam felt just terrible. It must have been torture to be so full of pee and stuck in a restroom with no way to use any of the toilets. He looked down at his feet and tried to—

His feet!

Yes!

Alex may not have wanted to wear the uncomfortable, fancy, lifted shoes, but Adam had worn his. And, Alex wouldn’t have to worry about falling over, because he wouldn’t have very far to walk. “Alex, come on,” Adam said. “I know how you can pee.”

Alex doubled over and moaned, he couldn’t keep his body still anymore. His toes tapped, his hips twitched. The need had moved from his bladder up into his back, consuming his entire body a second later. His heart pounded rapidly in his ears and he took in shallow puffs of air as he asked; “You know how to open it?” His voice was full of hope, but his hope was dying as he felt himself spurt into his boxers. His fingers and toes curled and contorted as much as the rest of him already had.

“No,” Adam admitted. “But, that doesn’t matter. I know how you can use the urinals.”

“I can’t reach,” Alex reminded, his entire body surging and trembling.

“I know,” Adam said. “But, I could. Remember? And we’re pretty much the same height, so that means all you have to do is trade shoes with me, okay?”

Alex nodded quickly. He needed to be taller! Just a tiny bit taller! He twisted his legs back together, the spasms from his bladder near constant.

Adam began removing his shoes. “Take off yours,” he said. “You’ll be able to go in just a minute…”

Alex made to crouch down so he could unlace his shoes, but the instant he began to squat, his bladder began to spray. “Ahhh!” he gasped out, hands flying in between his legs as he shot back up. The amount of liquid contained in his body was far beyond his ability to hold unless he gave his bladder all the room it could possibly get. “I can’t! I’m peeing!” he managed through his panic. He cut the flow off, whimpering all the while.

He felt Adam’s hands on his feet, “Alright, I can do this, it’s gonna be—“

“I’m peeing!” Alex repeated, his eyes squeezed shut. “Hurry! I can’t make it much longer!”

“Hey…” Adam soothed, helping Alex step out of his shoes. “It’s alright, just one more minute.”

Alex was bent completely over as Adam slipped the fancy, lifted shoes onto his feet. Alex’s hands were buried between his legs, his hips shimmying back and forth as he fought not to cross his legs or bounce on his feet as Adam laced the shoes. He and Alex were not the same shoe size, and these were a tight fit on Alex’s feet, but he’d only need to wear them for a few minutes, nowhere near long enough to get a blister or anything.

“There you are,” Adam said. “You shouldn’t have any problem with the tall urinals now.”

Alex opened his squished shut eyes and found that he did feel taller. It was weird how much a couple inches of lift changed his perspective of his surroundings. But, he couldn’t focus on that now. He had to get moving.

But, if he’d thought walking in lifted shoes was hard normally, doing it with a full bladder ought to have been an Olympic sport. Maybe they should have waited to swap until Alex was actually at the urinal, but then again if he’d been able to see it he probably would have pissed himself before he had the chance to use it. His steps were so wobbly, and he couldn’t even be sure if it was because he was struggling to balance or because he was struggling not to pee.

Adam put a steadying hand on his back. “Almost there,” he said. “Sweet thing… You can make it.”

Alex felt more confident in himself at Adam’s soothing words. He managed to make it the last few steps and found to his great relief that he was now positive he could actually direct his stream into the urinal. It was now level with his crotch rather than above it. Eagerly, he tugged down his zip and pulled out his prosthetic. The torrent was immediate, it felt like his holding muscles just dropped out from underneath him. There was no build-up, he went straight into a full-on, noisy, and intensely powerful gush. He tried not to moan, it was such a perverse sound that he should no better than to make in a public place, but as an all-consuming shiver worked its way up from the soles of his feet to the top of his scalp, he cried out in ecstasy involuntarily; “Ahhhhhhhh…!

Adam knew Alex didn’t mind being looked at while he peed, his upbringing hadn’t granted him much privacy after all, but Adam still tried not to look. However, when he heard that noise fall from his boyfriend’s lips, he couldn’t help it. He’d only heard Alex make a sound even close to resembling that one the night Adam had discovered where Alex most liked to feel his tongue.

When Adam looked and noticed the strength of the jet of piss Alex was letting out, he did feel the need to say something; “Hold back a little,” he said. “You could overflow the STP if you go too fast.”

Alex groaned, but his stream began to slow so Adam knew he’d at least managed it.

“I know,” Adam said. “But, you don’t want to have gone through all that only to pee some in your clothes anyway, do you?”

Alex sighed out an affirmative sounding noise. And, when he shivered again, Adam knew that even if he’d needed to control his flow a little, it wasn’t tampering down the relief he felt very much. He shuddered one final time as his stream tapered off and he shook out his prosthetic. He zipped back up with a sigh. “Th—thank you,” he breathed out. “Want to switch back?”

“Yeah,” Adam agreed. “You… really can’t walk in those things, can you?”

“Not really,” Alex laughed. “And, I think I can get them off myself now…” he added, crouching down. He noticed then that he was a little sore in his center, but it wasn’t too bad.

Adam followed suit. “I have never seen anyone get pee-shivers as much as you do,” he informed, before quickly adding; “I hope that’s not weird to say. I just… I read they’re more common in men than in women, and—“

“In that case, I’ve never been so glad to get them as much as I do!”

After they’d swapped their shoes back around and washed up, they returned to the table. Adam had been right; Alex really did like calamari. And, now that he knew there was a way he could use the tall urinals, he didn’t hesitate to drink a few more glasses of the delicious, lemony water…

Adam’s Dad gave his speech, and afterwards he followed the two down to their car to talk with them a bit. At one point, Adam mentioned some aspects of the mishap they’d had in the restroom. “Do those toilets need, like, a password or something?” he asked.

“Oh,” Adam’s Dad said. “I’d forgotten about that… Yeah. There’s a really, really small remote built into the wall behind the toilet. If you press one of the buttons, then it will open. I don’t understand why something like that exists, either. It’s very confusing. Hope it wasn’t too big of an issue.”

“No, we figured something out,” Adam assured.

