SMG3 omorashi

Author: stephiekitty20

*000*2019-09-27 00:18

:at smg3's house:

SMG3 woke up extra early and got ready to go to Bowser's lair he had a plan to take over the mushroom kingdom. when he got inside bowser's lair he shouted bowser's name.

SMG3: BOWSER! BOWSER! GUESS WHAT!! GUESS WHAT!!!

Bowser: huh? what smg3?

SMG3: I have a plan.

Bowser: you seem excited today.

SMG3: I feel firm like I can take on the world.

SMG3 then crossed his legs a bit.

Bowser: It looks like you need to take on the bathroom.

SMG3: shut up bowser. I will be fine.

SMG3 told bowser his plan.

SMG3: and that's how we destroy Mario and smg4. now let's go.

Bowser: does anybody need to use the potty first?

SMG3: I:C

Bowser: sorry. anyways let's go.

SMG3 and bowser went to find smg4 and Mario.

Bowser: so what do now smg3?

SMG3 wasn't paying attention to bowser because he (smg3) had to pee really bad. he was so excited to tell bowser his plan he forgot to go to the bathroom at his lair.

Bowser: smg3? you gotta go?

SMG3: no I don't.

Bowser: I think you do smg3 because you can't cross your legs like that for no reason.

SMG3: alright, alright, I do have to go. very bad actually.

Bowser: then go to the bathroom smg3.

SMG3: fine bowser! Mario and smg4 are in the castle anyway. so I use the bathroom when we get there.

SMG3: Mario's coming, hide!

SMG3 hid in a tree and bowser hid behind a sign.

Mario: hi bowser.

Bowser: shut up! I'm a sign!

Mario: alright! see ya!

Mario left and smg3 couldn't take it anymore.

Bowser: ha! nailed it!

Bowser looked at smg3 and he (bowser) couldn't believe his eyes. smg3 was peeing in the tree. the streams of urine ran down the trunk of the tree and puddled on the ground.

Bowser: (thinking) I surprised he held it in this long.

SMG3 sighed in relief as he blushed a pink blush while he finished up.

SMG3 climbed down and saw bowser staring at him in shock.

SMG3: (blushing a lot) lets never speak of this EVER again.

Bowser: agreed.

