To Cheer Up a Friend -- A Toaru Kagaku no Railgun Fanfiction Staring Kuroko

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-07-08 02:24

Here's another commission! This one's from @Infecteddeer12

, and is part of the series of Toaru commissions I've done for them! After Misaka Mikoto's embarrassing accident, Kuroko comes up with a convoluted plan to cheer her up. Getting desperate herself to show her that getting caught needing to pee is normal. Of course, things don't go as planned, and Kuroko might have gotten more than she bargained for tempting fate like that! I hope you all enjoy!

To Cheer Up a Friend

In a certain dorm somewhere in the heart of District 7, the third strongest esper in all of Academy City was…

Moping.

“Mrrrrggggghhhhh…”

Misaka Mikoto was laying on her bed, face buried into her pillow and hands running through her hair. A heavy air hung around her, and even Kuroko knew better than to make things worse by trying one of her antics.

“Onee-sama…” Kuroko looked over in concern.

She knew what was bothering her. Twice now, Misaka Mikoto had wound up in desperate situations, and neither time she managed to make it to the toilet on time. The first incident, regrettably, was her own fault. She was occupying the dorm’s toilet when Misaka Mikoto returned, absolutely bursting. Kuroko would never forget the sight of opening the door, only to see Mikoto standing there, having just wet herself.

The second had partially been her fault as well. She had called Mikoto in to help her with a fight with Skill-Out, only for them to get trapped in a room where their abilities were jammed. Mikoto had only barely held on until they escaped, but clearly something had happened, and Mikoto had once again failed to make it to a toilet in time. Kuroko hadn’t been able to pry anything concrete about what had happened from Mikoto, but for it to be affecting Mikoto this much, she presumed it had something to do with that spiky-haired boy.

That monkey!

Kuroko gripped the sheets of her bed in anger, but she immediately relaxed and let out a sigh. Blaming that idiot wasn’t going to help cheer Mikoto up. Kuroko had been trying to pull Mikoto out of her funk for a few days now, but nothing seemed to be working. She was utterly torn up about seeing Mikoto like this, and she was saddened that she couldn’t seem to do anything to help.

Kuroko rolled over, staring up at the dorm’s ceiling, when the motion jostled her bladder. Reaching down to feel it, she realized she had to pee. She stood up and made her way to the dorm’s toilet. As she began peeing, she tried to imagine how Mikoto was feeling. It was hard to picture. Although Kuroko sometimes found herself having to hold it longer than she would’ve liked, she couldn’t remember the last time she actually wet herself.

Suddenly, an idea popped into Kuroko’s mind, and her eyes lit up. That was it! Mikoto was embarrassed about the two incidents recently because she felt like she was the only person who this kind of stuff happened to, but if Kuroko could show her that getting into a desperate situation and wetting herself was something that could happen to anyone, then maybe that would cheer her up.

But… am I really going to wet myself in front of Onee-sama?

Kuroko blushed, but then shook her head.

No, it’ll be wetting myself for Onee-sama! Besides, sharing such an intimate, embarrassing moment with only Onee-sama…

Kuroko blushed further, and smiled. As she finished up in the toilet and stepped out, she turned to Mikoto.

“Onee-sama,” Kuroko asked.

“Mmmyes?” Mikoto turned her head to the side, just enough to pull her face from the pillow.

“Are you free tomorrow?”

“I guess. Why?” Mikoto asked.

Kuroko smiled. The plan was in motion.

###

“Come on, Onee-sama! The cafe’s just up ahead!”

“Slow down, Kuroko! Why are you in such a rush? Besides, couldn’t you just teleport us there?”

Kuroko was bounding down the streets of District 7 with Mikoto in tow, equal parts nervous and excited for the day to come. She couldn’t just wet herself in front of Mikoto. If Mikoto knew, or even suspected, she had done it on purpose to cheer her up, it wouldn’t work at all. So she had to fabricate a situation where she would naturally get desperate and be unable to hold it.

Unfortunately, this was easier said than done. Kuroko was a teleporter, so there weren’t many situations where she would be caught without easy access to a restroom. Therefore, by necessity, she had come up with a rather convoluted plan.

She would start by simply hanging around Academy City with Mikoto naturally. It just needed to be long enough for Kuroko to build up a need to pee. Then, she would invite Mikoto to the movies. There was a new, popular action movie that had just been released, and she knew Mikoto liked action movies, so it would be natural to invite her there. Then, Kuroko could show off to Mikoto that she had to pee, and even admit it to her, but use the excuse that she didn’t want to miss anything by getting up in the middle of it.

After making it through the movie, Kuroko would beeline it to the restrooms-- which would undoubtedly be packed after such a popular movie. Then, playing up her desperation, Kuroko would ask them to return to the dorm. She could teleport them there and pretend to lose control in the privacy and comfort of their own dorm.

Kuroko and Mikoto arrived at the cafe, where there was a long line nearly out the door.

“This is why I wanted to get here on time, a lot of girls have been coming here after school for their amazing cakes.”

“Oh well,” Mikoto shrugged, “We have plenty of time to wait before the movie. Unless you want to go somewhere else?”

“No, here’s fine,” Kuroko nodded. The waiting wasn’t actually a bad thing, considering Kuroko’s ultimate plan.

As the two stood there, waiting in line, Kuroko pulled her secret weapon out of her bag. A large bottle of buckwheat tea, spiked with diuretic. She had nabbed it from one of the first aid cabinets at the Judgment branch before meeting back up with Mikoto. Why their first aid supplies had diuretics stocked she would never know, but it came in handy today.

I should drink some now, it’ll help me fill up while we wait.

Kuroko looked down at the bottle nervously. She’d never used diuretics before, but she figured it was the best way to naturally fill up. She never really held it on purpose before, so she didn’t have a good grasp on her bladder capacity. She didn’t want to risk not being desperate enough by the time they got to the movies.

She took a few gulps and looked down, trying to feel for any tell-tale signs of desperation. She felt herself getting nervous as she slipped the bottle back into her bag and waited. She knew the diuretic wouldn’t work instantly, but she had no idea what effect it would have. In hindsight she should’ve done more testing before spiking her drink with the stuff, but she wanted to cheer up Mikoto.

Speaking of Mikoto, Kuroko looked over at her to see how she was feeling. She looked a bit down still, but it wasn’t nearly as bad as last night. Still, she lacked that excitement and pep that she usually had.

“This is kind of out of the way from the dorms, how’d you hear about this place, Kuroko?”

“Oh,” Kuroko looked over, “Uiharu told me about it. She said she came her with Saten the other day, and it was amazing!”

“Ah,” Mikoto nodded, “I wonder if we’ll run into them?”

Mikoto looked around to see if they were in line, and Kuroko frowned. She scanned the line nervously as well, hoping they weren’t here. Ordinarily she wouldn’t be opposed to hanging out with Saten and Uiharu, but today was different. It was supposed to be just her and Mikoto. Besides, Kuroko was okay being desperate and wetting herself in front of Mikoto, but not the others. Them showing up could really throw a wrench in her plans.

“Huh, I guess they’re not here,” Mikoto spoke after she finished looking around.

“I guess not,” Kuroko frowned, “I guess that means it’s just you and me today, Onee-sama!”

Kuroko allowed herself to indulge a little, wrapping her arms around Mikoto from behind. As she did so, she felt the first nagging signals from her bladder. It wasn’t that strong yet, but it seemed the diuretic was working.

“H-hey!” Mikoto fought and broke free of Kuroko’s grasp, but it was a half-hearted attempt, and lacked the usual feistiness and anger Kuroko expected from Mikoto.

This is bad, I really need to cheer her up with this!

As the two slowly moved up in line, Kuroko could feel in the back of her mind her bladder slowly filling up. That was good. It meant the diuretic was working, and hopefully she’d have to pee by the time they reached the theater. Still, it was really only a slight nagging that was easy for Kuroko to ignore. Worried that that wouldn’t be enough, Kuroko grabbed her bottle of tea again and drank a few more big gulps, finishing about half of it.

“This line’s taking a while. Is this place really that good?” Mikoto asked aloud.

“I’m not sure,” Kuroko shrugged, “Well, I hope after all this waiting, it isn’t a total disappointment.”

“Yeah,” Mikoto nodded, “Well, at least we’re getting to see that movie after. I’m actually kind of excited.”

“Really?” Kuroko asked. Mikoto was smiling, and she did look happier than she had over the past few days. A bit of the usual sparkle in her eyes also seemed to return. Her plan was already cheering Mikoto up.

“I’m excited too, Onee-sama!”

By the time the two finally got to the front of the line, Kuroko could definitely tell the diuretic was working. She shuffled in place as she felt the pressure starting to build up in her abdomen. She had to pee. It was still a nagging sensation that she could push to the back of her mind, but she could definitely feel it a lot more than normal.

Kuroko actually got a little worried. Had she overdone it on the diuretic? She shook her head. She still didn’t have to go that badly, and they had waited quite a while in line. They had plenty of time to eat, but Kuroko wasn’t sure if they’d have much time to do anything else before they needed to head to the movie theater. That meant that even if she really had to pee by the time they were done here, she’d be fine.

“I’ll have a slice of chocolate cake and a cup of milk tea, please,” Kuroko ordered, “What did you want, Onee-sama?”

“I’ll take a strawberry shortcake and a coffee,” Mikoto answered.

“Right away!”

As soon as they got their food and drinks, they took their seats at a booth by the window. When Kuroko sat down, she felt her bladder spasm in protest, and she crossed her legs under the table. She felt the sensation subside, but she was starting to get worried about how fast she was filling up.

It’s not that long until the movie… I should be fine.

“Wow, this is really good!” Mikoto gushed, trying a piece of her cake.

Kuroko did the same, pushing her concerns to the back of her mind and taking a bite of her chocolate cake. Uiharu had been right. The cakes here were amazing. The taste was light and fluffy, but still somehow rich and decadent. There was just enough bitterness to cut through the sweetness, and just enough airiness in the cake to balance out the creaminess of the frosting. She could definitely see why the girls of Academy City would come here after school and wait in such a long line.

“This cake is amazing! Here, Onee-sama, try some of mine!”

Kuroko took another piece on her fork and held it out for Mikoto, and she bit down on it and smiled, “Oh wow, yeah, that’s really good!”

Kuroko blushed, having basically just fed Mikoto. She looked down at her fork, realizing that they technically just had an indirect kiss.

“Here, try some of mine!”

Mikoto held up her own fork, and Kuroko’s face lit up. To be fed by Mikoto, who she adored so much, was like a dream. And here she thought she was supposed to be cheering Mikoto up!

Kuroko did the same, and just like her own cake, Mikoto’s cake was amazing. The tartness of the strawberries matched perfectly with the sweetness of the whipped cream, and the shortcake provided some much-needed chew and sponginess that perfectly soaked up the juice from the berries. But of course, the best part about it was the fact that it was another indirect kiss from Mikoto, and that she was feeding it to her.

“I’m in heaven!” Kuroko gushed, placing a hand on her cheek.

Suddenly, however, her blissful experience was cut short by another wave of pressure from her bladder. She squeezed her legs under the table, rubbing the calf of one foot with the other as she tried not to shuffle too much in her seat. The diuretics were definitely having an effect on her. She could feel her bladder filling up much faster. She really shouldn’t have gone back in for those extra sips of her tea.

I’ll be fine, I don’t have to go that bad yet… as long as I can make it through the movie!

Kuroko’s heart raced. Mikoto was clearly having a good time already, and she really needed her plan to go off without a hitch. Just as she was starting to fret about her filling bladder, Mikoto’s voice snapped her out of it.

“Hey, Kuroko, thanks.”

“Huh?”

“I know you invited me out today to cheer me up,” Mikoto smiled, “I’ve been pretty down in the dumps because of those recent incidents lately, but this is really cheering me up.”

“Really?” Kuroko asked, “I’m so glad, Onee-sama! I was starting to worry that nothing would cheer you up.”

“Sorry I’ve been such a downer lately,” Mikoto apologized.

“It’s fine, Onee-sama! I understand. That kind of stuff can be embarrassing!”

In fact, I’ll make sure you know I know how you feel!

Kuroko’s confidence in her plan was reinvigorated, and she doubled-down, pushing her need to pee to the back of her mind. She reached for her milk tea and took a big swig, ignoring the protest from her bladder. It was as delicious as the cake, and that helped it go down easy. By the time she was done, Kuroko was pressing her thighs together, rubbing her knees under the table to keep her need discreet.

In contrast to how Kuroko had downed her tea in one go, the two ate their cakes slowly, wanting to savor them thoroughly. Mikoto also sipped on her coffee rather than gulping it down. They would have to leave for the movie soon, but they weren’t in a rush. Kuroko even thought about ordering another milk tea, but she thought better of it. She was getting pretty full, and she didn’t want to get too desperate before the movie.

By the time they were finished, Kuroko was starting to feel pretty full. It was getting harder for her to simply ignore her urge to pee. She could feel her bladder starting to swell as it continued to fill, aided by the diuretics. She stood up carefully, disguising a small shuffle as simply stretching her legs from standing, and turned to Mikoto.

“We should go, Onee-sama. By the time we walk to the theater, it’ll be almost time for the movie to start.”

“Hold on, let’s go to the restroom first,” Mikoto suggested, “The ones at the theater are always packed when it’s a big movie like this.”

“I don’t have to go,” Kuroko lied, trying not to undercut her own words by squirming around, “You go on ahead.”

Mikoto looked at Kuroko oddly, but nodded and headed for the restroom. Kuroko sighed in relief. She knew it might be a bit suspicious, but the last thing she wanted to do now was go into a restroom, where she’d be face to face with the sight of toilets and the sound of running water.

Thankfully, it didn’t take long for Mikoto to finish up, and the two left the cafe. As they stepped out on the street, however, they heard a voice call from behind them.

“Hey, you two were here?”

Mikoto and Kuroko whirled around, coming face-to-face with Saten and Uiharu. They weren’t in their school uniforms for some reason today. Perhaps they had gone home to change before heading to the cafe, which was why they were so late.

“Oh, fancy meeting you here,” Mikoto smiled.

“Hey, you two!” Kuroko smiled. It seemed they were here to eat at the cafe, and since she and Mikoto had to get going to the movie, it looked like she’d still have Mikoto all to herself. Still, she couldn’t help but be a little worried. On top of that, standing up was worse than sitting down, so she was trying not to visibly shuffle in place.

“Isn’t this place amazing?” Uiharu gushed, “Their cakes are divine, and their drinks warm you up!”

“Aw, but you two seem to be leaving, we just got here,” Saten pointed out.

“Yeah, we’re going to catch that new action movie everyone’s talking about.”

Saten’s eyes widened, “Oh, that was today? That’s right, I totally forgot! Sorry, Uiharu, but do you mind if we join them?”

“Huh?” Uiharu and Kuroko asked. Uiharu seemed surprised, while Kuroko was dejected. This totally threw a wrench in her plans.

“Sorry, I know you really wanted to come here, but I’ve been following this movie’s trailers for months! I totally forgot it came out today!”

“That’s fine,” Uiharu smiled, “The cafe isn’t going anywhere! Besides, it’s more fun to go as friends, right?”

“Yeah, come on, if we go there now, we’ll have plenty of time to buy snacks,” Saten smiled.

Everyone nodded, and Kuroko forced a smile as they headed towards the theater. This was bad. She was totally fine squirming and holding herself openly next to Mikoto, especially in the dark theater, but she didn’t want to do something like that in front of Uiharu or Saten. She also had no idea how this would affect her plans for after the movie.

As she fretted, she felt her bladder continue to swell as she walked. She was filling up faster than she expected. She was starting to think that, at this rate, she might not even make it to the movie. Maybe it was time to abandon her plans?

No! I’m doing this for Onee-sama! The plan will work out in the end!

Kuroko shuffled along, pressing her thighs together and trying not to be too obvious about her discomfort as she walked. By the time the group got to the theater, she really just wanted to sit down and cross her legs. Unfortunately, they still needed to buy their tickets, and the others all wanted treats and snacks for the movies.

“I’ll take a large soda!” Saten ordered, “Oh, and an extra-large popcorn! It’s supposed to be a longer movie, so we should get plenty to eat and drink!”

“I want plenty of sweets,” Uiharu declared, “You owe me, since we didn’t get to go to the cafe.”

“We just ate, so I’ll just take a soda,” Mikoto ordered.

It was Kuroko’s turn, and she paused. She didn’t really want anything more to drink, and she just ate herself, but it would look odd if she didn’t order anything.

“I’ll take a small popcorn,” Kuroko ordered. Maybe having a salty snack would help take her mind off of her growing need to pee.

Satisfied with their snacks, the four girls made their way into the correct theater and found a seat that was neither too close to the screen, nor too far back. Despite the movie being just released and really popular, they managed to find a more quiet row. Kuroko was thankful for that, since it meant there were less people to catch her squirming.

Kuroko also made sure she was on the edge of the group, with only Mikoto to her right. Uiharu was next, and Saten was on the other edge to the far right.

As they sat down, Saten looked over and frowned, “Oh hey, Uiharu? Did you not get a drink?”

“Oh? Oh no, I totally forgot!” Uiharu’s head drooped in dismay, “I was too busy ordering sweets.”

“I’d offer to share, since mine’s so large, but I know you don’t like orange soda,” Saten frowned.

“There’s still enough time for me to-” suddenly, the lights faded and the countdown for the movie began. There were still ads and stuff first, but not enough time for Uiharu to go back and order.

“Hey,” Mikoto looked over at Kuroko, “Don’t you have that big bottle of tea in your bag?”

Kuroko’s eyes widened. She did still have the bottle of buckwheat tea in her bag, but naturally, and even though it was only half-full, it was a large enough bottle that there was still plenty left. Of course, it was also spiked with diuretics, but Kuroko couldn’t admit that, and she couldn’t think of any other reason not to share.

“I, uh, yeah, hold on,” Kuroko dug around in her bag and passed Uiharu the diuretic tea.

I’m so sorry, Uiharu!

Kuroko felt really bad, and she was all the more conscious of her own bladder because of it. She had to go quite bad, bordering on desperate, and the movie was just starting. Kuroko bit her lip. Perhaps she had overdone it.

I’ll be fine. I can hold it. Besides, really only Onee-sama can see me, so I can hold it a bit more openly.

Kuroko rubbed her knees together as she tried to focus on the movie. It opened with an action scene to get the audience hooked, so Kuroko was able to ignore her growing desperation for the most part, only squeezing her thighs together and grabbing the hem of her skirt with her hands when she was hit with a wave of pressure from her full bladder.

She glanced over at Mikoto, who was smiling as her eyes were locked to the big screen. Kuroko allowed herself a small smile in spite of her situation. This whole thing had been to cheer up Mikoto, after all, and it definitely seemed like Mikoto was enjoying herself. Seeing that, Kuroko was able to push her discomfort to the back of her mind and enjoy spending time with Mikoto.

Unfortunately, the distraction was short-lived, and Kuroko felt another spasm from her abdomen. She bit her lip and danced in her seat a bit, carefully trying not to distract Mikoto. Her full bladder was starting to bulge out against the waistband of her skirt, and she could feel the pressure continuing to mount.

Mikoto looked over at her for a moment, and Kuroko suppressed her squirming. Her plan was to eventually let Mikoto know she was desperate, but she wanted to wait far enough into the movie, where it would be normal for a person to try to wait it out, even if they really had to go.

Kuroko smiled at her, and Mikoto turned back towards the screen. Kuroko let out the breath she didn’t realize she was holding, and then caught some movement out of the corner of her eye.

Uiharu was bouncing her legs up and down. It was subtle, and maybe Kuroko only noticed because she had to pee herself, or because she knew Uiharu was drinking her diuretic-laden tea. Still, she felt bad.

Does Uiharu have to pee because of me?

Kuroko shook her head. That couldn’t have been it. The diuretic didn’t work that fast, and there was a lull in the movie. If Uiharu had to pee badly enough already, surely she would just go. After all, she didn’t have a reason to be holding it, unlike Kuroko.

Having come to that conclusion, Kuroko turned her attention back to the movie. Unfortunately, it was a bit of a slow point, and wasn’t doing nearly as much as the fast-paced action scene that opened the movie. Kuroko’s focus kept snapping back to her full bladder, and she was finding it harder and harder to stifle her desperate movements. Simply squeezing her thighs together didn’t seem to help. She crossed her legs and rubbed them together, leaning back in the theater seat and trying to find a somewhat comfortable position.

Luckily, the movie’s pace picked back up, and Kuroko was once again able to distract herself from her desperation, if only a little. However, curiosity got the better of her, and she glanced back over at Uiharu. She had finished almost all of Kuroko’s spiked tea, and was sitting rather stiffly, shuffling slightly in her seat. Kuroko felt a pang of guilt as she watched her. It really did look like Uiharu also had to pee.

Kuroko made it halfway through the movie like that, shifting her focus from the movie, her own desperation, and Uiharu’s familiar movements. However, it was getting harder and harder to focus. Kuroko’s bladder was like a rock in her abdomen, swelling from how much pent-up pee she was holding back. She had definitely overdone it with the diuretic.

Suddenly, Kuroko was hit with a strong spasm shooting straight through her bladder. The intense desperation made her stiffen up straight. She bounced her legs up and down, not caring about being subtle, as she fought the urge to openly grab herself. She clamped her jaw down and waited for the pressure to subside, just focusing on keeping the floodgates closed until it did.

She managed to make it through, but it was clear she was absolutely bursting. It seemed like Mikoto had noticed, too, and turned to her in concern.

“You okay, Kuroko?”

“Of course, Onee-sama,” Kuroko whispered back, “I just… I kind of have to use the toilet.”

“You should go,” Mikoto urged, probably remembering her own recent accidents.

“I’m too invested in the movie,” Kuroko lied, “I can hold it.”

Mikoto looked at her warily “As long as you’re sure.”

In truth, she really wasn’t. That had been such an intense wave, and Kuroko wasn’t sure if she could survive many more of those without losing it. Still, she was determined to carry out her plan as best as possible.

This is for Onee-sama!

Thankfully, it seemed like that strong wave was the last one for a while, and it even seemed like her desperation seemed to subside for a bit afterwards. Kuroko was able to once again turn her focus back to the movie, and to Uiharu.

If Kuroko suspected her of having to pee earlier, then she was positive she had to go now. She had her arms buried between her legs, tucked into the folds of her long skirt. She looked like she was simply sitting forwards with her hands resting in her lap, but Kuroko could tell from the desperate squirms and wriggles that Uiharu was definitely feeling the effects of her diuretic. Every so often, Uiharu would stiffen up, and squeeze her thighs around her hands.

Uiharu nervously glanced towards the door to the theater, like she was thinking about getting up, but then she turned her attention back to the movie. Part of Kuroko wished she’d just get up and go already, but another part of her was glad that she wasn’t the only one trying to make it to the end of the movie. Though, since it was her fault that Uiharu had to pee in the first place, Kuroko knew that was selfish.

As the movie moved towards the finale, Kuroko’s desperation returned in full force. It wasn’t as strong as the wave that had hit her, but the small respite her body had given her was over. She could feel her swollen bladder constantly pushing out, trying to make her loosen her muscles and let all that pent-up urine flow out of her. Kuroko tried to keep holding it just by shuffling around, rubbing her knees together, and crossing her legs, but she finally gave in and planted a hand between her legs, pressing against her crotch.

“Kuroko, are you sure you’re okay?” Mikoto asked.

“I’m fine, Onee-sama,” Kuroko answered, “Besides, the movie’s almost over.”

Mikoto didn’t look convinced, but she turned her attention back to the screen. Kuroko was right, this was the finale. That meant she’d only have to hold it a little longer. Uiharu also looked relieved. The poor girl was restless, clearly battling a full bladder herself, but she seemed equally as determined to make it through to the end.

Unfortunately for both her and Kuroko, the movie’s finale took place outside in the rain. The constant sound of rushing water did little to help either, and Kuroko was torn between trying to focus on the movie to distract herself from her bladder, and trying to ignore it and all the rain sounds making her desperation worse.

Suddenly, she was hit with another strong wave of desperation, and she stiffened up. She clamped her hands against her crotch and pressed her thighs together, biting her lip to stifle a gasp. She felt like she was going to leak any second, her overfilled bladder stubbornly trying to force her to pee already. She felt a few drops leak out into her panties and she scrunched her eyes closed, putting all her focus into not letting any more out. Thankfully, she was able to gain control, just barely, but now she had to pee worse than before.

Just a bit longer. I can hold it. I can hold it. If it’s for Onee-sama, then I can hold it!

She kept her hands clamped down on her crotch as she returned her attention to the big screen. The rain didn’t help, but at this point Kuroko would take any distraction from the intense pressure in her abdomen. She caught Uiharu squirming desperately in her seat as well, and hoped for the both of them that the movie would end sooner rather than later.

The last stretch of the movie was agonizing. Kuroko couldn’t remember the last time she had to pee so bad in her life. It took all her concentration and focus to stay dry, and she was seriously worried she was going to leak again. Thankfully, she somehow made it to the end, and as the lights brightened again, she stood up shakily.

“You two should go,” Mikoto pointed out, and Uiharu blushed. Since Mikoto hadn’t said anything to her, maybe she thought her desperation wasn’t that obvious.

“Yes, let’s hurry,” Kuroko urged. However, as she rushed off to the toilets, she remembered her original plan. Because she wanted to wet herself in front of Mikoto, she picked a movie and a theater where she knew the restrooms would be absolutely packed. Sure enough, she was right, with a line already forming outside the ladies room.

That had been as intended. Her plan was to then teleport herself and Mikoto back to the dorm since the outing was over, and then pretend not to make it before rushing into the dorm’s toilet. Unfortunately, with Saten and Uiharu there, that wasn’t possible.

What do I do? I was so focused on holding it that I forgot about the plan!

Kuroko bounced and struggled as she fell into line behind Uiharu. She wouldn’t make it through the line at this rate. This wasn’t how this was supposed to go. She wanted to wet herself for Mikoto, but not in the middle of the theater, and not in front of all these people.

I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it!

Kuroko frantically looked around before spotting a side exit to the theater. It didn’t look like an emergency exit that would set off a fire alarm, so Kuroko rushed towards it, hands clamped between her legs. Mikoto watched her run off and yelled after her, but Kuroko didn’t have time. She rushed out of the theater and slipped into an alleyway out of sight.

She couldn’t even attempt to pull her panties down before the floodgates burst. A hot, powerful stream of pee practically exploded out of her, splashing onto the ground with quite a bit of force. Kuroko gasped, bracing herself against the wall as she lost control completely. She felt the hot liquid soak straight through her panties and spray between her legs, splashing her shoes and flowing down in small rivulets.

Behind her, she saw Mikoto round the corner and gasp at the sight. She let out a relieved sigh, both because of the sheer relief of finally getting to pee, and also because in the end, her plan had kind of worked. She was wetting herself in front of Mikoto.

The pressure in her abdomen finally began to subside, and Kuroko couldn’t help but throw her head back and melt into the blissful feeling of relief. She felt her knees buckle and she placed her free hand against one of them to support herself as she continued to pee at full force through her skirt and panties and onto the ground below.

Kuroko peed there for at least a minute before her flow finally started tapering off, slowing down to a stream, then intermittent dribbles, and finally it stopped, the only thing still falling to the puddle beneath her were the numerous drips from her wet panties, skirt, and legs.

“Kuroko…” Mikoto looked at her sadly.

“A-ah, I’m sorry, Onee-sama, I really had to go.”

Mikoto walked over to her, flicking her on the forehead, “That’s why I told you to go during the movie.”

“I thought I could make it. I just didn’t expect the line,” Kuroko lied.

“Are you okay?” Mikoto asked sincerely. Kuroko’s heart skipped a beat.

Onee-sama’s concerned about me! Ah, but I don’t want to make her feel bad over this.

“It’s fine, Onee-sama. I can just teleport back to the dorm and get myself cleaned up in no time,” Kuroko smiled, “Besides, the only one who saw me wet myself is you.”

“Well, as long as-” Mikoto stopped, placing a hand on her chin as if she was mulling something over in her mind, “Wait a minute… you didn’t do this on purpose, did you?”

“W-what?” Kuroko asked, shocked that Mikoto might’ve figured her out.

“You seem way too calm about this!” Mikoto accused, “Besides, you’ve never liked action movies so much that you’d risk wetting yourself just so you wouldn’t miss anything!”

“I-I I just got really into this one, that’s all!” Kuroko replied, taking a step back. Mikoto definitely seemed to regain some of that fire she lost, and she was now glaring at Kuroko.

“You were pretty restless the whole movie, and you didn’t go before we sat down, or before we left the cafe,” Mikoto pointed out, “And you knew the theater’s restrooms are always packed! I even warned you about it earlier!”

“I’m sorry, Onee-sama,” Kuroko apologized, bowing profusely.

“I can’t believe you’d wet yourself on purpose just to try to make me feel better!” Mikoto shouted in disbelief. She stepped forwards, careful to step around Kuroko’s puddle, and Kuroko braced herself, expecting an angry slap or a shock.

Instead, Mikoto chopped her head gently, and let out a heavy sigh.

“Dummy,” Mikoto spoke, her voice much softer and calmer now, “You didn’t have to do that, you know. Just spending time with you today made me feel better. But thank you, Kuroko.”

She hugged Kuroko, who turned bright red, on the verge of tears.

“Onee-samaaaaaa!"

Kuroko hugged her back tighter, and tighter, and after a few moments Mikoto pushed her off.

“Okay, that’s quite enough! Now go get yourself cleaned up back at the dorm, I’ll go find Saten and Uiharu. I won’t tell them you wet yourself, I’ll say you teleported back to the dorm to use the toilet.”

“Thank you, Onee-sama!” Kuroko smiled. She teleported away to do just that, leaving Mikoto alone in the alleyway with her puddle. Mikoto quickly left and went back into the theater to find Saten and Uiharu.

By the time Kuroko returned, Uiharu had somehow made it through the line, and she was waiting outside the theater with Mikoto. Apparently Saten was still in the theater, stuck playing one of the arcade games they had in the lobby.

“Welcome back,” Uiharu smiled, “I’m glad you made it!”

“Y-yeah,” Kuroko nodded, blushing slightly. Mikoto flashed her a knowing smile, and Kuroko finally understood what had gotten her down the past few days. Part of her wanted to crawl under a rock and hide forever.

“What should we do now? Want to grab dinner and talk about the movie?” Mikoto suggested.

“That sounds like a great idea!” Uiharu beamed, “I was really glued to my seat there, though I really should’ve gone before the movie started.”

Kuroko let out a small sigh of relief. At least it wasn’t JUST her diuretic that had led to Uiharu’s desperation.

“Now, we just have to wait until Saten gets out and-”

“U-i-ha-ru~!”

Saten had managed to come up to them without them noticing, and had planted herself firmly before Uiharu’s skirt. She flipped it up casually, and everyone caught a glimpse of Uiharu’s panties. Kuroko blushed and turned away immediately, but there was no denying it. They were wet.

S-S-SATEN!” Uiharu yelled, holding her skirt down and blushing furiously.

“Uiharu, you-” Mikoto began.

“I made it! I held it in! I made it to the toilet, I just… there was some… a little leaked out…” Uiharu blushed furiously, trembling so much that for a moment, Kuroko was afraid she would transcend dimensions and display some new esper ability, “This is all Saten’s fault!”

“S-s-sorry, Uiharu!” Saten apologized profusely, “I didn’t mean it! I’ll make it up to you! Next time, the cafe’s on me!”

As Uiharu continued pouting at Saten, the four girls set off towards the usual diner, eager to change the subject away from Uiharu’s panties, and back towards the movie. As Mikoto walked and laughed, Kuroko watched her happily, grateful that, even though the day hadn’t gone exactly like she had planned, that she had succeeded in cheering her up.

The End

