The pee strike

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-12-07 19:36

This story contains mostly mild BDSM, CNC roleplay and a bit of fantasy/magic because of superpowers.

Harold is a common height guy, he wears common clothes, nothing very appealing, he is discreet and shy, his overall personality is dark and shady, his hairs are dark brown and his skin is clear, and his eyes are green.

He open a door, and enter a house.

"Darling, I'm finally home." He says.

No one responds for a while, so he walks to the center of the kitchen and the lounge, where a big chimney stands against the wall of the house.

A woman is laying on the couch. She's asleep, in a layer of covers. The man sits on the couch near her thighs or knees, and he warmly hug her.

"Oh honey I didn't heard you, sorry..." She says when she open her eyes slowly.

She redress herself and lean up to reach his lips, and leave a kiss for him.

"Looks like you're more tired than we thought you would..." He says.

"No, no, I wanna do what we planned. Just leave me time to get up." She replies.

"Okay, alright." He responds.

Helena is a common height woman, she have brown hairs and brown eyes, she is just barely plump. She stretches her arms and yawns a bit. Then she gets up and tremble a bit.

"You're cold?" He asks.

"Yes, a bit." She replies.

"Wait, I'll help you." He respond.

The man gets up and walks to the chimney, then he snap his fingers and a sparkle lands on the wood of it, before he closes the glass of it. The fire grows, and the warmth start expanding in the air and ground of the house. The woman grab a glass of water and drinks a bit of its content.

"Thank you so much." She says.

"Don't worry, it's nothing. It is easier when you're the igniter." He giggles.

"Speaking of thunders... Are you okay if we play a bit?" She asks.

"You mean in my suit?" He asks.

"Yes. I feel so needy right now. I could really take a favor of yours." She states.

"Alright, I'll be there in a second." He replies.

The man gets up and walks away, until he disappear bythrough a corridor. She gets up and put the glass of water on the low table, still a bit leaving water, and it starts to be less and less attracted by the gravity. Its content start to wander out of the glass, like in an spaceship in orbit.

The next instant a thunder make itself heard in the house behind her. She turns around and find a figure, buzzing and vibrating, and a strange low frequency sound made by its trembles.

"Veloce! You're here again?" She shout, scared. "What do you want from me exactly this time?!?"

"I won't do anything to you this time." A distorted voice replies, in a multi key tone vibration.

"Why are you here for then?" She shout.

"I want you to feel humiliated. I want you to feel ridiculous. I want you to suffer." The evil voice replies.

The green figure starts to have electric arcs spawning around him on his green suit, the lights of them are green, and the eyes of his are purple, they are quite bright purple, shining and blinking in a strong, frightening light. He also have a V in a ring on his chest and it is grounded by white behind the letter.

"Get away! You won't obtain anything from me today!" She shout, afraid.

The man in green grab her and pull her against the wall, while he was meters away from her the tenth of a second ago.

"You know the powers of my true stir are unstoppable." He tell her. "Why would you try to resist to me?"

He holds her strongly against the wall, but she don't try to escape in any way.

"I don't wanna risk to try to avoid you... But don't hurt me please..." She begs him.

"I won't hurt you. You're going to hurt you yourself." He replies.

He grabs her again and place her on the wooden low table, standing up, he disappear in a lightning strike that gets in the kitchen and comes back near her in a instant. He holds a plastic glass, and there is water in it.

"What you're going to do with that?" She asks, in an afraid tone.

"I'm going to make you lose yourself." He replies, hidden behind the mask that don't show his face, as only his eyes can be seen behind glasses of his helmet.

"Oh no, don't do that, this is so degrading!" She begs in whines.

"Get your clothes out of the way." He orders firmly.

"Yes master." She complies.

She gets her pants and panties pulled down, showing to him her bare darkhaired slit and her big natural lips, then she lifts her pajama's shirt until she can reveal to him her small, perky, slightly sided pointing breasts.

"Do you like them?" She asks shyly.

"They are wonderful. You are very pretty my pet." He replies in his strong voice.

When the man in green looks down, he can see her panties are damp and she is positively dripping wet. His hand vibrates, and he get it closer and closer to her naked belly.

The second he touch it, his hand and the glass disappear throughout her lowerbelly, he slowly turns his hand inside of her to pour the content inside her, then he get his hand outside of her.

"How do you feel pet?" He asks, curious.

"I need to pee..." She whimpers gently.

"I like to heard that." He confess.

He rushes to the kitchen and back to her again in a lightning strike of an instant, the small container newly full again. The woman shivers a bit with the wind of the movement. Helena don't really have to go to the point of being desperate, but her bare cunt and the fresh air flowing on her bush make her needs a bit more that she should be.

"If you do that I may leak in my pants and panties!" She whines.

"That is what you're going to have to fight against unless you want it to happen." He smirks inside his helmet.

He repeat the process, vibrating his hand through her, pouring the liquid in her bladder, turning his hand back up again before getting it out, the container being empty when it comes out of her.

"How do you feel?" He asks again.

"I have to go..." She replies shyly.

He snaps a finger near her chest and a tiny thunder strikes her. It is certainly not stronger than a regular electrification you can feel whenever you touch a random object, but the sudden move makes its effect on Helena, and she really likes that as she moans at the electric charge.

"Describe yourself!" He shout.

"I won't hold it very long master! I have to go so much! I feel my bladder is quite full!"

"Don't lie!" He shout. "I know your capacity is almost 4 glasses! I did put only two for now!"

"But it is though! I really really have to go now! I were not empty when you came here already..." She explains.

"Oh. I see. Sorry my pet." He corrects himself in his normal voice, totally out of his villain roleplay, as he actually care for her a lot of course.

"It's okay. You can edge me if you wanna." She proposes out of roleplay too.

"Yes, that's a good idea." He responds.

He place the glass on the table and slowly, gently touch her bush. She grind on his hands as soon as she can, she feels her eager, needy button in heat, craving for more.

"Stop." He orders her firmly. "Stay still."

"Mhhh." She whines, and stop to move, reluctantly.

"Thats it pet. You can only receive. I do the moves here." He says firmly.

As he command her she shudder, and a little spurt gets out of her. It lands on her panties, and wet them a bit more as they were already. The green guy sighs in sight of this moment.

"You like that huh? When a bad guy dominates you?" He asks.

"Mhhh. Hmm Hm..." She replies quietly in her mouth while moaning.

"You like that uh-huh... When I tell you I own you. You're my pet. I do whatever I want with you." He says playfully.

He start to fastly tremble his thumb on her special spot, using his powers to make his fingers act like a vibrator. She moan loudly in answer to that, and almost can't hold it anymore.

"No... I can't... Hold it..." She whines.

Another spurt gushes out of her, and lands in her underwears. The noise of it is beautiful to hear. She shudder and let out a new gush again, then she can regain control of herself.

"Please master let me go properly, please, I really can't hold it longer!" She cries. "I'm so close, I'm gonna lose it if I climax!"

"That is your problem my pet." He giggles evilly happy about it.

Then she breath in in surprise, and look down at her bush, shocked a bit. The pee start coming out of her again, in a wild, strong rush, flowing out of her like as she was squirting by an orgasm. He stops his vibration and start to subtly touch her, to still make her orgasming but not overloading her increasing sensitivity.

The pee, pretty clear but not as water, since she was not empty before the fillment, forcefully strikes the panties of hers, and then it overloads and rivulet in her pants, that shows a growing wetpatch, which gets to her knees and long socks fastly.

After a little time, she have finished peeing, she is now empty. The green man disappear in a instant, leaving her to herself. She is awfully blushing, very flustered from what just happened.

"Hi honey. Are you okay?" A voice asks behind her.

She turns around and smiles.

"Yes of course I am." She says.

"Was I good?" He asks curious about his acting.

"It was tremendous my love. You almost truly scared me at some points, that made me so excited, and you made me finish, that's so nice of you but... You didn't edge me for very long..." She says, happily.

"Oh? Because you think the evening is already over?" He smirks. "Veloce got his slice of the cake, but now, it's my turn right?"

He can't get off his green eyes from her naked self, while he comes close to her, and kiss her. She let her hands wander on his commonly clothed body and she feels he is absolutely surely excited right now. He sighs when she cleverly touch him. He lean close to her ear.

"And you know how many times I need to be done before being satisfied..." He whispers.

"Oh darling, I'm so lucky you reload in a minute... This night is going to be sportier than I thought huh?" She playfully says before she smirks.

He smiles at her and they kiss again.

