The Corridor

Author: stayhydrated

*000*2024-01-10 18:52

Hey guys, here's my first ever fic. it takes heavy inspiration from a trendy game called "the exit 8" that i've seen a couple of creators play.

Might make some slight edits to it if i (or any of you) catch any typos. posting this at 2AM when my brain has been absolutely deep fried from writing all this self-indulgent nonsense all at once leaves me with no energy left to proof-read.

Hope you all enjoy 🙂

======

It was past 10PM, a live show at a local bar deep downtown had just wrapped up.

The band had gone their separate ways as they all lived in separate places.

One of which was Jules, a young black woman in her early 20’s who was the guitarist of the band.

She wore a plain white t-shirt, some loose-fitting light blue jeans, red Chuck Taylors, and a red plaid shirt tied around her waist. Her long curly black hair was all tied back into one big afro ponytail.

She carried her guitar on her back, one which she treasured dearly ever since she got it as a gift from her loving parents on her 18th birthday just as she was about to bust out and live on her own.

The city’s subway system was how she got around town. It wasn’t the prettiest of options, but she wasn’t comfortable with the idea of sitting alone in the back of a stranger’s car especially this late at night. Besides, her phone’s battery was dead anyway.

As she took her seat in the subway train, she began to feel an urge down from her bladder. She had a quick pee break during the gig, but downed plenty of water since. It was a packed venue and the lights certainly weren’t helping, so she needed to keep herself hydrated from the all the heat.

Not a problem to her, as her place was just only a few blocks a way from the station. She could take care of that before finally collapsing on her bed and snooze for 12 hours straight, sweat-ridden clothes and all.

Some time later, the train finally reached Jules’ stop, or so she thought it was.

Walking out the train, she climbed up the stairs and...

...wait a second, this doesn’t look right.

She remembered being led to the right as soon as she reached the top of the stairs. What she instead saw was a long well-lit corridor with not a single soul to be found. It seemed immaculate, quite a drastic change from the dingy old corridors she was used to.

She knew that the station was going to be renovated soon, but no way would it happen this quickly. Deciding to check if this was indeed the right stop, Jules turned around and went back down the stairs.

But the stairs kept going and going and going and going and going...

The bottom landing couldn’t be seen from where she stood, yet somehow she could clearly see the top of the stairs. Almost as if she never progressed any futher than she perceived.

Jules had never been this confused her whole life, and she’s heard some pretty baffling excuses from the band’s frontman.

She groaned and turned around to climb back up the stairs. Her urge to pee was only getting stronger by the minute, there was no time to waste.

This strangely sterile place lead her to a corridor with rather particular details.

To her left was a bunch of advertisements for products that she never remembered existing at all.

“Stunseed-flavored” soda?

Watches that counted 48 hours?

A “wireless” portable toilet? (which admittedly she would love to have at this very moment)

There was also an ad about an upcoming sequel to a movie that was never meant to have one, but Hollywood these days amirite?

To her right was a set of two doors, both of which were off-limits to the general public. Most likely for both the maintenance crew and the security staff respectively.

Above these two doors was a pair of vents.

While observing these little details, she hears someone making their way down the corridor. She turns her head to the sight of a balding man busy looking at his phone.

Jules found it hard to speak to random strangers for anything; but with no other options for help, she decided to ask the man anyway.

“Uhh...e-excuse me sir? C-could you help me please?” she stuttered nervously.

The man doesn’t respond and walked right past her, like as if he couldn’t hear anything.

She tried to get his attention more, but to no avail. The man simply acted as if she didn’t exist.

Jules sighed in frustration, and continued forward.

At the end of this corridor was a left turn, followed by a much shorter corridor that lead to a right turn.

Maybe she could eventually find a way out this herself if she just kept calm. Her fatigue and her bladder could wait for a bit.

Continuing to move forward, she wondered if she was in a dream.

She had heard of lucid dreaming from the band’s bassist, but assumed it was just another one of the bassist’s ramblings based on all the weird stuff he has read about online.

But a part of her was starting to think there was at least some sense in his ramblings.

Then again, she doesn’t remember falling asleep on the train. Despite being drained from a long gig, she tried her hardest to keep her eyes peeled for the moment the train was nearing her stop.

As she was about to get lost in thought, she quickly snapped out of it as soon as she realized that she was back in the same corridor once again.

Now this was getting really weird, wasn’t she just here earlier?

She shook her head and opened her eyes wide, looking all around the place. It definitely was the same place.

Footsteps could be heard once again, the same man on his phone came around the corner.

“What the fuck?” she said out loud, knowing that the man wasn’t going to hear her anyway.

Same ads to the left, same doors on the right.

But something was off, a strange black liquid was seeping out of one of the vents. There wasn’t any smell, but surely something was really wrong if an unknown substance came out of them.

She’d investigate this anomaly a bit more, but she had more pressing issues at hand.

Her bladder was starting to ache badly.

Jules started moving up and down, arms stiff at her sides, hands curled up into fists. Just those first bits of visible desperation. She can’t help but breathe sharply as she was fighting her bladder.

She started to run as soon as the pressure eased off. Maybe she might find a toilet in here somewhere; if a hallway could repeat itself, then anything seemed possible at this point.

As soon as she got to the end of the corridor and went around those two exact same turns, she was back in yet another instance of the corridor.

The frantic woman groaned loudly, she had no time for whatever games this non-euclidean space was playing.

Not helping matters was the guitar on her back, putting a strain on her body. She had some thoughts of dropping it to ease her pain, but she swore to never let go of it. No amount of money could ever replace it.

She had to keep moving, she was dead set on not coming home with soggy pants.

Awkwardly striding with her legs still pointed inwards, Jules made her way to the end of the corridor and went through yet another set of turns...

...only to see the exact same hallway, but with seemingly nothing odd this time.

Her bladder suddenly started aching a bit more as soon as she had set foot in this “new” corridor. Jules was outright bewildered to what was going on. No way would a bladder fill up so quickly in such a short amount of time.

The guitarist had begun to lose hope for her dignity. It seemed like whoever was responsible for this non-euclidean nightmare was playing a sick prank on her...or was doing it to satisfy their own twisted fantasies.

She decided to lean against the wall on her right for a bit, cross her legs, and bury her left hand down her crotch in a desperate attempt to hold it all back.

Her bladder situation had gotten worse than ever before, like she could pee herself at any given moment if she were to move any more.

She had her head held up high, her eyes shut tight, and her teeth gritted hard. It felt like every inch of her body was working together to make that sure she wasn’t going to wet herself.

Thoughts of just pulling her pants down and peeing on the floor had crossed her mind for a bit, but then something caught her eyes.

Just across her was a poster with a set of two eyes printed on it, and some text below reminding people about the security cameras watching over them.

Was it there before?

And...was it staring back at her?

The same balding man showed up once again, only this time he was staring back at her too.

“G-guys, c-can you please stop looking at me like that?” she said sheepishly. Deeply ashamed that she’s making her predicament quite obvious, like as if she hadn’t been potty trained properly in her youth.

As usual, no response.

Jules eventually continued, but she just had to check that poster that she thought was staring at her.

It still had her eyes on her.

She was taken aback, so much so that she spurted a bit of urine out. Her plain white panties had been completely ruined, and even made a small wet spot on her jeans.

“SHIT!”

The wet feeling on her crotch was very noticeable, and she quickly threw both of her hands down to cover her wet spot.

She knew those eyes had seen her mess; probably enjoying it too, much to her chagrin.

While this little leak may have taken some pressure off, the pain was still unbearable. It was going to be a matter of time before the floodgates would burst open.

At this point, Jules was fighting a losing battle. She couldn’t care anymore about the strange anomalies surrounding her and decided to run back from where she came from.

Her running had disturbed her bladder, causing it to leak sporadically and causing the wet patch on her jeans to grow just a bit more.

Running back to the previous corridor, the scenery had changed.

Instead of the usual little decor previously seen, she sees some restrooms before her.

At last, a chance to save what was left of her dignity.

Jules never thought she’d be this happy to see such a commonplace facility ever.

She was so happy that she could...

...uh oh.

Jules could feel her bladder give in as she froze in place. She doubled over once again and desperately gripped her crotch in a vain attempt to hold back the impending flood.

“P-please...no! Not now!”

Pent up urine started gushing out, streaming down her pants, pooling down on the tiled flooring below her. Some of it even seeped into her socks and favorite pair of shoes.

“NO! FFFFFFFFFUCK!”

She was peeing herself.

Letting go of her crotch, Jules looked down in horror at her own accident.

Her comfy pair of jeans had been soaked.

Jules slouched and sighed in defeat. It was the greatest relief that she had ever felt, yet also was the deepest shame.

As her bladder emptied, she took a few steps back and was mortified by the puddle she made. Not helping was the icky feeling of pee-soaked socks and shoes.

She never expected her night to turn out like this, coming from having the time of her life playing in front of a live audience to suddenly feeling vulnerable all seemingly in a snap.

Thankfully no one was around to see any of this, but that didn’t take away from the fact that she had just wet herself.

She looked back over her shoulder and saw the familiar-looking pathway which lead her back to the outside world.

Her home maybe a few blocks from the station, but it was going to be a long walk home for her in a such a state like this.

Stiffly walking out the station, she looked back to it once again...only to see the same old station she had been used to seeing.

No way was this all a dream, was it?

###

“Sheesh, did you really have to torment her like that? That felt a bit more drawn out than the other wettings we executed today.”

“...I liked her style, that’s all.”

*002*2024-01-12 10:04

Can't say for sure, but jules as well as the two unnamed characters will be some of the recurring characters for my omo stories.

