Helpless wetting (One Shot)

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2017-11-09 18:08

Cold... damp... dark.... There's noise, sounds like a ferry boats horn, and an engine on its last hundred miles or so...

I open my eyes to see pitch black darkness, a type of darkness that creeps into your soul and vanquishes all hope. I try to move but, I'm chained up. My slinder hands being forced above my head by the restraints. my legs were forced apart by another cold metal chain. All my senses were unable to detect anything through the smell of feces, vomit, and a smell of rotting meat. The smell alone was enough to make me gag. I tasted the stench in my mouth as well; even breathing through my nose didn't help ease the horrid taste the stale air created. I could tell we were moving from the sound of a heavy engine moving.

I fight at my restraints to no success, I felt a familiar pain in my bladder, I had to urinate awfully bad.

Crank...Slam!

"Hello there my precious merchandise. You are going to make me rich. I was told you were to arrive unharmed, but; he never said I couldn't have a little fun with you."

The man clicked on a ceiling light I could see my surroundings, I was in a small room with flys and maggots crawling and flying around buckets of human waste. The man crouched infront of me pulling out a small switchblade knife. He cut the strings of my top and sports bra to reveal my small b cup breasts. He just smiled, this wasn't a comforting smile. This was the smile of a madman. "I'm normally not into dark meat" he says with a laugh. "I'm sure, I could make an exception this time though."

I stared at him unable to speak or scream, the knife gently grazing across my flesh not cutting me. Just touching my skin. He grabbed my chest playing with my breasts and slowly worked his was down to my pants. I felt a warm sensation begin to spread down my legs. Starting at my groin, and slowly pooling around my buttocks, before running to the floor creating a puddle underneath me. "Aww, the princess had an accident, no matter. The smell will just tenderize the meat for whats about to happen to you" He said grinning ear to ear before walking back out the door clicking off the light as he left.

I wept, I knew that no matter what happened. I was not going to see my family,friends or loved ones again. I was going to be sold. For what purpose I didn't know. I only hoped it was less humiliating than this.

*002*2017-11-10 22:35

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

Quite dark, but well written! I liked it.

}}

Thank you :)

*004*2017-11-11 03:13

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I liked the wetting part, though the rest was a little dark for my tastes

}}

Lol thank you, I tend to have a dark writing style. I"ll try to write less dark stuff in the future.

