A Postponed Date

Author: silvermoon

*000*2021-03-29 09:14

So, this isn't meant to be sexual, and is based on a dream I've had a few times I've wet the bed. In the dream, I was Amy Rose from the Sonic the Hedgehog series, and that's who this short story stars. Apologies for any rust, I've never really written stories like this before.

###

Her name was Amy Rose, and she was a pink hedgehog from the planet Mobius. Wearing a red dress with a wide skirt, a pair of red shoes with a white stripe down the middle, a pair of white cotton panties with a white bow on the front, and a matching bra. Walking along a forest path, she was annoyed. Sonic was late to their date, and after an hour of waiting, she had gone searching for him and had learned from Tails that he was in a nearby forest warming up for a race. To be fair, Sonic hadn't said "yes" to their date, but he hadn't said "no" either, which she had decided to assume meant he would be there.

She felt a pang from her bladder as she walked along the path, but ignored it. Finding Sonic was much more important to her, she could go to the bathroom later. She continued to walk along the forest path, occasional pangs from her bladder that she kept ignoring. She arrived at a clearing ten minutes later, the pang in her bladder a constant now. But she hardly noticed, her thoughts were centered on Sonic, who she now saw in the clearing before her, running laps in a figure-eight movement around two trees. She would have interrupted him, but thought it would be more sweeter if she watched him from the edge of the clearing, so that he would notice her and realize his prior commitment, and then of course he'd be a gentleman and try to make it up to her! So she stood there at the edge of the clearing, watching Sonic run back and forth, back and forth, imagining the great date that surely lay ahead. She had completely forgotten she still needed to use the restroom.

Watching Sonic was soothing, and her daydream gave way to focusing on his movements. The pang in her bladder was gone now, replaced with a discomfort that lingered on the edge of her thoughts, which were occurring less and less as she continued to watch Sonic, her breathing slowing down as she stubbornly awaited an outcome that would never happen. She leaned forward, her arms going limp as she continued to watch Sonic. The posture alleviated some of the pressure in her bladder, though without additional pressure from her hands would never hold it in.

Sonic finally noticed her a half-hour later, when he had finished warming up for his race with Silver (dreams are weird). She was watching him with glazed eyes, the only thing keeping her bladder full being years of potty training. Sonic instantly ran up to her, knowing exactly what she was here for: that date he had no interest in.

"Forget about it, Amy," he said. "Just let it go."

He boosted past her, sending her dress flying upwards as he ran to his race with Silver. Normally, Amy would have quickly pressed her dress down and yelled out Sonic's name in annoyance or even anger. But hypnotized from watching Sonic run back and forth for a prolonged period of time, Amy's mind instead was struggling to interpret Sonic's words. Obviously, he was talking about their date. And while Amy's conscious mind realized this, her subconscious mind rejected it, and chose to interpret his words differently.

Amy let out a short gasp of surprise as her conscious mind briefly realized what was about to happen.

"Forget about it...." she said dazedly, her conscious mind's thought process promptly erased by her subconscious along with any associated memories.

"Just let it go...." she continued in the same dazed voice, as all those years of potty training were briefly forgotten, relaxing her bladder's muscles and sending all the urine formerly contained within into her cotton panties.

"Ooooohhh...." she sighed in relief as she sank to her knees, the bliss from relieving her stressed bladder deepening the trance she was already in, and perhaps permanently weakening her future bladder control. She stared at the ground with a blank look in her eyes and a dopey smile on her face as the urine soaked her panties, the warmth contributing to the pleasant feeling she was experiencing from the trance as it leaked from her underwear and slid down her legs. As her subconscious mind's thoughts began to fade away into the trance as well, it burnt one memory into the fabric of her mind. Were Sonic ever to say "Let it go." to her again, it would brink back this bliss.

Fin

