En Aulidi

Author: satyr

*005*2016-10-14 14:45

Thank you! Another chapter!

Chapter 3: Positive Charge

Sasha was dressed very nearly like she would at home, in jeans and a light shirt. The only difference was her padded underwear. The thing was clearly meant to be disposable, a luxury she didn't have when she was in diapers the first time. She supposed life at court was like that: very much like normal life, but everything was a little extra, except the hardship and responsibility. Her jeans had holes in them on her upper thighs, which gave an embarrassing open window into the childish garment she was wearing underneath. “I thought court life was a little more luxurious,” Sasha had told her maid. “These pants are worn out!”

“They're new. They were made that way,” Neutria informed her.

“Who the hell makes new pants with holes in them?”

“I don't know. It's fashion,” Neutria said and shrugged.

Now they were on their way up to the parapets, and then the stairs opened up to a kind of garden overlooking the city: potted plants, small trees even, lined the floor. The view was stunning: far down below, the sun sparkled on azure waters, and she could see all the ships in the harbor. Houses sprawled out under the shadow of the tower and into the sun. This vantage point revealed the lack of planning that had gone into the city: streets joined and split with no higher order, and there were semicircles, diagonals, and straight lines all jumbled together.

She liked that, though; it gave the city a lived-in feel, like it was some organic being, breathing and growing like an animal and not like some industrial machine. Neutria had brought her up here not to admire the view, though, but to meet the other ladies. Sasha felt herself blush as a dozen pairs of women took in her olive skin, her black hair, and surely couldn't help but notice the white diaper—her diaper—poking out of those gods-damned holes in her pants. Fashion. Bite me. Most of the ladies were dressed in very little at all: two of them lay there on their backs nude except for the big diapers encasing their crotches, soaking in the sunlight, and others were sat in just shirts and underwear. One had on short shorts. All of them were in their late teens or early twenties, like herself, and there wasn't an ugly one among them.

“Ladies,” Neutria said, “this is the Prince's newest companion, Sasha.”

“Hi,” Sasha said.

“Sasha, what kind of name is that?” Said one of the girls who was all but nude, raising herself to a sitting position.

“Not Hellenic, that's for sure,” said another.

“Why would the Prince need a foreign whore when he has us?” A third, a woman who looked like she might well be the oldest of them, with freckles on her face and a devious smile.

“Ladies, please,” said Neutria, holding her hands out as if in a peace offering.

“Alexandra,” Sasha said. She spoke loudly, meeting their eyes in turn. She hadn't really thought of it, but Sasha assumed they would resent another piece of meat competing for the Prince's affection. One day he would ascend to the throne and then he would need to choose a wife, and all the others would be relegated to secondary status. “My name is Alexandra,” she repeated. “Sasha, for short. It means—”

“Yeah, yeah, we know what it means,” said the older woman.

“It means 'Defender of Men',” Sasha continued. “But I don't suppose any of you have ever had to fend for yourselves.”

Neutria was by her side quickly. “Might want to tone it down,” she whispered. “These girls may look harmless, but they don't fuck around.”

Sasha was fuming, fists clenched by her sides, but luckily, she was rescued by one of the younger women, a slender little thing—one of the semi-nude sunbathers. “Hi, Sasha,” she said, and got up to meet her. “I'm Alexandra too! You can call me Alex.” Alex grabbed Sasha's hand and led her past the other women. “Do you want some tea?”

“Please.”

Alex poured her a glass from a mug that was stood on a low table. Then they walked on, away from the others, to admire the view from the parapets.

“Don't mind them,” said Alex. “They're all jealous little bitches.” The tea was cool and refreshing, and it wasn't until she had finished her glass that Sasha realized it would have to come out soon. She shook the thought away. What she needed to do was come up with some kind of plan. She needed to coexist somehow with all these concubines, she needed to somehow gain the favor of the Prince, and she needed to maintain her dignity in the process. Sasha didn't know what she would have done if her father hadn't all but forced her to take up the invitation. Probably she would have chosen to go her own way. Try her hand at the sports promotion business—she was sure Konstantinos would have hired her after she sold out the agora—or at worst, continue on as a courier. Maybe even apprentice to become a scribe. But to be here, now, living a life of luxury but totally dependent on the favors of some fickle noble?

“You look like you're thinking of something,” said Alex.

“What I'm giving up to be here, I guess.”

“Giving up? You're rich now! You'll have more than you'd have anywhere else!”

My freedom. She almost said it, but held her tongue. These girls, as far as she understood, were all born nobles. They'd never experienced anything else. To them, it was obvious that there could be no better life than what they were living. They probably considered themselves enlightened for even noticing the enormous privileges they held over the common woman in the streets. They didn't think for a second that they were losing something by being here, locked up, serving themselves up to the Prince when he felt like it. And pissing their pants whenever. Hell, to them that was probably just another luxury. “I guess it's all a little much at once,” she said instead. Perhaps that was a feeling Alex would more readily identify with.

“I hear you,” said Alex. “I only came here six months ago. I used to live on my father's estate in the countryside. We used to go riding in the forest! I miss that.” So she is human after all.

“You ride?”

“I loved it!”

“I used to be a courier,” Sasha said. “And a damn fast one, too.”

Alex giggled. It was a childish noise, like an excitable toddler. But there was something endearing to it. It felt genuine. “Sounds fun! I wish I could ride all day.”

So do I. Although I'm not sure your delicate sensibilities would enjoy riding two day's distance in a night and then back again in the morning.

“Do you meet the Prince often?” Sasha asked.

“Never.”

“Never? Not once in six months?”

“He has his favorites.” Alex shrugged. “I wouldn't know what to do anyway. With, you know. To please him.”

“You're really the face of innocence, aren't you?” Sasha put a hand on the younger girl's shoulder. “I like you.”

Neutria coughed behind them. Sasha turned away from the sparkling afternoon sun to face her. “You have an audience,” Neutria whispered. “The Prince wants to see you.”

“He wants to see me? Today?”

“Right now. Come,” and then she was dragged away from her new friend, into a new series of corridors. Alex had been there for half a year and never met the Prince, and here she was on her first day. Sasha could only hope that meant good things were in store for her. Once they reached the end of the hall, they were met by two armed guards. One of them unlocked a heavy chain, and then the other cranked on a handle to open the heavy oaken door.

“You're now outside the women's quarters,” Neutria said.

Of course they would be locked in. But of course. Another guard met them on the other side of the door and led them via a winding series of corridors and stairs further up the castle. Finally, they stood in front of a doorframe that was curiously lacking a door; only a purple curtain separated her from the room inside. That, and four armed guards. One of the guards knocked on the doorframe, and a deep voice from inside said, “You may enter.”

A nervous feeling not unlike the one she had before her daring stunt in the agora spread across Sasha's chest. She had never even seen a photograph of the Prince, and she didn't know what to say, how to act, how to gain his favor. Steeling herself, she pictured the moment she knew she had made it, the moment she spurred the horse to run to the left, away from the javelin—when she knew she would not die. That had been a glorious moment. Sasha raised her chin, blinked back a tear which had gotten lost somewhere, and entered. Neutria followed, but disappeared into a different room off to the side.

Sasha assumed she was meant to continue in, past another set of purple curtains. Then she was stood in what appeared to be a combination of study and bedroom. A large bed with tall bedposts stretching up to the ceiling stood in one end of the room. The other walls were lined with bookshelves. There was a telescope pointed out an open window, and various electric machinery which she didn't recognize. One had a reflective surface, like a black mirror, connected to various bits and pieces, taking up five by five paces in one corner of the room. Beside the bed stood a little table, and there, with a shirtless back to her, sat the Prince—so she assumed—bent over a manuscript of some sort.

“Uh, hello,” Sasha said. “Your Highness.”

“Welcome,” the Prince said, without looking up from his manuscript. “Tell me, are you housebroken?”

The diaper around her legs would indicate the opposite. It gave her difficulties gathering her legs completely. She had to stand slightly bow-legged, like a sailor. “You mean, like a dog?” Sasha immediately regretted it the moment she said it. Was this the proper way to speak to a prince? “I mean… Yes?”

The Prince laughed, then turned around to face her. He had soft features, soft nose, clean-shaven, muscled chest, some kind of wide pants on, bare feet. Dirty blonde hair. An attractive fellow, for sure. “You may undress,” he said. “There is a bathrobe on the bed.”

Sasha picked it up. It was a burgundy silk robe and looked like it would cost her a year's worth of salaries to buy at the market, if they even sold such things in the open. It was incredibly soft.

Undressing in front of a man was always a charged experience, a moment filled with the charge of Protos, first mover and god of lovemaking. She decided to make it count. She was, after all, a concubine now. She might as well begin seducing him right away. But as she unbuttoned her shirt, to her surprise the Prince turned away from her and focused back on his manuscript. She hurried up with the change, although she made sure a generous portion of cleavage was exposed. Unfortunately, there was nowhere for her to dispose of the dry diaper. To her annoyance, she already felt a twinge in her bladder.

The Prince rescued her from humiliation by instructing her to bring her clothes to the adjoining bathroom. She gathered her things and ran in there. While she was there, she took the opportunity to get her business over with. Sitting on the porcelain chair was a luxury compared to the stinking outhouse. The bathroom smelled of something—lavender, perhaps—and there was a bathtub in a corner. It was all very clean, with a marble sink and a large mirror. Sasha had no time to admire herself, though. She had a Prince to impress.

“Come here,” the Prince said when she returned. “I want to show you something.”

She walked over to where he sat, hunched over the manuscript.

“What do you see?”

“Words,” she said, stupidly.

“Very good,” he said, with a labored sweetness. “What else?”

“It's old, clearly,” Sasha said. She blushed. “I don't read.”

“You don't know how to read? Not even your own name?”

“I recognize it. It's actually an advantage in my trade,” she said.

“How could it ever be an advantage not to be able even to write your own name?”

“My employers liked it when they knew I couldn't read the messages I carried for them.”

“I see,” said the Prince. “Well, you disappoint me.” Already? “I thought you were clever. Daring.”

“I'm not stupid,” Sasha said. “I just couldn't afford an education.”

He turned to face her. “Very well,” he said. “At least you're housebroken.”

He took her hand and moved them both to the bed. “Is it really necessary?” Sasha asked. “The diapers?”

“I'm afraid so. This is a result of centuries of improper breeding.”

“Improper breeding?” She asked, incredulous.

“Cousins mating with cousins, brothers with sisters, that sort of thing. That's why we need fresh blood, if we want to survive. The old guard thinks it's paramount to preserve the royal blood. They don't see that they're doing the opposite. That manuscript there, it's a copy of a copy of an old text on genetics. The code of life. I've been studying the classics lately. We've forgotten so much.”

“My grandmother said they used to send men to the moon from the tower,” Sasha said. She felt like a little girl for saying it. He was only a few years older than her. Thirty at most. Yet in his presence she felt more like a daughter than, well, a concubine. “But I don't believe any of it.”

“It's true,” said the Prince. “If the old books are right, it's true. We used to sail to the stars. Now look at us.” He had a wistful look on his face.

His arm had found its way around her shoulders. She looked over, and their eyes met for a second. She cast her eyes down, then up again, eyelashes aflutter. He was still looking into her eyes, then he broke away. She felt her cheeks heat up.

“I've been reading old manuscripts,” said the Prince. “Books so dangerous that I'd be executed for even owning them, if I were anyone else. The ancients had a very different view of things. Things we see as magic were commonplace for them. But it's their view of women in particular that intrigues me. That's why I wanted to meet you.”

“I talked to one of the girls,” Sasha said. “She said she'd been here for six months, and never saw you.”

“I grow tired of them. It's like a henhouse in there, from what I'm told. What do you think?”

“I think if you lock birds in a cage and cut off their wings, they're either gonna wither and die, or they'll fight. They sure as sh—they certainly won't soar to the sky.”

Their eyes met again. He'd had a glazed over look, like he wasn't entirely there, but now there was a fire in his eyes. “I've made a decision,” the Prince said. “I believe you. I don't think you're stupid, I think you're uneducated. You can educate a girl, but women are born. Or perhaps they are forged by the fates—another one of the things the ancients loved to debate. But I see potential. Come here,” he said, and gestured toward the table. He cleared away the manuscript and laid a piece of paper and a fountain pen in front of her. “Let's practice,” he said, and began drawing letters.

For the next hour, they practiced letters. The Prince went through the entire alphabet and had her sound out short words, stuttering at first, until she could get them fluently, although she would stumble anytime she met a word whose letters were unfamiliar. By the end of the hour, as the evening sun began to fade away, she had learned how to write her own name, and the sentence I will learn. Then, with a smirk, he taught her how to write the word fuck.

“Come back tomorrow at the same time,” the Prince said. “We'll practice some more letters.”

As if on cue, Neutria appeared again and led her to the bathroom, where she was once more encased in humiliating underwear, and then they were on their way back to the women's quarters.

“That's the longest audience he's had in a long time,” Neutria said. “And I didn't hear a single moan.”

“You were eavesdropping!” Sasha punched her maid in the arm.

“I can't help you if I don't know what's going on,” Neutria said, a smile on her lips.

“I think he likes me.”

“Who would have thought? Maybe the way to his heart doesn't go through his dick after all,” Neutria said.

Come back tomorrow.

*006*2016-10-26 23:08

Chapter 4: Wax Electric

Aeneas had begun taking her to the bathroom twice a day, morning and evening. This routine had allowed Agatha to avoid messy accidents. Only once these past two weeks had she woken up messy. Normally, this wouldn't have bothered her. She would have waited until Persephone came in the morning to clean her up. But Aeneas had made her accidents into something shameful. She really wanted to please him, but her body just wouldn't cooperate. Agatha had begun crying, and her sobs had woken up her husband. Sniffing the air, a dark look had passed over his face, and then he cursed under his breath. But seeing how upset she was, he'd taken Agatha into his arms and held her until she stopped crying. Aeneas was clearly inexperienced with such displays of emotion; not knowing what else to do, he awkwardly stroked her hair. “I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Agatha had repeated. “It was an accident, I swear!”

He had whispered to her that it would be okay, and then he'd given her the gentlest change he'd ever done. It was almost like having Persephone change her. He cleaned her bottom, and then he paid special attention to her crotch. As his fingers passed over her slit, Agatha couldn't stifle a moan. Flustered, blushing, Aeneas quickly finished her change.

At least something good came out of her accident. Later that day, the doorbell rang—electric powered, naturally; Agatha was surprised by how fast she had gotten used to it—and Aeneas told her to go open it. This was the first time since she arrived that he'd encouraged her to do so; usually when he got visitors, they were army men, and Aeneas told her to keep to herself in another room. It was almost like he was ashamed of her. But this time, he had her open the door, and there stood Persephone. It was sweet of him to bring her over, Agatha thought. She was so happy to see her friend, her former maid, that she greeted her with a kiss on the lips. When she realized what she'd done, Agatha blushed and covered her mouth with her hand.

“Easy there, tiger,” Persephone had said. “You're a married woman!” Then she giggled.

The very first thing Persephone did was lift up Agatha's skirt and cup a feel for her diaper. It was a practiced, familiar move. She'd done it innumerable times as Agatha grew up. But this time, it felt almost naughty. Agatha giggled, then lifted her skirt and did a pirouette to show off for Persephone.

“You are definitely wet,” Persephone said. “Come along, tiger,” and she'd extended her hand. Agatha blushed and took it. Together they walked into the bedroom, and then Persephone swiftly changed her. When she got to the middle of Agatha's diaper area, Agatha took her hand and held it against her crotch. Persephone smiled, and then she continued cleaning Agatha up, but lingered over her diaper area far longer than was necessary.

Agatha moaned. It felt so good! But again, her pleasure was cut short, as Persephone blushed and taped her up. Just like her husband. Agatha knew, of course, about masturbation, although she'd never done it. Maybe she needed to get the job done herself. But she was a married woman now, and still, no one wanted to indulge her. She'd expected to be deflowered on her wedding night, as was customary. She'd even looked forward to it, with that wonderful mix of anticipation and anxiety. But Aeneas had snubbed her with his comment about not sleeping with someone who poops their pants.

Persephone wanted to know all about her wedding night, of course. When Agatha told her what had happened, Persephone frowned. “That bastard,” she said. “Twice-damned asshole. He has a true beauty in his bed and then he complains that she isn't potty trained. What did he expect? No one of noble enough stock for him to marry is potty trained before marriage.”

“I know,” Agatha said. “I used to be so carefree, and now I'm embarrassed every time I have an accident.”

Persephone had hugged her. “Hang in there, tiger,” she cooed. “It's his responsibility to train you, and you're gonna be out of diapers in no time. I'm going to have a chat with him.”

Agatha froze. Nothing good could come out of Persephone, with her potty-mouth and raunchy attitude, having “a chat” with her husband. With Persephone, “having a chat” usually meant “kick someone's ass, literally.”

“No!” Agatha said. “Please don't.” She didn't know how her husband would react, but with his temper, she might be in for a spanking or worse.

“I'm not your maid anymore,” Persephone had said. “I'm just your friend. And as your friend, it's my responsibility to make sure your husband is good to you. You can't tell me what to do or not do anymore.”

Agatha had begun crying again. Persephone held her and stroked her hair—unlike Aeneas, for her, this was a natural move, and there was no hesitation in her movements.

Agatha stayed for lunch, carrying a stilted conversation with her husband about the latest developments in military technology. Persephone asked many questions, and to anyone who didn't know her, she must have seemed genuinely interested. But Agatha knew that her friend didn't give a damn about hellenic fire or ballistics. She was simply trying very hard not to get into a fight. Persephone did that; she became incredibly sweet, excessively polite, when she was mad at someone and Agatha had advised her strongly that this was neither the time nor the place to get into a fight. It was a wonder her mother had never fired Persephone. No, scratch that; it was no wonder at all, it was simply the result of Agatha's insistent begging and whining any time her mother told her that this was it, this was the final straw, that she wouldn't have anyone in her house with such blatant disrespect for proper etiquette and decorum.

“There's a formal dinner tonight with the army,” her husband informed Agatha after Persephone left. “I want you to come, as my wife. There's going to be royals present. Can I trust you not to be stinky during the dinner?” His voice was strained.

“I—I promise,” Agatha said. She didn't like making promises she wasn't certain she could keep, but if she went potty before they left, surely her body would cooperate.

“All right,” Aeneas said. “It's going to be fun.” Fun was not a word present in Aeneas' usual vocabulary.

“I'm wet,” Agatha announced.

“Because of course you are,” her husband said, and then caught himself. “Sorry. I did promise you that I wouldn't fault you for number one, didn't I?” Then he grabbed Agatha behind her back, clasped his hands under her butt, and carried her into the bedroom. Again, he changed her gently, almost lovingly, like earlier in the morning. She could get used to this.

Agatha chose a navy blue dress for the dinner. She demoed it for her husband, who nodded with approval. “You look beautiful,” he said. “It's perfect. I want my colleagues to be jealous. Especially that weasel General Konstantinos. His wife looks like a pile of garbage sacks heaped into the shape of a person.”

Agatha giggled. Aeneas never gossiped, nor did he talk much about his work, and especially not his inner feelings. She hoped he would open up more. She felt totally naked in his presence; he had seen all of her emotions, from curiosity and wonder and joy to sadness and confusion. She was an open book. If he was a book at all, he was a diary kept under lock and key.

At seven in the evening, a horseless carriage pulled up outside their house. Aeneas was decked out in his uniform, with several medals pinned to his chest. Agatha asked what they represented, and her husband spent the short ride elaborating on each one. “This one is a medal of valor for extraordinary service during the most recent Persian campaign,” he said. “I was shot by a poison arrow and very nearly didn't make it. That's when I realized I needed to get married, have a son while I still can.”

“You really want children, like, as soon as possible?” Agatha asked. Then why won't you fuck me? She thought, although she held her tongue. Agatha didn't know how she felt about children. She would love to have a little life of her own to take care of, but at the same time, who would take care of her? The thought of the pregnancy in itself also scared her. And wouldn't giving birth be painful? Didn't many mothers die in childbirth?

“Within the next couple years, I'd like to have a son. If you're on board with that, of course.” On board. As if it was a corporate business decision.

“What if it's a daughter?” Agatha asked.

“Then I'll love her all the same,” her husband said, without hesitation.

“Really?” She hadn't expected that.

“Absolutely.”

Then the carriage pulled up outside a grand mansion. Fountains shaped like dolphins spat out arcs of water into small basins in the garden. A grand collonade lined the front of the house, all three stories of it. At the sight of the fountains, Agatha felt herself leak into her diaper. She was surprised; normally, she didn't notice until after it was done. Perhaps she was growing closer to gaining conscious control?

Aeneas took her hand, and then they walked past a butler, who nodded to them at the door and directed them up the stairs in the lobby. It occurred to Agatha that this was her social debut. It was customary for the upper classes to hold a debutante ball for unmarried women in the spring, but Agatha had never gone, even when Persephone nagged her to do so. In the fall, there was another ball, where newlyweds were presented as husband and wife for the first time outside the family. But Agatha's debut would be at an army ball full of grizzled veterans. And did he say there would be royalty?

As if reading her mind, Aeneas stopped her before they entered the ballroom. “This is your debut, isn't it?” He whispered to her. She nodded. “Relax. Don't be embarrassed. There will be some attention on you, simply because no one here has met you before. Are you nervous?” She nodded again. “Good, good. That means you'll be on your best behavior. But you almost always are, aren't you?” A third nod, a little unsure this time. “That's a good girl,” Aeneas said. “Come along, wife!”

They entered the ballroom. Two long tables stood in the center of the room. A number of armymen and their wives sat along the tables. Aeneas led them straight past all of them, to the very end of the table, near the place of honor at the end of the table. A young man sat there, golden locks framing a youthful face. A little stubble on his chin, but nothing comparable to her husbands full, dark beard. He looked attractive enough, but he didn't have the natural air of confidence about him that her husband projected.

“Agatha, I want you to meet Prince Paris,” Aeneas said. Agatha blushed. The Prince of Troy? She extended a hand. Paris took it, bent down and kissed it.

“Who is it that I have the honor of meeting?” Paris asked.

“I'm Agatha,” she said. “We were just married.”

Paris laughed. A shrill, unmanly sort of laugh. She immediately disliked him, based purely on his laughter. She knew it wasn't fair, but Agatha couldn't help but feel this man, this boy, was trouble. “Nice to meet you, Agatha,” Paris said. And then, to her husband, “Quite a catch you got yourself.” He slapped Aeneas on his back.

The rest of the dinner consisted of a number of other introductions, including to Konstantinos and his wife, who did indeed resemble nothing so much as garbage in human form. Surprisingly, Elektra was the nicest person there. She was sweet and kind, and a wonderful conversation partner. Looks can be deceiving. Her name meant fiery sun, but she was sweet as a lamb.

During dessert, Flaouna cakes, Agatha felt her stomach rumble. She'd forgotten to go before she left, and about now she would be seated on the potty preparing to go number two. She tried to clench, to power through with the muscles in her abdomen, but Agatha soon realized it was futile. She needed to go, now, or she would make a mess. But she didn't know where the bathrooms were, and she was anxious about going alone. But she didn't feel like she could ask her husband, the general, to take a break from cracking jokes with the Prince to take his wife to the potty. It was an impossible situation.

Luckily, Elektra noticed her discomfort. She whispered something to her husband, and then she said to Agatha, “I need to powder my nose. Come with?”

They linked their arms together, and then they walked over to the end of the ballroom, where the traditional Man|Woman signs glowed electric above two doors. Once they were inside, Elektra turned around and lifted her dress. To Agatha's surprise, Elektra was wearing a diaper.

“You too?” She asked.

“Of course,” Elektra said. “Konstantinos has been trying to train me for years. But I always end up back in diapers.” She giggled.

Her companion was lingering by the sinks, and Agatha felt it would be rude to rush off to the potty. Her hesitance was her doom. A strong cramp caught her by surprise, and, doubled over in pain, Agatha began to fill her diaper. It was silent, mushy stuff, but the smell and the strained look on her face said it all. Elektra stood by the mirror, watching with an amused expression. Finally, Agatha was done. The mush enveloping her behind felt awful, shameful.

“Aww, baby,” said Elektra. “I'm sorry I kept you waiting. I didn't realize it was that urgent.”

Agatha felt tears threatening to fall down her face. She had one job: keep your bottom clean for the evening. And she had failed even such an elementary task.

“Don't cry,” Elektra said. “You'll ruin your makeup.” She grabbed Agatha's hand and led her into a stall. There was an adult-sized changing table by the wall. “Up you go,” Elektra said, and Agatha jumped up on the table.

“I'll get you nice and clean in no time,” Elektra said. “I have two daughters. I'm used to it. You might even call me a stinky-butt expert. Plus, I change myself every day, though it's easier to do on someone else. You have a spare?”

Agatha pointed to her handbag. Elektra fished out a pastel blue diaper. She nodded with approval. “This is so cute,” she said. Elektra quickly ripped off the tapes of Agatha's soiled diaper and set to work.

When the time came to clean her most private area, Elektra worked quickly and with practiced ease. Again, there was that tingle between her legs. When the wipe slid over her slit, Agatha didn't think. She arched her back and pushed back into the cold wipe. Her vagina—her pussy—was soaking wet, and not with pee. Well, with pee too, but not only that. A moan escaped her. This was another man's wife. What she was doing was so wrong, and yet it felt so good, so right.

“Oh, you like that, baby girl?” Elektra said. Then she put away the wipe and slid her first one finger, then a second one into Agatha's pussy, teasing her. Then her movements became circular. Agatha pushed back, her crotch pulsating with pleasure. She moaned again, and then the movements became faster, and before she knew it, Agatha reached a towering climax, tingling pleasure spreading up her tummy, radiating out towards her extremities.

She screamed. “Ohhh!” Breathing heavily, she came down from cloud nine, and noticed that her climax had unleashed the floodgates. All the wine with dinner was now flowing freely out of her, into the padding she was sitting on.

Elektra said nothing. She finished the change as if nothing had happened, and then she changed herself, as well. But when the pair were leaving the bathroom, Elektra fished out pen and paper and wrote down her address. “Let's have lunch sometime,” Elektra said. “Us army wives need to stick together,” and then she winked.

Giggling, the two new friends left the girls' room and re-entered the ballroom.

*008*2016-11-09 00:58

Alternate chapter title: Fan Service. (Don't worry, if this is lowbrow-ish smut, next chapter is highbrow as fuck. Just you wait :)

Chapter 5: Redox Reaction

A week after the army dinner, Persephone stopped by again. Like last time, she immediately checked Agatha and, finding her wet, as usual, they walked up to the bedroom for a change. Persephone was beautiful that day, with her long golden hair in a ponytail and a cute pink top on over denim shorts. She was so beautiful that Agatha couldn't help it. Once they were alone, she leaned in for another kiss. It felt so naughty, and yet she just couldn't stop herself. For a moment, Persephone didn't respond, keeping her expression blank and her lips unmoving. Agatha's heart nearly stopped. But then Persephone responded passionately, drinking her in and inserting her tongue into Agatha's mouth. It was like a wonderful cherry snake inside of her. Agatha felt her nether regions stirring again. She closed her eyes and just enjoyed it, and she didn't stop her when Persephone put a hand over her breasts, slowly touching, almost kneading them. Her nipples stiffened.

“Just what the fuck is going on here?” The voice belonged to her husband, who had entered while the pair had their eyes closed. “What do you think you're doing, you dumb slut!” He yelled, shoving Agatha off the bed so hard she felt tears pop up into her eyes.

“I...” Persephone tried to explain herself, but Agatha's husband left her no time to do so. Swiftly he wrestled her down onto the bed, Persephone fighting fiercely all the while. “Stay down!” He yelled. His voice was booming and menacing. Then he began unbuckling his belt. Persephone shot up on the bed while he kept his hands off her. “Stay down, I said, or I swear I'll whip your face and not your butt.” Persephone sunk down onto the bed and into the fetal position, cowering in fear. Aeneas flipped her over onto her stomach and dragged her shorts down her thighs. Then he delivered one blow with the belt after another. After the first whip, Persephone had tears in her eyes. After the third, she couldn't stifle a sob. By the fifth, she was crying like a baby. Strong, independent Persephone.

At the same time, Agatha's eyes went wide; there was a hiss, and then Persephone's pink panties grew a darker shade of magenta as she peed through them and onto the bed, wetting her shorts and thighs in the process. Agatha hadn't seen her friend cry since they were both thirteen, when she'd wet the bed. Which was incidentally the last time she'd wet herself. They had slept in the same bed, and Agatha had thought at first that she'd leaked. She was yet, of course, like every night, but when her maid began sniffling, she understood. Agatha hadn't ever been embarrassed by her accidents, but she knew that Persephone was proud of the fact that she never had any, and to have one at thirteen was devastating. By the time her husband had delivered ten hard blows to her butt, Persephone was a mess. There were tears, blood, and urine scattered all over the bed, the latter also all over her clothes, her tummy, her thighs, her butt, everywhere.

“Get that bitch into a fucking diaper and then change the bedding,” her husband growled, and then he left the room. Persephone continued crying helplessly. Agatha held her closely and stroked her chin. She began singing a traditional lullaby, not knowing what else to do. “Sleep, sleep, dear princess,” she sang. Usually it was Persephone singing lullabies to her. Then Agatha had an idea. She opened the drawer on the bedside table and fished out an item that her friend had nagged her to get rid of for years: a bright pink pacifier with “Maid's Girl” written on it in white. It had been a brief fashion fad among upper class girls, but Agatha had found—remembered—something from her childhood, the way sucking on the thing calmed and soothed her, and she'd never really given it up, although these days she often forgot about the thing for weeks, until something particularly upsetting happened and she never some comfort. Agatha gently placed the pacifier in her friend's mouth.

“I don't wanna—” Persephone began.

“Shhhh, princess,” said Agatha. She was just mimicking the way Persephone used to comfort her, and she saw the irony in applying the same in return. Persephone had just been humiliated, she'd had her adulthood and independence stripped away from her, so perhaps this wasn't appropriate. But when Agatha stroked her hair, her friend began sucking on the pacifier.

“Sleep sweet dreams, my philos,” my friendly love, she said, and then added: “My eros,” my sexual love. She began rocking her friend gently back and forth like a babe, humming more to herself than to Persephone. Her friend closed her eyes and pretty soon, she was asleep. Agatha hurriedly undid her wet shorts and panties. She took some time to admire her friend's neatly shaved womanhood. She felt her own nethers stirring, and longed to touch, to feel, but she knew it was wrong while her friend was asleep. Suppressing her baser impulses, she took a wipe and quickly—so as not to fall into the temptation of rubbing that perfect slit—cleaned her up.

Then she found a diaper and began applying it to Persephone. She had only changed a diaper a couple of times in her life, so it was a bit hard to get the tapes right. Seeing it done to her from a first-person perspective was no way to learn how to do it to others. Finally, she was done, and then she leaned in and kissed Persephone's lips. She lingered over them, appreciating the gentle lines of her nose, her philtrum, the shape of her lips. Finally, she removed Persephone's top, which had gotten wet. She longed to remove her bra, too; she tried to rationalize it: maybe it had gotten wet, too? She decided that it had, although it probably hadn't. She lifted Persephone's upper body up, leaving her sleeping on her shoulder in just a bra and diaper; so cute! Why hadn't she seen her friend in this light before? She removed the bra and liberating her friend's small breasts. She didn't bother to change the bedding. Cuddling up, Agatha fell asleep.

A few hours later, Persephone nudged her awake. “What happened to my clothes?” She asked.

“They were wet,” Agatha said. She didn't mention the bra.

“I love you, philos,” Persephone said. “But I fucking hate your husband. I'm going straight to the police!”

“Please don't,” said Agatha. “I'm begging you, please, just don't. Do you think the police are going to believe you, a servant-girl, or the decorated general?”

Persephone sunk back and changed the topic. “I didn't know you felt that way about me,” she said. “Or, wait… How do you feel about me?”

“I love you.”

“I know. But are you in love with me?”

“I don't know. I think so?”

Persephone covered her breasts for a moment, but then she thought better of it. Agatha had already seen everything. “I don't know how I feel about that,” she said.

Agatha felt her heart in her throat. “I… But I do! I think.”

Persephone took the spit-sticky pacifier and put it in Agatha's mouth. She began sucking on it hungrily. “Honey babe, you are a child,” she said.

Agatha spit out the pacifier. “Am not!” She said, pouting. “You were the one who just wet yourself, and now you're in a diaper! You didn't seem to object when I gave you the paci.”

Persephone cradled her. She was the taller girl, and if not for the youthful face, could have been her mother, or at least older sister. In reality she was six months younger. “I don't know how I feel about that either.”

“You kissed me back.”

“I did. Although that was just me being overcome by the passion. I'm not into girls...”

“I'm not a girl. I'm your best friend. You wiped my butt for twelve years!”

“I know, I know. And I never considered you anything more than… philos and storge, not eros. You were a child I was caring for. I loved you dearly, but not like that. If I were to have a girlfriend, I wouldn't want it to be someone whose ass I needed to clean!”

Agatha gave her a sideways look. “Oh yeah! I bet you're wet right now. You are, aren't you?”

A deep scarlet spread across her friend's cheeks. “I'm not!” She said.

“Then you don't mind me checking?”

“Of—of course,” she said.

Agatha took her time raising the comforter and feeling around the inside of Persephone's diaper with a finger. She grazed her vagina for a moment and felt the hair raise on her friend's forearm. She noted that Persephone had her legs crossed. “You like that, baby girl?” She asked, echoing her new friend Elektra's seductive comment. She wasn't quite sure how seduction work, so she worked by example.

“Nooo,” said Persephone.

“You sure?”

“No. I mean yes. Maybeee just a little bit?”

Agatha slipped her finger in and found Persephone's clit. She began rubbing it and smiled when a moan escaped Persephone's lips. Then her hand got wet. “No no no!” Her friend yelled, but Agatha continued on. She only retracted when Persephone's crotch began spasming, but by then her hand was soaked. It came away dripping with pee, and she kept it on top of the diaper as she felt it grow warmer and expand. Helpless, Persephone continued peeing herself. Agatha took the opportunity to slip in the paci again. Persephone offered no resistance to the move. She simply lay there, peeing into her padding. “No, no, no,” she repeated. Then she hiccuped, and it sounded for all the world like a suppressed sob.

“I just peed myself,” Persephone said, pacifier falling down and nestling between her breasts. Stating the obvious, aren't you? “On your hand even!”

“I liked it.”

“You liked it?”

“Uh-huh,” Agatha said.

Persephone sighed. “I'm getting out of these right now. Lend me some underwear.”

“Please don't. Just obey Aeneas, please, or you'll get the belt again.”

Persephone shuddered. “I don't want that. But I don't want him to get away with it!”

“Wait here,” Agatha said. She returned a moment later with her husband behind her. “I want to sleep with Persephone tonight,” Agatha said.

“Not gonna happen.”

“You don't get a say.”

“Like hell I don't!” He roared. His face was red with anger, and it looked like he might pop his jugular. “I'm your lawful husband and master of this house!”

“The police might not believe me, but the other army wives will, and they talk to their husbands. Do you want Elektra to whisper in Konstantinos's ear?”

“Fine.” He said. “But don't you ever threaten me like that again!” He left in a huff.

“That. Was. So. Awesome!” Persephone sounded out each word like she were a judge of the high court sounding out a sentence. Then her mouth was on top of Agatha, and they fell backwards on the bed. Agatha heard Persephone's tummy rumble over the combined crinkle of their two diapers, and she was reminded that it was almost time for her own evening business in the back of her diaper.

“Perseph?” Agatha asked.

“Yeah?”

“Do you need to… go?”

“I kinda do actually. I'll be right back!” But Agatha was too fast for her. She quickly had her arms around her friend and then she was on top of Agatha again. Persephone grunted. “I'm not doing that in my pants!” She managed, over another grunt. Agatha gave a poke at her naval.

“Baby's gotta go,” she cooed.

“You really want me to?”

“I like seeing this side of you. You're always so tough,” Agatha said. “I never get to see you this vulnerable.”

“It's disgusting,” Persephone countered.

“Perseph, you're practically doing it already. I bet if I keep you here for five minutes you're gonna have another accident.”

“I won't!”

“'Sides, it's not so bad,” Agatha said. “Feels kinda nice and warm. I'll change you!”

“Fine. I'm staying but I'm not doing that.”

They laid side by side for a quarter of an hour, chatting idly while each girl's hand traced a path across the other's waist and thighs. Agatha undid her own bra, as well. Persephone placed a careful hand over one breast and cupped it. “These are so nice and big. Mine are so small.”

Agatha reciprocated. “Yours are much nicer,” she said. “I like small.”

Persephone looked lost in thought for a moment. Then her expression changed to surprise, then shock. She bent over and unconsciously lifted her butt. What followed was a set of farts and grunts, and then, red-faced and panting, Persephone sank back into the bed.

“Perseph babe, did you have an accident?”

“Y—yes.”

“Let me make it all good and nice and clean again,” Agatha said, fishing the pacifier out from Persephone's cleavage and putting it into her mouth. The smell quickly filled the room.

“Well, good luck cleaning my ass for a change, eros.”

Agatha wrinkled her nose, then composed herself and set to work.

*010*2016-11-15 19:59

Chapter 6: Coffea Arabica

Sasha spent her afternoons practicing reading and writing with the Prince, whose name, she learned, was Kleitos. They would practice for an hour, reading increasingly complicated texts, or Kleitos would dictate to her and she would attempt to write down what he said. He told her about astronomy and showed her star charts, and he talked of politics, but also of hunting and court life. She felt like he was the teacher she'd always wanted. Strangely, despite his attractive appearance, a sculpted body wedded to a splendid mind—indeed his name meant “splendid”—her physical attraction for him faded the more she got to know him. She saw him as a friend, not a potential lover.

And yet lover he had to be, if she were to secure her place at court. Sasha felt like he was about as good of a catch as anyone could ever want, and having to sleep with him wouldn't be the worst price she could pay for securing a life of wealth and security. She couldn't see herself riding day and night as a courier until she was old and wrinkled. Sasha knew her youth would fade fast in that profession. Her older colleagues, in their thirties and forties, were paradoxically also the lowest paid and least respected. Their experience meant little when their bodies were too frail to compete with the youths in their teens and early twenties.

Perhaps that was why none of them had wanted to mentor her, and had instead thrown her into the deep end and made her swim lest she sink and drown; they knew that any youth who managed to survive in the profession long enough to gain a little experience would soon eclipse them. Sasha could go back to riding all day and delivering messages, and she could perhaps be reasonably happy, but she had maybe a good ten years in that profession left in her before she'd be relegated to short, low-paid intra-city work. She'd have to settle down with a man anyway, and she did want children.

Not right now, but certainly before it was too late. All in all, she was on the threshold of incredible privilege. Sasha felt like she was more deserving of the honor than any of her fellow women of the court. They could retire to a nice, comfortable life on their country estate. She, on the other hand, would need to go back to a physically exhausting profession, and she had her ailing father to think of, too. He was nearing fifty and already old in body. She had already requested of the Prince that he send a physician to attend to her father, and he had immediately granted her request. “Why, of course,” he'd said, and her father had sent her a message back thanking her for her kindness and concern for “an old man.”

It worried her slightly, then, that the Prince seemed to take no interest in her body. But she remembered Neutria's words: Who would have thought? Maybe the way to his heart doesn't go through his dick after all.

Sasha made sure to make good use of the Prince's water-closet. Usually she could time it so that she could go number two when she was there. Neutria had brought a chamber-pot to her room, which had enabled her to avoid using the diapers she was forced to wear when she was with the other ladies. At night and in the mornings, she wore panties. There had been some desperate occasions when she was caught up in a fun conversation with Alex, sunbathing on the roof or playing knucklesbones, a game played with sheep's bones; or passe-boule, which involved throwing an inflated pig-bladder into a hoop. Walking from the roof all the way to her bedchamber would take ten minutes, perhaps fifteen if she met any guards—the guards always regarded her with suspicion, and she had even taken to flirting with them in an effort to make them leave her alone—and it wasn't something she looked forward to.

Often, she would be subtly pee-dancing, trying to avoid alerting Alex to her needs, and then she'd make some excuse. Often she'd simply say she was going to “powder her nose,” which was an expression Alex had never heard before, and which she apparently took literally. At times, Alex would ask her whether she had used her diaper, or wanted to; she really wanted them to have a buddy-change. Alex had no problems whatsoever having her maid Melissa—her “little bee”—change her in front of Sasha.

Sasha had asked Neutria to bring the chamberpot up to the roof, but Neutria had advised her to avoid it if she didn't want the other ladies to see her as a weirdo. “You really shouldn't leave it until the last minute,” Neutria said one day, as Sasha performed a particularly vigorous pee-dance, stopping every few steps to knot her legs and squeeze between them. “One day you're going to leave it too late.”

“Oh, wouldn't you just love to change my diaper,” Sasha shot back sarcastically.

“Not particularly,” Neutria said. “But I'd do it anyway. It's my job.”

Every night Neutria would bathe her. Having a maid was a luxury. Neutria would undress her and lead her to the bath, and then she'd shampoo and oil her hair. She would carefully wash her all over with soap made of animal fat and ashy water. Neutria paid special attention to her diaper area, which she said could easily become itchy from the sweat that would collect there in the heat. Sasha found she enjoyed this a little too much. Neutria's attitude was professional, and Sasha didn't think there was anything more to it, but she looked forward to it every day. Neutria was also great fun, always cracking naughty jokes when they were alone, jokes that would have caused scandal if any of the other ladies heard them. She also came from poverty, and in that the two girls found a soulmate. In Plato's Symposium, Aristophanes the philosopher offers an explanation of the search for soulmates:

The primeval man was round, his back and sides forming a circle; and he had four hands and four feet, one head with two faces, looking opposite ways, set on a round neck and precisely alike; also four ears, two privy members, and the remainder to correspond. He could walk upright as men now do, backwards or forwards as he pleased, and he could also roll over and over at a great pace, turning on his four hands and four feet, eight in all, like tumblers going over and over with their legs in the air; this was when he wanted to run fast.

Now the sexes were three, and such as I have described them; because the sun, moon, and earth are three;-and the man was originally the child of the sun, the woman of the earth, and the man-woman of the moon, which is made up of sun and earth, and they were all round and moved round and round: like their parents. Terrible was their might and strength, and the thoughts of their hearts were great, and they made an attack upon the gods; of them is told the tale of Otys and Ephialtes who, as Homer says, dared to scale heaven, and would have laid hands upon the gods. Doubt reigned in the celestial councils. Should they kill them and annihilate the race with thunderbolts, as they had done the giants, then there would be an end of the sacrifices and worship which men offered to them; but, on the other hand, the gods could not suffer their insolence to be unrestrained.

At last, after a good deal of reflection, Zeus discovered a way. He said: "Methinks I have a plan which will humble their pride and improve their manners; men shall continue to exist, but I will cut them in two and then they will be diminished in strength and increased in numbers; this will have the advantage of making them more profitable to us. They shall walk upright on two legs, and if they continue insolent and will not be quiet, I will split them again and they shall hop about on a single leg." He spoke and cut men in two, like a sorb-apple which is halved for pickling, or as you might divide an egg with a hair; and as he cut them one after another, he bade Apollo give the face and the half of the neck a turn in order that the man might contemplate the section of himself: he would thus learn a lesson of humility.

Apollo was also bidden to heal their wounds and compose their forms. So he gave a turn to the face and pulled the skin from the sides all over that which in our language is called the belly, like the purses which draw in, and he made one mouth at the centre, which he fastened in a knot (the same which is called the navel); he also moulded the breast and took out most of the wrinkles, much as a shoemaker might smooth leather upon a last; he left a few, however, in the region of the belly and navel, as a memorial of the primeval state.

After the division the two parts of man, each desiring his other half, came together, and throwing their arms about one another, entwined in mutual embraces, longing to grow into one, they were on the point of dying from hunger and self-neglect, because they did not like to do anything apart; and when one of the halves died and the other survived, the survivor sought another mate, man or woman as we call them, being the sections of entire men or women, and clung to that.

They were being destroyed, when Zeus in pity of them invented a new plan: he turned the parts of generation round to the front, for this had not been always their position and they sowed the seed no longer as hitherto like grasshoppers in the ground, but in one another; and after the transposition the male generated in the female in order that by the mutual embraces of man and woman they might breed, and the race might continue; or if man came to man they might be satisfied, and rest, and go their ways to the business of life: so ancient is the desire of one another which is implanted in us, reuniting our original nature, making one of two, and healing the state of man.

Each of us when separated, having one side only, like a flat fish, is but the indenture of a man, and he is always looking for his other half. Men who are a section of that double nature which was once called Androgynous are lovers of women; adulterers are generally of this breed, and also adulterous women who lust after men: the women who are a section of the woman do not care for men, but have female attachments; the female companions are of this sort.

But they who are a section of the male follow the male, and while they are young, being slices of the original man, they hang about men and embrace them, and they are themselves the best of boys and youths, because they have the most manly nature. Some indeed assert that they are shameless, but this is not true; for they do not act thus from any want of shame, but because they are valiant and manly, and have a manly countenance, and they embrace that which is like them. And these when they grow up become our statesmen, and these only, which is a great proof of the truth of what I am saying.

When they reach manhood they are loves of youth, and are not naturally inclined to marry or beget children—if at all, they do so only in obedience to the law; but they are satisfied if they may be allowed to live with one another unwedded; and such a nature is prone to love and ready to return love, always embracing that which is akin to him.

And when one of them meets with his other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy, and would not be out of the other's sight, as I may say, even for a moment: these are the people who pass their whole lives together; yet they could not explain what they desire of one another. For the intense yearning which each of them has towards the other does not appear to be the desire of lover's intercourse, but of something else which the soul of either evidently desires and cannot tell, and of which she has only a dark and doubtful presentiment.

Suppose Hephaestus, with his instruments, to come to the pair who are lying side, by side and to say to them, "What do you people want of one another?" they would be unable to explain. And suppose further, that when he saw their perplexity he said:

"Do you desire to be wholly one; always day and night to be in one another's company? for if this is what you desire, I am ready to melt you into one and let you grow together, so that being two you shall become one, and while you live a common life as if you were a single man, and after your death in the world below still be one departed soul instead of two-I ask whether this is what you lovingly desire, and whether you are satisfied to attain this?"-there is not a man of them who when he heard the proposal would deny or would not acknowledge that this meeting and melting into one another, this becoming one instead of two, was the very expression of his ancient need. And the reason is that human nature was originally one and we were a whole, and the desire and pursuit of the whole is called love.

Sasha had hoped to fall for the Prince, which would certainly aid in her seduction of him. Instead, she found herself falling in love with her maid. She simply needed a plan to further their intimacy. She didn't know if Neutria felt the same way: if she did, she would have to hide it, because it would be inappropriate for her to desire someone for whom she cared professionally, someone who had now been elevated above her station. But perhaps Neutria's professional approach was merely that; perhaps her care was that of the nurse and not that of the prospective lover.

Sasha was inexperienced in matters of love and seduction, though not in matters of sex. Men, ordinary men, were easy enough to seduce; Sasha practiced what one might term crank-gun diplomacy. A flash of breast was usually enough to get the point across to the uncultured men with whom she had spent most of her life. This would not do at court, and probably not with a woman. Neutria had seen and touched all her parts anyway, and she never seemed aroused by it, although if she were she would have to hide it. Sasha would need a plan.

One day, Kleitos invited her up into the tower. There, dangling out over the city like a branch on a tree, halfway up the tower, was a dock. She saw the thing block out the sun before she could make out what it was; after a moment she could make out a great air galley approaching. The ship hung suspended from a great air bladder above. A man appeared on a small deck jutting out from the hold and threw out an anchor. The ship safely secured, the man threw out a great rope bridge, which was also anchored. Then sweaty and tired black men emerged one after one from the ship, carrying grain from Alexandria and coffee from the Kingdom of Axum. The Prince told her that the men had sat in the hold of the ship rowing for days to power the ship's great propellers. The men were exhausted, and servants appeared instantly to offer them water, a meal, a bath and a place to sleep. Some pornai appeared too, offering their services to the rowers.

After the rowers, a group of fat men in extravagantly colored shirts and pants walked down the rope bridge. Several of them appeared very uncomfortable with the height below, and when a gust of wind sent the bridge into a gentle sway, one of them let out a yelp. Once they were securely on the ground, the Doux' archons appeared, haggling over prices. They had several servants with them, carrying goods to barter and gold to buy with: there was mutton, and beef, varied electronic devices, and silk brought via the Silk Road to Byzantion.

The Prince talked to the magistrates and merchants for a while, and then he brought Sasha down from the tower. “Alexandra,” he said, because he refused to use her usual moniker, “I have a surprise for you.”

Sasha didn't know what to expect, but she was excited, skipping ahead of the Prince down the steps. She definitely hadn't expected him to lead her all the way out of the castle, into an electric carriage, and out into a field just outside the city walls. Horses were grazing peacefully on the grass. She looked them over, distracted by the promised surprise. Then she recognized a particular horse. Could it be…? It was! There was Kuarkiōn, looking healthy as ever.

“I know you loved that horse,” the Prince said, “so I bought him for you as a present.”

Sasha was so excited she threw herself around his neck. The Prince was overwhelmed by her move, but he pulled her into a hug. They stood there for a while, the Prince stroking her back. Sasha was so happy she cried, and she wished she hadn't. She didn't want to appear this vulnerable to the Prince, but after a moment he separated them and gently wiped her tears away. “I'm so happy right now,” said Alexandra. “I can't thank you enough.”

“No need,” said Kleitos. “No need.”

They spent the rest of the evening riding in the fields. Sasha challenged Kleitos to a race, and beat him handily. She had insisted that they start with their feet planted on the ground, which gave her a distinct advantage. She had the fastest mount in Aulis. Perhaps in the whole world.

The Prince would make a fine husband, Sasha decided. A Princess would need a maid anyway.
