P.I.S.S.

Author: Sbones

*000*2021-11-05 08:16

#1 In this story tomboy Julie joins her nerdy classmate Susan in her quest of searching for relief.

Part 1. PEE-quant situation.

Julie checked the time on her watch. It was 15 minutes till the class was over.

"God, this math lesson sucks" - she thought.

Julie was a short blonde girl with red dyed hair tips. She wore a jean skirt, black T-shirt with a logo of her favourite rock band and a jean vest.

The girl was bored, trying to kill time by any possible way. She looked at the window for a moment only to realize there was nothing really going on at all.

" What a dull day. Maybe I should check out what other guys are doing? "

Julie looked around the class. Matt and Timmy were playing Mobile legends as usual, trying not to get caught by a teacher. Daisy was updating her Instagram profile, making selfies and probably asking for more likes. Everything looked common. Except one detail.

She noticed Susan, a tall nerdy girl, not paying full attention to the lesson. Susan had brown pigtails, wore big round glasses, black trousers and white blouse.

Susie was fidgeting and crossing her legs under desk.

" Gosh, why had I drunk that big coffee during lunch break. " - thought Susan.

" Wow, now look who's bursting" - thought Julie.

Julie had recently realized she was into desperation and wetting thing, so seeing the shyest girl in school in dire need turned her on.

Susan, on the other hand, was not so happy about her situation. She was looking forward to a ring bell, trying to focus on lesson to make time pass quicker.

Yet, she failed. Thoughts of her sitting on a white clean and comfortable toilet at home and getting relief haunted her mind. She was even too shy to grab her crotch.

" Oh dear, I can literally feel my bladder filling."

In this moment Julie kept glancing at her.

"I wonder what she'll do after the ring bells. "

*001*2021-11-05 11:37

Part 2. Juilie's ap-PEE-al.

"Jesus, finally! " - Susan had never been happier to hear the bell.

She wrote down her homework task, packed her stuffed and rushed to the corridor.

Susie became really desperate. She had a long bus ride home and her bladder was in agony.

" Gosh, this is bad. I might actually have to use the school toilet this time "

Susan hated public restrooms. She couldn't stand lack of privacy these places had.

" Guess there isn't much of a choice left "

The ladies room had a horrible smell of a sewer mixed with cigarette smoke.

Susie tried the first stall, but it was locked, the second stall had a toilet clogged with toilet paper and note sheets. To her relief, the last one was free.

" Aw, shoot, gross! " - girl exclaimed.

The toilet seat was covered with dirt and pee drops, there was no toilet paper and, the worst, the door lock was broken.

"Come, Susie, you can do this."

She lifted her skirt, pulled down her panties and awkwardly hovered over the toilet.

But nothing happened. Her floodgates refused to open. She tried to push pee out of her, but only manage to let a couple of drops out.

" Relax. You can do it "

She closed her eyes and eased her body. Susan tried thinking of a stream rushing through the forest and falling into the big river.

"Ahhh" - Susie signed with relief as a trickle of pee tinkled into the toilet bowl.

But at this moment stall suddenly opened by another girl in need.

"A-ah! O.. oc... occupied. " - shrieked Susan, stopping in the midstream and trying to cover her hairy pussy.

- Oops, sorry bout that. - said the girl.

Susan closed the door. She was embarrassed and frustrated at the same time. After putting her clothes back, she left the stall blushing.

Meanwhile Julie was delayed by a teacher reminding her about the upcoming test next week.

- You better not fail this test. Unless you want your parents to have a conversation with the headmaster.

- Of course, maam, I'll do my best.

" That bitch, she ruined my fun. "

Julie lost the sight of Susan, believing she've already left the school. Being in no hurry, she decided to have a smoke and a quick pee in the restroom. Julie had a pretty small bladder, but, opposed to Susie wasn't shy at all about peeing anywhere if she had to.

When she reached the ladies she bumped into Susie.

- Oh, hey. It's so good you're still here.

- H-hey, look, I'm in a hurry, could we talk later?

" Oh boy, she chose the worst time to chat. Gotta make up an excuse to get rid of her. "

- Susie, my dear, you gotta help me. My math grades are horrible and there's a test next week. Could you help me prepare to it? I'll owe you big for this.

- But...

- Come on, we could come to my place , it's near the school.

" Hey wait a minute. Her place means private bathroom. This is a salvation"

- Fine, but you'll owe me for this.

" That was even easier that I've thought "

Girls left the school building. Julie was absorbed with naughty thoughts, completely ignoring her growing need for relief.

*003*2021-11-05 13:47

{{1 hour ago, AlmostWet said:

Great start to the stroy.

}}

Thanks. I will keep em coming ASAP.

*004*2021-11-06 17:26

Author's note. This style goes to Julie's lines and that for Susan's.

Part 3. Hos-pee-tality

It was that time of a year when you can easily be fooled by a sun shining in the sky and soon after frozen by a harsh wind. It can be especially merciless for a desperate girls like our two friends.

" Damn that weather! " - Julie shivered with cold a the wind was blowing on her bare legs. But not only the cold was her concern. She had a familiar feeling of an urgent need and she knew she didn't have much time before it gets critical.

Susan felt herself out of place. Only thing she could focus on is trying to stay dry. Each step she made echoed with pain in her bladder.

" Gosh, I'm about to burst. I hope we'll arrive soon".

- Lousy weather, huh?

- Yeah...

- Are you okay? You look a little pale.

- S.. sure, I'm fine, just a little chilly

- Yeah, me too. Should have you the toilet at school like you did.

Susie kept silent and blushed a little. Julie pretended she didn't notice that.

" Oh dear, what if she figures out that I haven't peed. But I guess we both are at the same boat"

" Aww, Susie is so cute when trying to hide the obvious things from me. Maybe I should stop asking her uncomfortable questions. Or maybe not? "

- Don't worry, we're almost there. Just a shortcut through the park and we're home.

That words encouraged Susie in her sorry state. Her palms were sweaty and it seemed like she'd already leaked, but it was just her imagination.

Julie was bursting too. But she was also horny as hell at that moment. She didn't care much about her state, observing her friend in need.

Finally they've arrived home.

- It's the third floor. Follow me.

She took the stairs with haste, torturing her poor bladder. Susie felt like she was climbing an Everest. Each step was difficult, and she had to make stops to bear the pain.

- Please, not so fast.

- Try to keep up!

In her excitement, Julie stumbled over a step and fell.

- Fuck! - she screamed with pain as hot spurt splashed wetting her green panties.

At the same time a wave of great desperation overwhelmed Susan, forcing her to bend, grabbing her crotch. She was horrified when stream of pee leaked through her white knickers.

" On no, no...this isn't happening. Come on, please, stop "

She managed to regain control, but there was much more to come out.

Julie got up on her feet. A sense of wet clothing and watching her friend's struggle were driving her crazy. She wanted to rub herself hard.

One floor later they finally reached Julie's flat. Susie looked extremely nervous, squeezing her legs and rapidly breathing.

"Almost there. Come on, Sue, you can hold it"

Julie managed to get the front door open.

- The restroom's here if you need it - she pointed her finger at one of the doors.

Julie watched Susan making a mad dash to the toilet.

" Guess this time I'll let her go. Besides, my math ain't gotta study itself. "

Susie ran inside the toilet, rapidly locking the door.

" Finally. I nearly had an accident. "

But still, it wasn't not over. She still had to get off her clothes. In her desperate state, Sue had a hard time unbuttoning her pants.

" Come on, stupid buttons. Why can't this uniform have a zipper? "

All of sudden her body was shocked, she started breathing rapidly.

"Oh no... Not yet... Oh, shoooot! "

Her muscles just gave in to the flood. A stream of pee poured down her leg on the floor.

She managed to pull down her trousers and sit on the toilet but she forgot one small detail in a rush.

"Gosh, my knickers! "

Susan looked helplessy at her underwear drenched with urine. She couldn't stop the flow and pulling them down or aside wouldn't make much difference at this point. Susie was shy about loud hissing sounds, exhausted after hours of waiting and pleased with relief.

Meanwhile Julie stood at the bathroom next door. Her flat had paper thin walls so she could hear everything.

First she heard the door lock, after that there was a sound of water spilling on the floor.

" Is she...wetting herself? " - Julie's pussy burned with desire. She was grabbing her crotch trying to hold it but now she began touching herself.

" Fuck, I've never been so horny in my life. "

The moment she heard Sue's loud stream, her mind couldn't stand the sound and her muscles relaxed. Julie hopped in the bathtub, rubbing herself hard as streams of pee were coming down her legs, soaking her panties and socks.

"Oh, fuck, I'm coming. Fuck me, this feels so good"

Meanwhile after gaining much need relief, Susie was cleaning up the mess. She wiped the puddle on the floor, cleaned the pee drops from her legs and tried drying her soaked knickers a little with toilet paper.

After that she flushed the toilet and walked out. Susan heard a sound of splashing water from the next door.

" I need to wash my hands now"

She knocked.

- Julie, you here?

- Come in. - Julie replied

Sue opened the door and screamed and blushed with shyness. Her friend was standing in the bathroom showering her naked lower body.

- Sorry, didn't know you were showering.

- Big deal. I didn't plan to. But, you know, accidents happen.

- You mean... - Susie noticed wet panties and socks in the laundry basket.

- Yes.

- Oh dear, I'm so sorry. I should have let you go first, I shouldn't...

- Hey, relax. Shit happens. Besides its my fault not using the toilet back at school, right?

"How can she be so casual and calm about this. If I were her, I would have died of embarrassment"

- If you say so.

- Now how about you give me a minute and we'll do something about math test?

The end.

I hope you enjoyed reading it. I'm looking forward for feedback. Tell me should I focus more on realism or add more erotic moments. I tried to keep balance but the last part ended being more erotic than real.

Also I had planned to post some discarded scenes and alternative endings of this story, comment if you want to read it.

Much love.

P. S. There is a mistake in part two. I can't for some reason edit this post. Susan is supposed to wear trousers by I wrote scene with her lifting the skirt. Sorry for my lack of attention.

