The forest hike that never was

Author: Stef305

*000*2024-10-19 15:31

Tom was walking along the soft path through the forest. Lisa, his wife, was walking in front of him. They were headed to the abandoned old church in the middle of the forest, which they wanted to visit ever since they learned about its existence. The path was covered with soft and squishy moss. Some spots were soaked with water and made funny noises when stepped on.

"I'll have to pee soon," Tom said to himself.

He didn't have a feeling about how long they had been on their way. He checked his watch but it only showed some graphics from Space Invaders.

"Oh, well," he thought, "I guess it can't be far."

As if she had read his mind, Lisa said: "I think we're not far from the church any more."

The forest was dark but to Tom it felt strangely comfortable. It was just warm enough and, strangely, he thought, it had a distinctively fresh smell.

They kept walking. They soon reached a large billboard saying "The Church you're going to was made from wood by..."

Tom tried to read the last word, but the letters just kept spinning. Lisa stopped and as she did, her shoes turned from green to red. Tom watched it and thought how cool that was.

"Can you do that again?" he asked Lisa.

"Do what?"

"Make your shoes change colour."

"Sure," said Lisa, made a few steps and stopped again. Her shoes went from red to green and then to red again.

"How cool is that," said Tom.

"It is, right?" replied Lisa with a smirk. "But you've seen it so many times."

Tom wasn't sure about that. And he didn't have time to think about it. He had to pee. Luckily they were in a forest.

"Hey, will you wait for me? I have to step aside," he said to Lisa. "Step aside" was the phrase they used to communicate their need to pee in public without being too obvious.

"Oh?" Lisa replied, "Can't you wait until we get to the church? They sure have a proper toilet there."

"Maybe. But I can just as well go behind those rocks there. There's no one here."

He realised he had to go quite badly, actually.

"And I have to go quite badly, actually," he repeated his thoughts aloud to Lisa. "You just go ahead slowly and I'll catch up with you when I'm done."

Lisa confirmed by raising her hand and continued walking slowly along the path.

Tom stepped off the path between two rocks. The ground was full of mushrooms that were emitting strange noise. Some of them were moving like they were dancing.

"Ewww, gross," said Tom to himself and returned to the path stepping over the mushrooms. He looked ahead. Lisa was already out of sight.

He kept repeating "I have to pee, I have to pee, I have to pee." It felt strange. He wasn't sure whether it was just his thoughts or was he saying it aloud. But he was sure about one thing: he really really had to pee very soon if he was to spare himself the embarrassment when they get to the church. He looked around for a place to go. Just a few steps further there was another pair of rocks. The ground was flat and clear. He stepped between the rocks. The right one was covered with wet moss, the left one looked very ordinary but felt soft and warm.

"Almost like as if it was made of cloth," thought Tom. But he didn't have time for silly thoughts. He had to pee and then quickly catch Lisa before he gets lost in the forest. He stepped with his feet apart and leaned his forehead against the rock. It felt soft and warm. He untied the string on his shorts and pulled them down. With the left hand he grabbed the rock and started peeing. It felt so good, he thought. But then, it lasted so long. And his right hand was feeling as if hot water was flowing over it. And then the daylight started fading away and it suddenly became dark.

"Something's not right here," thought Tom. His eyes were shut tight and he had to try hard to open them. For a moment he lost his orientation. He knew he was standing in the forest, clinging to a rock. But suddenly he realised that he was lying face down. In his bed. And that he just woke up from a dream. Piece by piece he regained his awareness of himself. He felt his hands. With the left one he was squeezing the pillow. The right one was under his thigh. And it was all wet there.

"Fuck!" he said. He was now totally awake. He raised to his knees and felt the wet spot on the bedsheet and then his drenched pants. He looked at the clock. 2:48.

"Fuck!" he said again. A good part of his t-shirt was wet too. He looked to his right. Lisa was sleeping there peacefully.

Tom was horrified to see his wet spot spread far to her side of the bed.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" was all he could say. He had to wake Lisa, and soon. He grabbed her by the shoulder and shook her fiercely.

"Wake up!" he yelled.

"Mmmm? What is it, love?" she replied, still half asleep.

"Wake up! And get up! I pissed the bed!" he said, still yelling.

"Um, what? Again?" said Lisa, now almost fully awake, and rolled to the edge of the bed.

"Yes! So sorry, honey. Get up and help me strip the bed!" Tom said a bit more calmly.

"Um, OK. Are your pants wet too?"

"Afraid so, yes. I'm sorry. And the shirt."

"No problem, my love," said Lisa lovingly. "Just go to the bathroom and take off your wet clothes. I'll strip the bed."

"OK. I love you. And I'm so sorry," said Tom. He felt tears of anger in his eyes. He went to the bathroom and took off his clothes. He wiped himself with his t-shirt, then put it into the washing machine together with his wet pyjama pants. He sat on the edge of the bathtub and felt sorry for himself. He was on the verge of crying. Lisa had in the meantime stripped the bed, brought the sheet and the underpad to the bathroom and put them into the machine.

"The pillows and the blankets are dry," she said, "if this makes you feel any better."

Tom was able to give her a faint smile. She sat next to him on the bathtub and hugged him.

"Don't be sad, my love. It's still early, lets go back to bed for a while."

They went back to the bedroom and laid down on their back on top of the bare mattress.

"What's going on with me?" asked Tom after they have been lying for a while.

"I'm sure it's nothing, my love. You know you've been saying that you had to pee, right?" replied Lisa.

"I what?"

"I'm sure I heard you say 'I have to pee!' at least three times. You must have had one of those dreams of yours."

Tom thought about it. He remembered the billboard, the soft warm rocks and the singing mushrooms. And the stupid shoes changing their colour. "I actually do recall having a bizarre dream, yes, about..." He hesitated to say anything further.

Lisa broke the silence: "It's OK, love. You know it happens and it's nothing to be mad about. Nothing to write home about, OK? And you don't have to tell me about the dream."

"Sorry again, honey. I feel awful."

"Come here, my love," said Lisa and hugged him. She pulled the blanket over themselves and slowly fell back asleep on his shoulder. Tom felt her slow deep breathing and sunk into his thoughts. He knew it was going to be a long day.

Disclaimer: What you just read never happened as written but is based on true events. The names of the characters are not real but their similarity to real persons is intentional.

