Purrfect boy

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2023-09-13 07:28

“Please??”

The human boy smirked down at the cat enby in front of him. Eli, the boy, was nearly a head shorter than Ezra, but he was still smirking down at them because the poor kitty was hunched over, paws shoved between their legs and tail twisted into a knot, desperately trying not to piss themself in the middle of the Target the two were standing in. Hours of desperate whining and tugging at Eli’s shirt had finally made the boy cave and bring them to the bathroom. It had been occupied, so the pair had waited outside the door, Ezra unable to stop pacing and Eli unable to stop grinning. When the bean inside had finally come out, Eli had grabbed Ezra by the paw and ordered them to wait another five minutes before going in. And despite what a good kitty they’d been today, now he was telling them he’d changed his mind, and wasn’t going to let them pee after all.

“Oh my god, please,” they begged. One or two people were looking on curiously, but Ezra didn’t even notice. They grabbed Eli by the shirt collar, claws hooking into the fabric. Their demeanor was quickly turning sour, but it only made the boy’s smile wider. “Eli.”

“Yes, my Ezra?”

“I need to pee.”

“Yes, and?”

Their claws extended further, and their ears turned back, but Eli was unaffected by the menacing.

“What’s the matter? Poor kitty can’t control their bladder?”

They growled. The furious catby was standing still now, as they usually forced themself to do when they got angry. Their tail was puffed up like a Christmas tree. Eli made a mock-pouty face.

“Poor baby,” he said. “Guess you just need to find a way to handle it.” He grabbed their paw and removed it from his collar, and began walking away from the toilet, pulling them along with him. Their other paw flew to their crotch, and as soon as it did, Eli added another comment – “idiot” – and Ezra hissed at him for it.

As he dragged his fuzzy sub away from the restroom, Eli was acutely aware that his own bladder was quite full as well. He’d intended to pee after they did, but telling them “no” was so much fun that it had slipped his mind. Well, no, that was a lie – it was too urgent to slip his mind. He’d held it on purpose, because he wanted to tease Ezra by acting like he didn’t need to go, because he enjoyed the feeling of fullness and need, and because years of being Ezra’s hornyfriend – sometimes the dom, and sometimes the sub – had taught him that good things come to those who play with fire.

And fire it was becoming. His bladder was decidedly not happy with his decision to put off peeing, and it was voicing its displeasure loudly inside his tum. He wondered how much longer he’d be able to hide it from Ezra. Already he was sorely tempted to grab between his legs… but then again, the poor kitty was a bit out of it at this point. He settled for putting his hand on the waistband of his pants and adjusting his belt, and then promised himself he wouldn’t show any more signs of needing to pee for the rest of the outing.

“F…f…fuck!!” came the anguished voice of the kitty. They yanked their paw away from Eli, shoving it into their crotch along with the other as they twisted their legs into a knot. Their breathing was hard and rough, and tears were coming to their eyes.

“Doing oka–?” Eli began to ask, but they were interrupted.

“I can’t!! I can’t I can’t I can’t I can’t, fuck, I can’t–” Ezra cried, and they launched out of their pretzel pose into a mad sprint back towards the bathroom.

Eli thought about calling out, but didn’t. There was enough pain in the poor kitty’s voice to convince him that this was truly a hard limit, and that any attempt to delay them further would be vetoed with the safeword. He stared at their ass as they retreated, and began to follow. The bathroom door slammed shut just as he turned the corner. No one else was around, so he invited himself to stand outside and listen to their pissing. It would be quite the tease to his own bladder… and that was half the reason he wanted to do it. The stream began almost immediately, and sounded loud enough that it could have been the sink faucet, if not for the unmistakable aural quality of liquid splashing into liquid. His bladder twinged hard; his dick perked up a little; his smile became a mirthful grin. The splashing went on for almost a minute. Someone had to go.

Finally the peeing stopped, the toilet flushed, the sink and the hand dryer ran, and Eli’s best friend emerged from the bathroom, tail between their legs – literally.

“Sorry…” they said. “I… I had to pee.”

Eli reached up and put his hand behind their ears, scritching them affectionately in their favorite spot. “Bad kitty~” he teased.

Their countenance brightened at the scritching, but folded back up a little at his words. “Hhhh… s-sorry…” they said again.

“That’s okay, cutie,” he said. The scritching continued, and turned into petting. “Next time you’ll wait forever?” he asked.

“Next time I’ll wait forever,” they echoed.

“Good kitty.” They exchanged a peck, joined hands, and made their way back into the store, Eli once again declining to drain his tank, despite its insistent demands that he deal with it now.

The pair wandered around for a bit, the boy showering his cat friend with physical affection whenever the two were alone as a reward for holding so well, until eventually they came to the clothing section.

“Hey,” he said to them. “Wanna try on some outfits? Maybe we can buy you something today. You know, for being such a good kitty.”

“Sure!” they said. Trying on clothes, especially with Eli, was one of their favorite activities. Who doesn’t like feeling cute? They walked around and gathered a few candidate items, then convened in the changing area, looked around to make sure no one was watching, and ducked together into the same stall. Eli tossed his picks next to Ezra’s, sat down on the bench, crossed his legs, and gazed up at them blissfully. They leaned down and kissed him once more before beginning to undress.

The first outfit was a pair of tight, high-waisted black shorts, the kind with multiple buttons, and an orange tank top that left nothing about their tum to the imagination. They spun around to give Eli a good look, which he took liberally. Next was a black sweater with a red stripe across the chest, paired with an unlikely twin: a pink, less-than-knee-length skirt, which they lifted up with a sly expression so that Eli could see their underwear – not that he wasn’t already seeing it every time they undressed to change, but somehow this was even hotter. Next was a striking, solid-white tux with a bright green tie, which Eli stood to straighten for them. Fourth was…

“…hey…” Ezra said.

Eli smirked up at them as they held the pink bikini in their hands. He uncrossed his legs and bent forward a bit. “Yes, cutie?”

“Did you–” They looked at the door and lowered their voice to a whisper. “Did you pick this out just so I’d strip naked?”

“Cutie,” he said, his hand unconsciously migrating back to his belt. “I can neither confirm nor deny these unfounded accusations.”

They smirked. “Say yes and I’ll do it.”

He grinned. “Yes.”

“Thought so. Got you.” So their underwear came off, exposing their naked body entirely to their friend, and the pink bikini bottom went on. They handed the top to Eli so he could help them into it, and once he’d done so, he spun them around, took them by the shoulders, and looked at them the way a sculptor looks at a finished statue.

“Gosh, you’re something,” he said. He slid his hands down their sides and rested them on their hips. “What a beautiful devil you are. Really.”

They smirked again, and wrapped their paw around his head, petting his hair. “Someone feeling a bit horny?”

“You could say that,” he said. He stepped in closer, pressing his body against his friend’s, crushing his bladder (but not caring). His tight jeans had already been giving him a hard time, and the extra pressure made it just impossible to stand still. So he grinded himself against them, pressing his crotch into their thigh, using it as a source of physical pleasure as well as a much-needed squeeze of his nethers. And their paw slid down and rubbed his back as they kissed the top of his head.

And the next thing they knew, there was a loud knock at the door, and a voice snapping at them sharply. “Hey! You two had better get the hell out of that stall and scram, before we call security. Get changed and get out.”

The noise startled Eli badly, and very nearly scared the piss out of him in the most literal way. He took a moment to compose himself and return to his usual state of unflappable calm.

“Guess we’re caught,” he said to Ezra. He took the opportunity to smack their ass a few times. They probably wouldn’t be back in a pink bikini any time soon.

“Guess so,” Ezra said. They pushed him away gently and hurried to change back into their normal clothes as he stared at them hungrily. His bladder was still giving him hella trouble, and he found his hands lingering in front of his crotch with the fingers intertwined. He decided it would be too difficult to try to remove them, and just hoped he wasn’t being too obvious.

When Ezra was all dressed up again, the pair opened the door and slunk past the employee who had found them out, leaving the clothes behind in the stall. They made their way to the exit.

Ezra slung their arm around Eli’s shoulders. “Hi,” they said.

“Hi,” he replied. “Did you enjoy today’s session?”

“I sure did, lovey,” they said. Their ears were perked all the way up, and their tail was swishing back and forth. Perhaps it had been a mistake to do something likely to get them worked up when his bladder was this full. He had meant to pee before they left, but circumstance had taken away his chance to do so. Whoops.

“Something, uh… on your mind?”

“Shh,” they said.

Yeah, the jig was definitely up. Now it was just a matter of doing damage control. It was an hour-long trip back to his apartment, where the pair were heading next. Judging by the feeling in his bladder, that was about how long he had left. At this point he was pretty sure they wouldn’t let him get away with sneaking off to pee in the bushes. Their arm was gripping him tightly, pulling him into them, claws poking gently into his shoulder. He knew this mood. Possessiveness… the harbinger of torment. His heartrate picked up a little as they descended the stairwell down into the subway station, and he kept the best poker face he could as he tried to remember if he had enough detergent at home to run a heavy duty load of laundry tonight.

Waiting for the train, Ezra stood on the platform near the yellow border, holding Eli’s hand tightly. Eli tried to stand next to them, but at this point standing still was so difficult for him that after just two minutes he gave up, let go of their hand, and went to go sit on one of the benches. They watched him, stared at him from a distance as he shyly refused to look back, then came over and sat beside him.

“Is something on your mind?” they asked. Their mouth was just inches away from his ear; their tail curled around his body.

“N-no,” he blurted out before he had a chance to think. As soon as he did think, he realized he’d made another mistake. The words came rushing back to him. Ezra had once made him write them out a hundred times over while he was on the verge of pissing his pants. There was nothing–

“There’s nothing more pathetic than a liar,” Ezra said, a smug smirk plastered across their fuzzy face. They reached their paw around him and grabbed his arm again. “Do you need to pee, Eli?”

He breathed. One lie was less bad then two. The best time to come clean is always now. “Y-yeah,” he said. “I kinda wanted to go before we left, but, well…”

Ezra put their other paw on his chest and gazed into his eyes. “That’s not what you said the first time I asked.”

His heartrate picked up even more, and the feeling of the pulse beating against their paw told him they could feel it too. And that in turn meant that his fate was probably sealed. The grinding had made them horny, and either the physical sensation of his tum had told them how full his bladder was or they had noticed his uncomfortable pose, and now their interest was piqued. He needed to pee badly, and with the spotlight of their attention shining directly on him, there was nothing he could do about it. They were a cat, and starting now, he was their mouse.

“Maybe my lovey boy needs to drink some water,” they suggested. “I don’t believe you when you say you need to pee. You changed your story. Who’s to say it won’t change again? Maybe you’re just dehydrated.”

“I… I think I’m good,” he mumbled, but he knew it was no use. They reached into his backpack and grabbed the one liter bottle inside. It had been meant for them; now he was sorely regretting bringing it along. They put it in his hands.

“You’re making it so obvious that you’re uncomfortable,” Ezra said, looking at his legs. “Be a bit more subtle about it, would you?”

“S-sorry,” he said. He crossed his ankles and pressed his knees together, hoping the tight posture would make a good enough substitute for the squirming and shifting he’d just been reprimanded for.

“And get started on that water. I want it all gone by the time we get to your place.”

He looked hopelessly at the water. There wasn’t room, and they knew it, but he knew who would win if he tried to argue with them in this state. He uncapped the bottle and threw back his head, drinking the first quarter of it in one go as Ezra’s claws held him firmly in place.

“Good boy,” they said. “Purrfect boy. Keep doing what you’re told and I might consider going easy on you.”

“Hhh…” Eli shivered involuntarily. The horniness from earlier was still there, but it had refocused itself from his friend’s body to his own situation. The sheer weight of the water in his stomach was making him need to pee even more, and suddenly it wasn’t feeling like he could last another hour…

The train came, and the pair got on. Eli tried to find a seat, but Ezra led him forcefully over to a section where the seats were all taken, leaving him with no choice but to grab the handlebar and stand. He crossed his legs and tried to take his mind off the discomfort, but before his thoughts could wander far, Ezra tapped him on the shoulder, pointed at his lower half, and shook their head. He uncrossed his legs, looked desperately up at the ceiling, and tried to clear his mind.

“– This is the 1-line, South, toward Angle Lake. –” said the announcer’s voice.

And in his anxious state, it took a moment to register, but–

“Wait,” Eli said. He looked at Ezra. “We’re on the wrong train.”

“No we’re not.”

“We are. My apartment is north of here. We have to get–” The doors closed, and the train started moving, and Eli sighed. Here came ten more minutes of travel he wasn’t expecting and probably couldn’t handle. “We have to get off at the next stop and turn around.”

“Do we now.” It was a surprisingly firm non-question from someone who’d nearly been pissing their pants just an hour earlier.

“We–” Eli began, and then remembered where he was, and who he was. “Um,” he said. “I-I mean, we don’t have to, i-it’s just, that, um…” Ezra was staring a hole through his head, and he trailed off.

“How about you do a little less bitching about which train we’re on and a little more drinking the water you brought?” they suggested.

“I, nng, sorry…” Eli breathed. He gripped the bottle and faced toward the window, perhaps in a subconscious attempt to conceal his face from any onlookers who had picked up on what was going with him. It was getting hard to hide. He stamped his foot on the ground gently and uncapped the bottle for another chug. As he drank, he felt Ezra’s paw come to rest on his butt. His face turned red, but he pushed through the embarrassment and focused on drinking the water down to a half-empty bottle.

“You’re a purrfect boy,” Ezra said again when he had put it away. “A purrfect boy. That’s you.”

“T-thank you,” he said.

They put their arm around him again and pulled him into them, his shoulder digging into their chest. One hand gripped the handlebar; the other was squished between his body and theirs. He tried to wriggle it toward his crotch to give himself some relief, but he couldn’t manage to move it. It was stuck against their furry body.

“You’re a purrfect boy,” they repeated. They were leaning in so that their mouth was inches from his ear. “But purrfect boys don’t pee. They don’t ever pee. You hear that? Purrfect boys don’t pee.”

And they went on like that for minutes and minutes, repeating a dozen or so variations of their stance on purrfect boys over and over. Eli looked hopelessly out the window, shuffling his feet around on the ground as much as Ezra’s firm hold would allow and clenching his pelvic muscles like there was no tomorrow. The water couldn’t possibly have reached his bladder yet, but it felt like it had, crammed in there along with all the pee that had accumulated throughout the day, which he’d been holding back for hours now. Even without the extra volume on the way, it was starting to wear him down.

Twenty minutes later, they reached the end of the line: “– Next stop: Angle lake. Doors to my left. This is the last stop. All passengers must deboard at this time. –” Ezra led Eli onto the platform and sat him down on one of the benches. He crossed his legs and began grinding his thighs together.

“How’s my lovey boy doing?” they asked him after the crowd had cleared a bit.

“Hhh, I… I… I need to, g-go to the bathroom,” he answered. His forehead was shiny with a thin layer of sweat.

“Awww,” Ezra cooed. Their ears were fully perked up. “You’re not gonna let something stupid and petty like that cause you so much grief, are you?”

“Hhh, sorry, i-it’s just… I really need to pee, I… I wanna go.”

They shook their head. “Sorry, handsome. If you wanted to pee, you shouldn’t have lied to me. You’d be a lot closer to home right now if you had told me the truth.” And then they smirked. “Idiot.”

He grimaced. “C-can I use a public bathroom?”

“No.”

By now the water did seem to be reaching his bladder. His tum was painfully taut and tense, and he was rocking back and forth as Ezra cuddled him. The northbound train pulled into the station a few minutes later, and Eli tried to stand up, but the catby wouldn’t let him move.

“T-the train is here, come on, we gotta get on…”

“Again with the demands,” Ezra said flatly.

“Nnnnngggg,” Eli said, looking despairingly up at the sky. “Ezra, fuck, I gotta go. Please can we get on the train? Please?”

“Nope,” they said. “Not until you finish your water.”

He threw his backpack to the ground, yanked the zipper open, seized the water bottle, uncapped it, and began chugging. If he could finish it fast enough, there would still be time to board before–

Shk! The doors slid shut, and the train began rolling out of the station. He lowered the bottle for a breathing break, looked forlornly at the departing train, then went ahead and chugged the rest.

“T-there,” he said. “I drank the liter. Okay? Can I pee soon?”

They smirked. “You can pee when we get to your place. How’s that sound?”

He looked around helplessly. The next train would be ten or fifteen minutes.

“Shouldn’t be a problem for a boy with a bladder as big as yours, right? Purrfect boy.”

“But it’s full,” he protested. “I told you, I… I need to pee…”

“Too bad.” And this time, there wasn’t even a follow-up. Too bad. That was that.

So the pair waited for the train, and waited, and waited. Much to his discomfort, it took more like twenty-five minutes. The excruciating wait only made him worse off with each minute, and towards the end of it, he was losing his ability to sit still. By the time the announcer’s voice declared an inbound train coming in two minutes, the boy was constantly wriggling around and scissoring his legs in the least elegant, least rhythmic way possible, making it plainly obvious to anyone who looked at him that he really had to go, and wasn’t just dancing to music or fanning himself or some such. When it pulled up, Eli let go of Ezra’s paw, dashed on board, and made a beeline for the back where nobody would see him squirm. He sat down in the window seat and Ezra sat down beside him, locking him in, their hips pressed up against his. He slid a hand between his legs and squeezed himself hard.

“Purrfect boys don’t grab themselves like that, lovey boy,” Ezra told him. They wrapped their tail around his torso and tickled his hand with it.

“I… I can’t-t… ggggghhhhhh….” he groaned, and removed his hand, only to shove it into his pocket a moment later, trying to accomplish the same thing at a discount. It didn’t do much. He was still desperate to pee.

It would be over an hour from here until their destination, which was nearly the northernmost stop. Panic was starting to set in. He definitely did not have that much time left anymore. The train left the station, and Ezra began coddling and caressing him again. Their paw found its way to his tum; he flinched and twisted away from it, partly because he was ticklish there, and partly because it felt like any pressure at all would make him wet himself. He tried to signal to Ezra with his eyes to be more gentle, but they weren’t having it. The cat scooted in closer, crushing the boy against the wall as his bladder pulsed and throbbed inside of him. The situation was spiraling out of control.

Twenty minutes passed, and over the course of that time, Eli’s self-control and dignity slowly died out. First his hands came back to his crotch and refused to stay away, even when he tried repeatedly to remove them, and even when Ezra repeatedly reminded him that he wasn’t allowed to. Then his voice began to crack when he spoke, and grunts and groans of pain began to escape him. Finally the squirmy virus his legs had caught spread to the rest of his body, and he began writhing around in his seat like an inchworm. He looked around the traincar and saw dozens of people who might notice him and start staring at any moment. He looked out the window and saw that they were less than halfway to where they were going. He looked at Ezra and saw the same horny smirk they’d been wearing ever since leaving Target. He ran a light brown hand through his dark red hair, trying to reassure himself, but succeeded only in wiping off some of the sweat.

Another ten minutes passed, and any semblance of control he’d once possessed was gone. Both hands were jammed firmly between his legs, his knees were twisting and untwisting every thirty seconds, his breath was audibly shaky, and his eyes were squeezed shut. Anybody who happened to look at him would instantly know he was having a pee emergency. He could barely hold it. And Ezra was whispering in his ear again: “Purrfect boy. You’re a purrfect boy. Such a well-behaved, purrfect good boy. Purrfect boy.”

Finally he looked up at them with tears in his eyes.

“Ezra?”

“Yes?”

He sniffled. “I need to pee.”

They smiled kindly. Now it was their turn to understand. Eli wasn’t going to make it home.

“Want to get off at the next stop?”

“…yes…”

They nodded. The frantic, uncontrolled squirming continued until the train rolled to a stop. When the doors opened, he dashed out of his seat and ran out onto the platform, looking back and forth wildly for a bathroom. There was none in sight, so he made a dash up the stairs, hand jammed into his crotch, and – thankfully – found one there. A unisex bathroom. He ran inside, slammed the door shut, and began frantically undoing his pants, first the button and then the–

–first the button, then–

–then the–

…

But when Eli gripped the fly with his sweaty, slippery, trembling fingers and tried to pull it down, it wouldn’t come. His damp eyes welled over with tears, wetting his cheeks. The zipper couldn’t be that stuck, but his bladder was burning to release, and it was becoming clear that he wouldn’t be able to hold it until he could get it free. Having been so close to relief, going back to the waiting stage was simply impossible. The pee was already spurting out uncontrollably into his jeans. He yanked at the fly, desperately trying to get it down before he pissed himself completely, but to no avail. Each failed tug left him wetter. When four or five spurts had come out, he switched strategies and began trying to tear his pants off without bothering with the fly, but they wouldn’t budge. The fit was just too tight, and it was too late anyway; he was having an accident. The pee streamed down his legs, soaking his butt, thighs, and ankles, and finally his shoes.

When he was done peeing, he stood still for a minute or two, coming to terms with the fact that he’d just peed his pants in public, completely unintentionally. It had been a while since that had happened.

Finally there was a knock at the door.

It was Ezra.

They smiled at him, their ears upright and relaxed. “Whoops,” they said. “Guess you didn’t make it?”

“The zipper was stuck…” he said.

Ezra stepped in and pulled the boy into a hug, ignoring the fact that the contact was getting their pants wet too.

“It’s all right, my lovey boy,” they said. “You’re a very good boy. We’ll get you cleaned up as soon as we’re home. You can borrow my hoodie to cover up until then. Are you all right?”

He couldn’t speak, but he nodded into their chest. Their paw came to the back of his head to hold him as he cried.

“You’re a purrfect boy,” they said again. “A purrfect boy.”

