A Wetting Story as Told by a Friend: 2

Author: sobebomb

*000*2018-01-15 04:56

The long weekend was almost over. The other day I had released my bladder outside amongst the grass and dew, underneath a great, star filled sky. I would love to say that I gave away to the extasy and bliss wetting my panties brought me but it didn’t. I showered that night and even though I thought of what i did, and how much i enjoyed it, I didn’t tie it to myself sexually. The next morning, though, I tingled down there. Like a fire that crept into my panties. It kinda burned for my hand and i gave into it that morning, smoldering it out with my wetness.

I was off today, and so I decided to spend it at home. Even after this mornings crotch fire, i kept the same panties on. Actually, if I remember right, i kept my pink pajama shirt on too. It was long enough to go to my knees anyways. I had taken Scotty out in just my bed clothes. Walked to the mailbox too. After making dinner, I decided to watch some television. I had been on my phone all day, searching for this an that. New shoes that were cheap. A nice skirt an a replenishing replacement of the bobby pins that kept disappearing, one at a time.

It was just ramen and i had thrown in a few other things like a fried egg a kimchi but as i got to the middle of the program, my bladder was feeling full. Then, that fire slowly crept into my panties. I looked around. My bed was on the floor, just a box spring underneath. My sheets had just been washed, so that was out of the question. I watched the rest of the show only feeling a slight discomfort. When it was over, i let it go into the next one. My bladder urged me to get up an i did, making my way to the toilet when that little ‘fire’ ignited. So instead, I grabbed a towel an sat down with it covering the sheets. Glad i did too because the intro finished an the show began. Ugh, recap of the last episode i just finished.

I rolled my eyes an my hand drifted towards my panties. I knew then that i was going to make an effort to sit in my own puddle. I laughed at the thought but it made that ‘fire’ burn more. I looked intently at my panties as I pushed. My bladder didnt give but the muscles in my vagina moved. Cross legged wasn’t going to work so I spread my legs open. I pulled the covers over my knees an i relaxed as the recap ended. Then it happened. Not five minutes in, I relaxed an felt that ‘fire’ but then wetness an warmth. I ripped the covers off an looked at my panties again. A wet spot the size of a quarter was contrasted against the light blue panties i had on. I relaxed more, curious...An nothing. More movement underneath my panties but not a bigger wet spot. So i pushed softly, forgetting i was watching the show. My hand grazed the wetness, an that ‘fire’ ignited again. I pushed more an finally, there it was.

My bladder emptied into my panties. The towel underneath soaking it up. Clear, no scent, it poured right out, turning my white towel slightly yellow as the spot spread out from underneath my bottom. It felt so good. The more i felt my panties tighten when i pushed; the stream nearly hissing out of me; an the relaxing. After i pushed, i relaxed, letting the pee fill my panties an cover my bum. After each push I’d relax and sigh. That sigh was a sense of relief from the pee. It was notva relief from the flames that crept up into my panties, begging for my hand to quench its thirst.

I didnt know i had to go that bad! It didn’t just flow out of me but i saw where the towel was soaked. It kinda scared me. I didn’t want to get my bed wet! So I jumped up, and carefully rolled the blanket up. To my suprise, even though i had soaked through the towel I hadn’t wet the bed. I looked up at the television, an paused it with the remote. I peeled back the towel i had hastily folded an realized that i had accidentally sat on two towels. What luck.

I got up an first thing i felt as I walked to the laundry room was that tell tale sign i had peed my underwear, that sagging back. It turned me on to be honest. I wanted to see it. So I found a mirror and looked at my light blue undies an what i saw sent that ‘flame’ into overdrive! My hands forcefully dove into the front of my panties but that story though is for another time an place

