Until We Get Home

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-07-31 04:05

“There he is,” Shane pointed to a spot on the sidewalk where Spencer stood, a laundry bag slumped on the ground behind him.

“I see him,” Sloane responded, and Shane refrained from rolling his eyes at how short Sloane already sounded.

Sloane maneuvered his beloved old Miata between the lines of cars making up the pre-Thanksgiving traffic in front of Spencer’s dorm and pulled up alongside his brother. Before the car was even in park, Spencer was at the trunk, and Shane was hopping out of the front seat, trying to allow Sloane to get back on the road as quickly as possible.

Shane, Sloane, and Spencer Collins were identical triplets who few people ever actually categorized as identical. The brothers were close, of course, having spent all 19 years of their lives together, but had decidedly different interests and temperaments.

Spencer was the introvert of the group: soft-spoken, thin, and slightly neurotic. Allergic and asthmatic, his tendency toward carsickness motivated Shane’s willing shift to the backseat.

Functionally, Sloane was the oldest; he’d always been more confident and outspoken than Shane and Spencer, and even looked older due to his choice of haircut, facial hair, and the extra 20 pounds of muscle he’d worked to pack onto his 6’1” body. He was also the most easily irritated, a trait that did not mix well with his current position behind the wheel on the busiest traffic day of the year.

Between his brothers in both size and temperament, Shane often served as the mediator, translating Spencer’s medical issues for Sloane and making an effort to include Sloane in the activities that Spencer more naturally shared with Shane. Shane played many of the same sports as Sloane, though not with the same fervor or skill, but spent lots of time with Spencer, establishing joint interests in TV, comics, and video games.

Following Shane’s example, Sloane gradually exhibited the same kind of protectiveness and deference to Spencer. Though he would never admit it, it eventually became obvious that Sloane was far more likely to say “yes” to Spencer than to pretty much anyone else.

But Spencer wasn’t on Sloane’s mind at the moment; Sloane had already driven three hours and was itching to cover the remaining 120 miles to get home. Unfortunately, thousands of other drivers on the road also had the same goal, and traffic around Spencer’s university was currently moving well below the speed limit. Sloane took pride in both owning his own car and attending the college furthest away from home, but the price for these symbols of freedom was that he then had to, when possible, take care of picking up and dropping off his brothers and their respective schools on his way to and from their home. As freshman, this trip was their first real test in riding back from college together. Unfortunately, the excessive holiday traffic was surely going to make the normally two-hour trip from Spencer’s university much longer.

Sensing their brother’s rising tension, Shane and Spencer almost immediately fell silent. They let Sloane turn up the radio to try to alleviate his frustration with the slow pace.

From the back seat, Shane kept an eye on Spencer. The teen looked shifty and uncomfortable, and Shane didn’t want Sloane to get annoyed with their brother’s fidgeting. Fortunately, the noise from the radio and the demands of driving were enough to keep Sloane from noticing his passenger.

After nearly two hours and only 20 miles of progress, the gridlock finally eased. They were beyond the city bypass, so most of the cars had exited in the suburbs. All three teens breathed individual sighs of relief as Sloane was able to accelerate to a reasonable freeway speed.

Ten miles further down the highway, Sloane turned down the radio slightly, indicating that he no longer needed the pounding bass to keep his irritation in check. The traffic had been clear for miles, and Sloane had apparently decided that the rest of the trip would be smooth and expedient.

Noticing both the comparative lack of traffic and the decreased radio volume, Spencer took the opportunity to break the vocal silence. “Hey, Sloane?”

“Yeah, Spence?” Still slightly terse, Sloane’s voice was still more gentle than it would have been with anyone else.

“Now that traffic is better, could we…stop somewhere?”

Shane saw the driver’s shoulder’s twitch. “No way, Spence. I’m not dragging out this trip anymore.”

Spencer repositioned himself, but didn’t argue. They were less than 100 miles from home; maybe Sloane would be more amenable to suggestion when they got a bit further away from the city.

Twenty minutes later, Spencer tried his luck again. “Sloane?” Sloane grunted in response. “Can we stop, please? I really need to use the restroom.”

“Are you kidding me, Spence?” Sloane snapped. “We’ve only got an hour to go. You had to’ve gone before I picked you up.”

“I did,” Spencer replied, chastened at the juvenile implications of his brother’s words. “But the traffic…please…”

“Come on, Sloane,” Shane chimed in from the back, chiding. “There’s no traffic anymore. It’ll be a 2-minute stop.”

“Sloane, I really have to go!” Spencer’s voice edged toward a whine.

“Spencer!” Sloane barked, making both his brother’s jump. “I’m not stopping! You can hold it until we get home!” He turned the music back up, signaling the end of the conversation.

Shane saw Spencer burrow into the front seat, defeated. He knew there was no arguing with Sloane when he made up his mind. Sloane was driving fast, and they really weren’t that far from home. He could make it.

Spencer held his own for the next 40 minutes or so, but when Sloane turned off the main highway, he felt his control starting to slip. He decided to try one more time.

“Slooooooooooane…”

“Kid, I swear to God, we are not stopping. We have, like, 15 minutes to go. This is ridiculous.”

Spencer was now jerking erratically, trying to bring his feelings of desperation under control. “Sloane, I can’t hold it!”

Unmoved by his brother’s childish phrasing, Sloane wouldn’t give in. “We are way too close to stop. Dance, hold your dick, do whatever you’ve gotta do, but we are not stopping!” He hissed the last couple of words through clenched teeth, his knuckles white on the steering wheel.

Spencer whimpered, but took Sloane’s permission to shove his hand between his legs. The childish move brought much-needed relief and control. His bladder was still uncomfortably full, but knowing that he could hold himself and squirm without worrying about reprisal from Sloane (for the moment) made Spencer feel a lot better about his chances for making it, if not to a toilet, then at least out of Sloane’s precious car.

Sloane kept his word and drove swiftly. He didn’t say a word in jest of his triplet’s blatant potty dance in the seat next to him, and Spencer, aided by the grip of his hands in his crotch, didn’t ask again to stop.

When Sloane pulled into the driveway and hit the garage door opener, both he and Spencer visibly relaxed. Spencer didn’t ease his grip, but he was grateful (and oddly proud of himself) that he wouldn’t lose control in Sloane’s car.

Spencer unhooked his seat belt as Sloane eased the car into the garage and put it in park. It had been a long drive, but they were both glad to be home, and Sloane felt his irritation at the length of the trip and fear for his car’s passenger seat dissipate.

“Alright, boys,” Sloane allowed himself a small smile in Spencer’s direction. “We made it.” He turned toward Shane in the back seat. “Let’s just hope the drive back doesn’t ta-WHAT THE FUCK?!?!”

### One hour earlier ###

“…hold it until we get home!”

Shane saw Spencer burrow into the front seat, defeated, and had to bite his own tongue to keep from screaming. He knew it was no use; if Sloane wouldn’t stop for Spencer, he sure as hell wouldn’t stop for him.

And Shane had to pee.

His university was between Sloane and Spencer’s, so he’d been picked up first. He’d already felt the urge to go by the time they reached Spencer, but with the chaos in the parking lot and around the dorm, he hadn’t dared ask Sloane for a chance to run inside and find a bathroom. He’d been sure that he could make it the two hours until they got home.

But he’d never really experienced pre-Thanksgiving, university-student-driven traffic before, so he hadn’t anticipated the near-doubling of their trip time. And with the lack of conversation predicated by Sloane’s annoyance, Shane had started nervously, unconsciously, sipping from his water bottle to pass the time.

An hour into traffic, Shane was desperate, but he knew better than to open his mouth. He knew Sloane was unlikely to respond kindly. He could only hope that the highway would clear and Shane would ask for a rest stop.

By the time the traffic abated, Shane had resorted to holding himself, grateful to be in the backseat. He was so uncomfortable, but if Spence got Sloane to stop, then Shane was pretty sure he could muster up enough composure to make it to a bathroom without openly grasping his dick the whole time.

And then Sloane had refused. And Shane knew he was done for.

Sloane turned the music back up, and Shane took advantage of the din to whine softly. He’d leaked a little bit when Sloane had yelled at Spencer, and he could feel the damp spot on his boxers against his skin.

As Spencer shifted periodically in the front seat, Shane was unable to keep still at all in the back. He tried unbuttoning his jeans to ease the pressure on his bladder, but that only offered a few minutes of respite. He could feel every tiny bump in the road, and each one cost him another spurt. He lost track of time; he lost track of everything. His eyes teared up with the pain of holding, and he couldn’t stop thinking of how mad Sloane would be if he made a mess in his car.

Forty-ish minutes later, Shane jumped at the sound of Spencer’s voice from the front seat, begging for a stop. Sloane refused, as Shane knew he would. They were too close to home, not that it mattered to Shane.

He wasn’t going to make it. All his leaks on the highway had created a wet patch the size of a dinner plate on his lap, and the pressure of his bladder was so severe, it was making his head hurt.

In the front, Sloane was telling Spencer to do whatever it took to hold it, completely unaware that Shane had been doing all those things – dancing, wriggling, holding himself – for the past 45 minutes. And it wasn’t working anymore.

Under the auditory cover of Sloane’s music, Shane lost all control. His bladder gave one final surge, and the pain of it made Shane gasp and lurch forward, releasing his grip on his cock to wrap his arms around his abdomen.

Warm liquid gushed into his lap, too quickly to be absorbed by his jeans. Urine pooled between his legs, running down his thighs and soaking into every available inch of fabric. He felt pee leech up the back of his boxers and jeans; still hunched forward, his hoodie started to sop up some of the puddle still growing on his lap.

Shuddering with the forceful evacuation of urine from his body, Shane hung his head, symbolically hiding from his two brothers, neither of whom were paying attention to him in the first place. He peed for longer than he could ever remember peeing. Somewhere in the middle of his accident, he remembered his water bottle. In his shame, he tried to convince himself that it was gross to pee into a half-full Nalgene bottle, and besides, there’s no way it would have held all he was going, anyway, right?

It seemed to take forever for Shane to finally stop wetting himself. As his senses cleared, he became re-aware of the music on the radio and the familiar sights of their town passing by outside the car.

Oh, God. He’d just pissed all over himself, and all over Sloane’s car. Shane opened his eyes – he hadn’t even realized he’d been squeezing them shut – to see the damage. His jeans were drenched. Obviously drenched. There was even a puddle on the all-weather floor mats and a splotch on the front pocket of his hoodie. The positioning of the wetness made it obvious what had happened. There would be no hiding. His only chance was if Sloane somehow stormed inside without looking at him…

### Now ###

“…THE FUCK?!?!” Sloane’s bellow seemed to rattle the car windows. “Is this a fucking joke?? I tell Spence to do whatever it takes not to piss in my car, and you decide to just go all over the back seat??”

Shane felt his face burn. “I didn’t decide-“

“We weren’t even in the car that long!! Does no one in this family have the common sense to piss BEFORE a damn road trip??” Sloane’s eyes popped with uncomprehending rage.

In the passenger seat, Spencer, hand still between his legs, looked back and forth between his brothers like he was watching a tennis match. He whimpered softly.

“Spence, it’s fine. Just go inside,” Shane murmured, at the same time Sloane ordered “Go to the bathroom, Spencer.”

With one final, apologetic look back at Shane, who nodded, Spencer opened the car door and dashed into the house, hand between his legs all the while.

There was a brief silence before Sloane turned again to glare at Shane, his voice low with barely-contained rage. “Spencer could hold it. Spencer can’t even run a half mile without needing his inhaler, but he can at least keep his fucking pants dry. Which you, obviously, can’t.”

Shane furrowed his brow in anger. “I was in the car longer than he was, you know,” he growled defensively.

“And I was in the car longer than both of you, and yet you don’t see piss all over my pants!” Sloane snapped back. “You didn’t think to tell me you were going to wet yourself?”

“Spencer told you!” Shane snapped, finally looking up to scowl at his brother. “If you wouldn’t let him go, you sure as hell wouldn’t have stopped for me and you know it!”

Sloane snorted, furious, but unable to argue. “Don’t you dare come inside until you’ve washed my car. I don’t want the smell to sink in,” he grumbled.

“I got it,” Shane muttered as Sloane stormed out of the car and slammed the door.

Shane inhaled, a deep, shuddering breath. Coming down off the adrenaline of both wetting himself and being caught by Sloane left him with nothing but the crushing humiliation of having wet himself at age 19.

After a minute, he finally extricated himself from the back seat, feeling the sticky weight of his wet jeans hanging off his hips. He looked down at the seat and saw the size of the stain he’d made. With a sigh, he walked to the garage shelf where Sloane kept all his excessively specific car care materials and found the special fabric cleaner.

There was something profoundly shaming about bending into a car, scrubbing your own urine out of the seat. Rag in hand, Shane felt his emotions slip into the shaky mire than comes with exhaustion. Before he knew it, tears slipped from his eyes, dripping off the tip of his nose.

It was then that Shane felt a hand on his shoulder.

“I’ll do it,” Spencer whispered.

Shane sniffled. He wasn’t fond of letting either of his brothers see him cry, but he was far too drained to make much of an effort at the moment, and better Spencer than Sloane.

Still bent over the seat, rag in hand, Shane turned his head to look up at his brother, his eyes red with tears. “Did you make it OK?” he asked softly, bound by years of habit to care for Spencer’s well-being.

Spencer reddened slightly. “Yeah.” In truth, his underwear hadn’t remained completely dry, but now didn’t seem like the best time to lament his own situation, given the state of Shane’s own pants.

“I’ll finish cleaning,” Spencer repeated his offer. “You go inside.” The ‘and get yourself cleaned up’ didn’t need to be said.

Shane wasn’t fond of the idea of someone else having to clean up after him, but the chafing of his wet jeans and the overwhelming fatigue got the best of him. “You sure?” he whispered.

Spencer nodded, reaching for the rag. Shane felt his lip start to tremble as he handed it over. He wasn’t used to this reversal – Spencer taking care of him – but he was grateful for it.

Inside, Shane saw the backyard lights on through the kitchen windows, which meant that Sloane had gone outside to shoot around at the basketball hoop. At least Shane wouldn’t have to face him again just yet.

Shane peeled off his wet clothes in the bathroom, newly disgusted at the sheer size of his accident. He couldn’t believe he’d lost control so completely; he felt like he’d never get over this. He’d always have to carry around the shame of wetting his pants, completely sober, in his brother’s car.

He showered until the hot water ran out, but still didn’t feel clean. Having fabric soaked in your own urine pressed against your skin for over 20 minutes isn’t a feeling that goes away lightly.

Shane wasn’t even sure what time it was when he finally left the bathroom. He hadn’t eaten dinner, but only sleep sounded appealing to him now. He gingerly grabbed his soiled clothes, wrapping the drenched jeans and boxers in the hoodie so he wouldn’t have to hold onto wet cloth, and strode down the hallway to the washing machine. Starting the laundry, Shane turned back toward his room, desperate to escape for the night.

“Shane.”

For the second time that night, Shane heard the voice of one of his brothers addressing him from silence. This time, though, it was Sloane’s raspier tones calling out for his attention.

Reflexively, Shane blushed. “Your car’s taken care of,” he mumbled.

Sloane sighed. “I know. I…” he paused and looked down at his feet, shuffling nervously. “I…didn’t mean to…do that to you. I’m sorry.”

Somehow, Sloane’s apology made Shane feel even smaller than his earlier screaming. He knew Sloane felt bad, but every second in front of him just reminded Shane of how badly he’d screwed up.

“My fault,” Shane replied, wanting nothing more than to get out of the conversation. “I won’t-“

“Look,” Sloane interrupted, a bit frantically, “I promise, I won’t be a dick next time. If you or Spence needs to…I’ll stop, I…”

“Yeah, Sloane, I just…” Shane’s face was burning, and he felt tears prick at his eyes. He just wanted to get to his room. “It’s fine,” he finished, moving to get up the stairs.

“Yeah…yeah, OK,” Sloane nodded and stepped out of the way.

As brothers, they’d be fine. They’d both get past the events of the drive, though it would be a long, long time before Shane could laugh about it.

But for tonight, there was nothing more to say.

*004*2016-08-07 01:41

{{On 7/31/2016 at 2:18 AM, bazinga said:

Oh my gosh my heart hurts for these brothers! I'm so glad to see that you're back! <3 Beautifully written once again xo

}}

Eh, pain is what I do. Apparently :/ Glad you enjoyed it!

{{On 8/1/2016 at 10:33 PM, RebelRebel said:

I almost missed this and I'm so glad I didn't! It was so good! Are you going to be posting any more?

}}

Yes! It's been a crazy summer, but I should have more time to write once the semester starts. I have a bunch of ideas, including a couple multi-part stories. I hope to post again in a few weeks!

