Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*021*2023-01-26 00:52

Some discussion of surgery here, but it's fairly glossed over since River wasn't awake for it, and I kinda skipped straight to the "important" (read; piss-related) parts. But, that does mean there's some description of catheter-use. (Nothing about it being inserted.) Everyone's experience with catheterization will be different, so what River feels here is based off how it felt for me.

I don't think everybody is required to have an ultrasound before a phalloplasty, but I did have one since there was something specific they wanted to check, and they did require a full bladder for it (I may write about my own experience with that some day, since me being pee-shy made it a little harder lol). River would have been told to have this procedure as well.

***

When Hugo had first met River, had first found this hurt, angry boy that reminded him so much of his lost son, Hugo had at first had no idea what River’s situation was.

He’d just seen someone that was extremely combative, lashing out, and obviously deeply wounded. He’d seen someone that seemed to have nobody at all. He’d seen someone that needed help and guidance. He’d offered River a place to sleep for a while, and when River had crawled into his car, he’d reminded Hugo of an abused feral cat, not at all capable of trust. He’d wondered what could have happened for such a young person to behave that way, for such a young person to be out on the streets all alone.

When he’d gotten River home, he’d fed him and was startled by how fast River stuffed food into his mouth, by how aggressively he acted when Hugo got close to him, like he was scared the food was about to snatched away if he didn’t protect it and eat it as fast as he could. At that point, River had only said a few words to Hugo, answering his questions with single word answers.

“Are you okay?”

“Yes.”

“Are you hurt?”

“Kinda.”

“Where do you live?”

“Nowhere.”

“Have you got a family?”

“No.”

“Do you have somewhere to sleep?”

“No.”

“Do you want somewhere to sleep?”

“Okay.”

“How do you feel?”

“Hungry.”

But, when Hugo made his next offer to River, he finally managed to get more of a response from him. “Your clothes… Let me wash them.”

It was like he’d just asked River if he wanted to be stabbed. “No!” He’d backed away, wrapping his arms around himself.

“I don’t mean you need to take them off right in front of me—“ Hugo said cautiously, understanding why River was so bothered. He’d just taken in a guy who looked maybe… Nineteen…? Twenty…? It was hard to tell since River was so malnourished and scrawny. He’d taken this guy home, had given him food, had been coming across perhaps as overly nice. He knew how it must have looked to River. River didn’t act like he’d ever had someone be nice to him just for the sake of being nice. “I meant in the bathroom, behind the door. I’ll give you some pajamas, and—“

“I— I can’t—“ River was shaking. “I can’t… You— You don’t want to know what I am…”

River was wearing long sleeves, long pants… He wasn’t sure why River had been without a home, but lots of people in his situation tended to have had issues with drugs. “Hey, if you’ve got scars,” Hugo said. “If you don’t want me to see them, I’ll just get you some PJs that cover them up… But, I don’t care if you have a gnarly scar, it’s—“

“I can’t!” River repeated, voice raising.

Hugo stepped back, holding a hand out, in the way he would if he was trying to pet that abused, feral cat River reminded him of. “Okay… Okay… I do think you’d feel better if you took a shower, though.”

River continued to tremble. He stroked the unruly stubble coating his chin, and shook more. “I— I’ll take a bath…” he said at last. “Y—You can wash my clothes… But…” he crossed his arms over his chest, each hand holding the opposite arm in a vice. “I need… I need bandages…”

“You’re hurt,” Hugo finished. So, that was what this was about. He had an injury, and he didn’t want Hugo to see it. “Where are you hurt? Your chest? Let me—“

“NO!” River shot all the way to the other end of the room when Hugo reached for him. “I’ll do it! Just— I need bandages, the kind they wrap around you if your arm’s swelling up, okay?”

Hugo knit his brow. “Something’s swollen? Have you broken something?”

“Nooo,” River said. “It’s nothing, I just NEED them.”

Hugo reluctantly went into the bathroom to check. He wished River would tell him what was hurting him so he could help, so he could take River to a clinic if he needed to, but if River didn’t trust him enough yet, that was fine too. That was understandable. He did have the sort of bandage River was asking for, and he told him as much.

River finally agreed to take a shower then. Hugo listened as he did, for any whimpers of pain that would suggest River’s injury was more serious than he was letting on. He didn’t hear any, though. Once the water was off, River stayed in there for a VERY long time. Hugo heard the bandages being ripped, and clothing ruffling, and then silence as River just… stayed there.

Hugo didn’t know what all River had been doing on the streets, he hadn’t been ACTING like he was high, but then again, Hugo didn’t know what high LOOKED like. Maybe all that defensiveness was a sign of something else… Fearing the worst, he knocked on the door. “Are you okay?”

“Y—Yes!” River called back.

“Can you come out now?”

“I— I don’t…” he broke off, sniffling. “I can’t…”

“Why not?” Hugo asked. “Are you oka—“

“You haven’t got enough bandages…” River said miserably. “It’s not… It’s not working, and—“

“… Can I come in?”

“No, please… Just… Just leave me alone. I’ll go. I’m sorry for taking up your time. I’m sorry for…” River was crying now, and it twisted something inside Hugo.

Hugo opened the door, and stepped inside. “Hey…” he said. “Don’t cry. Whatever it is, I’m sure it’s not so bad…”

River hiccuped, his arms once more crossing over his chest. “N—No, don’t look at me!”

“I want to help you out,” Hugo said. “It looks like you’re in a lot of pain. Can you tell me what’s wrong?”

“Y—You’ll make me leave…” River sobbed. “You’ll be… You’ll hate me…”

“I’m not going to make you leave,” Hugo said. “Just, let me help you. I promise, whatever it is, it will be okay.”

“It won’t be…” River said. “Nothing can fix it… SEE?” He pulled his arms away, and Hugo looked. At first, he had no idea what River was talking about, but then he noticed it, River’s chest wasn’t flat and smooth, and he was way too thin for what Hugo was seeing to merely be excess fat.

Hugo was perplexed for a second. River had stubble on his face, messy facial hair that hadn’t been trimmed in too long. His voice wasn’t super deep, but it wasn’t anything like a woman’s. But, then he also had… He wanted bandages to stop swelling… “Does… Um… Is that what it looks like if you broke your ribs…?”

Silence permeated the bathroom, and then to Hugo’s astonishment, River’s sobs turned into laughs. Laughter that made him double over and hold his sides, and that would have been excruciating if his ribs had been broken. Once River had calmed down, he said “Is THAT what you think?”

“Well… Yeah,” Hugo said, unable to come up with any other reason, except maybe… “Er, did you… Did you use steroids?” That seemed unlikely given how skin and bones River was…

“No,” River said. “But… It is because of something else I took… But, I didn’t want to take it, that’s… That’s why I’m alone now.”

“Can you tell me about it?”

From there, River had explained a lot of things to Hugo. Hugo had never heard the word ‘intersex’ before, had no idea that there were people out there who were in between male and female, had no idea how those people were sometimes treated after they were born. “So, your doctors and your family decided to make you into a girl?”

“Yes,” River said. “But, I never was one. And it made me feel awful, so when I found out that those pills were the only reason I was turning into a woman, I stopped taking them. My parents got mad and made me leave.”

“How old were you?”

“Sixteen.”

“Jesus Christ…” Hugo breathed. “Alright, I can’t say I understand ALL that stuff you just told me about, like, chromosomes and hormones and everything else, but I can tell you that throwing your child out at sixteen because some pills made them feel uncomfortable is a load of nonsense— Did you NEED to have that surgery done when you were a baby, or the pills?”

“Nope,” River said. “When I found out, my Dad told me that I would have been healthy without the surgery and without the pills, but that I would have ‘confused’ other people too much if I stayed that way.”

“That doesn’t make any sense,” Hugo said. “I was confused at first, but then you just… Explained it. And I guess it’s new, and I’m probably gonna say some stupid stuff to you for a bit because I’m not getting it, but I’m not gonna throw you out of here over it. I still want to help you.”

So, that was what Hugo had tried to do. He’d just… Had no idea WHAT to do. He got River more bandages so he could keep his chest flattened, and that made River happy. But, they also seemed to HURT him. He struggled to run, and seemed to fight to catch his breath often. He slept with the bandages still on, and was often found rubbing his shoulders and wincing with pain. Hugo started to wonder if the bandages were the right thing. He couldn’t think of anything else, and River was always upset if he didn’t have them.

One day, after seeing River fidgeting at the material beneath his shirt again, Hugo had an idea. “So… All this started because somebody gave you a surgery you didn’t want, right?”

River nodded. That was the simplest way to explain it… “If they’d just left me alone, I would have been…” he trailed off.

“But, what if a different surgery can fix it?” Hugo asked. “Put it back the way it was, or better, or… Something?”

River shook his head. “There’s a surgery to get rid of the chest. And another that can fix… down there. But, they’re both really expensive. I’ll never be able to do either one. I just have to learn to—“

Hugo shook his head. “Don’t say ‘never’, River. Maybe we’ll think of something.”

River shrugged. He’d accepted long ago that he was going to have to live with what had been done to his body for the rest of his life. He’d been working for Hugo’s furniture business for months by then and it was nice— certainly better than any other job River had ever worked— but they lived in a small apartment, their hours of meticulous work only getting them the barest of essentials. River was fine with that, it was still more than he’d had in a long time. But, nowhere near enough to pay for surgeries.

But, then Hugo let River in on a secret. Their business was actually making a bit MORE money than he’d been letting on. But, the vast majority of it had been going to charities to help victims of gun violence. “For a while,” Hugo said. “I can donate to YOU instead.”

River was shocked, utterly shocked, that a human could exist that was as giving as Hugo was. Here he was, making enough money to live in an actual house and eat out often, but he was choosing instead to cut back so that he could help others. A burning had ignited in the backs of River’s eyes then, he’d believed for so long that everyone on Earth was out only for themselves, that they’d all gladly step on each other to get ahead…

River had done the work to find the right doctors, and Hugo had gone with him to the appointments. When River revealed how he’d been dealing with his chest, he’d actually gotten scolded a bit. The bandages had been the wrong method, they’d put him at risk of ACTUALLY breaking a rib like Hugo had initially guessed. He was given something else to wear until the date of his top surgery, and he found it much more comfortable than the bandages. “You need to take it off when you go to bed,” the doctor said. “Don’t forget.”

“… Should he have been taking the bandages off before he sleeps, too?” Hugo asked.

At that, the doctor insisted on examining River more thoroughly for a second. River was reluctant, but complied, and was relieved nothing was too terribly wrong.

A couple months later, his chest was all fixed up, and even though he was recovering from a surgery, he felt better than he ever had. “When’s the next step?” Hugo asked him.

Fixing River’s lower parts was going to be trickier. River was scared that his Intersex condition would make Phalloplasty impossible, but after he saw the surgeon for the first time, he was promised there was nothing to worry about.

At the time, River wasn’t entirely sure if he needed a hysterectomy or not. “My Dad mentioned I have… ‘internal testes’,” River said. “So, I guess someone must have checked out my insides when I was really little, and I just don’t remember it. He didn’t say if the testes meant there wasn’t something else.”

River told everyone that he’d never gotten a period in his life, and that he assumed that meant there wasn’t anything in there, but they still wanted to confirm. There was still a small possibility that he had at least one ovary, even if it wasn’t functional.

The easiest way to know for sure was to give River an ultrasound, which he didn’t think he’d mind doing. Until he learned that he’d need to arrive for the exam with a full bladder. A really, really full bladder. He began to dread the examination.

When the day came, he woke up in desperate need of the bathroom, like he always did. But, he was advised by Hugo not to waste his pee. “You might not fill up again in time for your appointment.”

River paused with his hand against the restroom door. Miserably, he shimmied his hips and said “It’s already an emergency, though…”

“I know, but your appointment is pretty soon,” Hugo told him.

River shuffled between his feet, gazing longingly at the bathroom. Just looking at the door was making his bladder squeeze. He didn’t think he could contain this until his appointment. At least, not ALL of it. He had an idea, but wasn’t sure if it would work. “Could I just go a little bit?” He asked.

“River—“

“I mean— I’ll pee for, like, ten seconds. Just so it’s not as bad. Then I’ll hold the rest of it, I promise.”

Hugo looked at him skeptically. Hugo had certainly never been capable of stopping a piss partway through. The way River was staring at him, his eyes filled with pure need, his body twitching and writhing through his desperation made Hugo REALLY want to give in. “Okay…” he said finally. “But, make SURE you stop.”

River nodded, gasping out a “Thanks!” As he shoved open the restroom’s door. Crossing his legs tightly, he opened the lid on the toilet, then pushed down his pants. His bladder was searing. Just being in this room was murder on the bloated organ. He lowered himself above the bowl, one hand gripped onto the sink counter beside the toilet for balance. Then, he leaned his upper body forward a little and finally allowed his urine to start pouring.

With a relieved breath, River thought to himself ‘Pretty soon, I’m not gonna have to piss this way anymore, I’ll be able to just go…’ He looked down, making sure his pee WAS falling into the toilet, rather than gushing too far forwards and hitting the seat. Once he’d confirmed he wasn’t making a mess, he started to relax further, his stream picking up speed. Ahhh, that was bett—

But then there was a knock on the door. “That’s been more than ten seconds, River,” Hugo called.

Oh, right… River wasn’t supposed to let himself finish. With a pained grunt, he clamped down on his holding muscles and tried to put an end to his flood. He restrained it, but a few more eager trickles managed to push their way out. Finally, he shoved a hand up against himself and held it there for a few seconds, and he was able to stop going. Something inside him felt like it was being pinched and he moaned loudly in pain. It took him several more seconds to manage to get his pants back up and leave the restroom.

“Did that help at all?” Hugo asked him.

River paused and considered it. His bladder was definitely irritated now, annoyed that it hadn’t been able to drain itself completely. But, he also didn’t feel the pressure all the way up to his ribcage anymore, so it was a LITTLE better. “I… I guess now I feel like I’m gonna burst in ten minutes instead of in ten seconds,” he said. “That’s gotta count for something.”

“That’s good,” Hugo said, then hesitated. “I… I know you aren’t gonna like this, but you should have one glass of water before we go…”

“I don’t think I’ve got anywhere to PUT it until I ‘go’,” River complained.

“You heard what they told you at the last appointment, you need to be… ‘full’.”

“I am beyond full already!” River said. “Please— I can’t fit anymore, I’ll—“

“Half a glass,” Hugo interrupted. “Okay? That a good compromise?”

River didn’t know if he could take even a SIP, but half a glass was still better than a whole one. “O—Okay, fine…”

Hugo went to the kitchen and retrieved a glass. River doubled over when he heard the sink come on, heard the water tinkling into the receptacle. The respite his ten seconds of relief had granted him was rapidly evaporating. And now he was gonna have to put MORE fluid into himself.

Hugo returned and held the glass out to River. River used the hand NOT shoved between his thighs to take it. He didn’t even think the glass was necessary, he half expected the sonographer to come in, see how utterly desperate he was, and say “Oh no, when we said ‘full’, we didn’t mean THIS full! Go let some of that out and come back!”

River forced the glass up to his lips and parted them. When the cool liquid coated over his tongue, he started to shudder. Swallowing it made it feel like an iron fist had slammed into his bladder. He forced himself to continue, forced himself to keep drinking, to keep filling up a container that was already at the edge of overflowing. He pulled the glass away from his mouth like it was full of molten lava. There was still a TINY bit of water left in the bottom, and he hoped Hugo wouldn’t make him finish it.

“Is that all you can do?” Hugo asked. “Just one more sip, River…”

River shook his head, like Hugo just requested him to pour acid all over his feet. “Please, no more… I— I need to actually MAKE IT to the appointment, remember?” As the words flew from his mouth, he realized he hadn’t even considered THAT possibility yet. He’d only been thinking about how horridly uncomfortable the drive would be, how torturous the exam itself would be.

He hadn’t thought about how he may actually have an accident before he even GOT there. There was a fairly good chance of that, too…

“Okay, okay,” Hugo said. “I guess by the time you’re there, you should be ready.”

“I am so fucking ready right now…” River mumbled. Beseechingly, he looked up at Hugo again. “Could I… Maybe… Have ANOTHER ten seconds before we—“

“I don’t think that’s a good idea, River. It sounded like you just barely stopped yourself the last time… Let’s just go. This won’t take too long, I promise. And the doctor’s office is really close. It’ll all be over before you know it!”

River frowned and chewed on his lip. He didn’t think this would be done quickly enough for him. His bladder was gnarled and angry, thrashing around and sending shooting pains up his back. He tried to recall if he’d ever needed it this badly before…

Hugo didn’t LIKE having to make River suffer like this. It made his chest hurt to deny River something he needed so horrifically. But, this was a step on the road to improving River’s life monumentally, one morning of (very severe) discomfort was a small price to pay. He hoped River would see it that way once it was all over.

He hoped River would MAKE it…

As Hugo drove, River fidgeted in the passenger seat, yanking desperately on his seat belt, trying out every position he could. He kept muttering curses to himself, occasionally just moaning “I have to peeeeee!” under his breath. His hands dug between his legs and his feet tapped constantly. “How far are we?” River asked suddenly.

“You’ve been there before, you know where—“

“How many more minutes!?” River groaned. “I— Ah— I can’t even see straight!”

“Maybe five more minu—“

“Holy fuck, stop the car, I gotta use a bush NOW.”

“River—“

“Ten seconds!” River blurted. “I won’t let it all out, just— Just please, another ten seconds, I NEED to—“

“We’re almost there, River,” Hugo promised. “This is important to you, isn’t it?”

“Yesssss,” River gritted. “I— I know that I have to do this, but— Christ, PISSING is super important to me right now, too!”

“I know it is, just hang on…” Hugo said.

They pulled into the parking lot and River scrambled out of the car. He jumped in place and held his crotch tightly. He didn’t care if anyone saw, he didn’t care if it was obvious that he was about to erupt like an overactive geyser. He was in the parking lot of a place that performed ultrasounds! He probably wasn’t the first person to be flailing and jiggling all around here.

Hugo had to guide him into the building and help him take a seat in the waiting room. River immediately scrunched up on himself, eyes glued closed as he took panicked, hurried gasps.

Hugo went to the receptionist and handled everything— No way could River do it himself right now. If HE tried to talk, all he’d be able to say is something along the lines of “For the love of God, PLEASE tell me I can use a fucking toilet soon!”

As Hugo filled out the paperwork, he spoke in a hushed tone. He knew River was beyond the point of caring, but he didn’t want to embarrass him. “And… Could you please try to call River back there as fast as you can? I’m sure you’ve seen this happen before, but he is… in VERY desperate need of the bathroom, and I’m not sure how much longer he can put it off.”

“Oh. Yeah. Everyone coming here for that needs to go,” the receptionist laughed. “A full bladder makes the scan better, so it’s actually awesome that he’s feeling uncomfortable.”

“I—It’s a little more than uncomfortable…” Hugo said. “Could you tell me how long it will take for him to be seen? Just so I can give him an estimate?”

“We’re a TINY bit backed up today,” the receptionist said. She was still smiling as she said it. Hugo was grateful River wasn’t here to see it, otherwise he may very well go ballistic. “But, we should get to him in about half an hour.”

Half an hour…

Hugo REALLY hoped River had that left in him.

Hugo took a seat beside River, whom was now folded in half and tying his legs in pained knots. “River, buddy, it’s gonna—“

“H—How much longer!?” River pleaded.

“Thirty minutes,” Hugo said.

River responded with an anguished moan, squeezing his thighs tightly around his clamped hands. That sounded like an eternity! Part of him wanted to get up, head over to the receptionist, and DEMAND that he be moved to the very FRONT of the line before he urinated all over the floor.

Hugo would not be pleased if he made a scene though, so he forced himself to remain in his chair and stay quiet. His bladder kept screeching and shouting for relief, though.

A girl on the other end of the room was clearly fighting hard not to pop, too. As River waited, he saw her get up and hobble to the receptionist’s desk multiple times. Eventually, she was speaking loudly enough that River could hear her.

“I’m about to wet my pants! I need to go next!”

Her voice pinged something in River’s brain, and it struck him that he actually KNEW this girl. Or, rather, he USED to. They’d gone to school together. He remembered her, her name was Becky. She and River had been lab partners in science class, back before River’s parents had evicted him and he’d needed to drop out of tenth grade.

River trembled for a different reason when he figured that out. He knew he looked a HELL of a lot different from how he had back then. He’d cut his hair a lot shorter, he’d dyed it blue. He had stubble on his face now. He didn’t have… the chest that he’d had before. Still, he worried that she’d recognize him, and that idea was frightening.

Even if Becky saw him, knew who he was and simply thought ‘Oh, I guess my old lab partner isn’t a girl anymore’, what if Becky then ran into his Mom and mentioned seeing him? What if Becky told his Mom what he’d looked like, how much progress he’d made? River had a terrible feeling that, if his Mom ever DID find out that he’d come this far, something absolutely awful would follow.

Luckily, Becky seemed too caught up in containing her bursting bladder to notice River and think that he may have looked like someone she used to know. River relaxed a bit then…

A bit TOO much. Fretting over Becky had distracted him from his bladder for a few minutes, and now his need was back in full force. His twisting and clutching could only help so much, and the pee inside him kept pushing so hard against his exit that he was trying not to cry.

When someone finally entered the waiting room and called his name, the relief River felt was astonishing. He forced himself onto his feet, rubbing his knees together as he limped off.

“River,” the nurse repeated. “Sorry it’s taken so long, we’ll see you in a couple more minutes.”

“But—“ River sputtered. “What— I— I’m about to—“

“I know,” the nurse said. “I see you DID come here with a full bladder— Good job! But, we’re going to have to push you back just a LITTLE bit, because one of the other patients waiting is having… A struggle. You’ll be RIGHT after her, though.”

Fuck! So if River HAD gone up to the receptionist and made a scene, they would have let him cut?! How was this fair?! He’d waited patiently and quietly! Why did Becky get to go first?! “But, I’m almost—“

Before he could finish, Becky had rushed over. “Thank you,” she gasped out. “I’m about to pee my pants, hurry up!”

“It’s alright,” said the nurse. “Follow me.”

Becky started to, and then she stared at River for an uncomfortably long second. River’s skin started to itch, and his need to pee skyrocketed to an astronomical level. A squirt managed to seep into his boxers, he felt the warmth seeping into his clutching hands. She’d recognized him! He was sure of it, and if she ever saw his Mom, she’d—

“I’m sorry,” Becky told him. “But, I’m sure you can wait— I can’t.”

River forced himself to return to his seat. He didn’t dare say a word to Becky. She might figure out who he was if she heard his voice. And… Also, if he spoke, he’d DEFINITELY say something like “No the fuck I CAN’T! My kidneys are SWIMMING! It’s supposed to be MY god damned turn, YOU wait!” And Hugo would NOT be happy with him after that.

Miserably, River sat back down, letting out a low moan as his waistband pinched into his hard, firm bladder. “Oooohhhh…”

Hugo looked at him. “I thought—“

“Th—They let someone cut me. That g—girl who kept g—going to the desk, and stuff…” River explained. He pulled his foot up into his seat and rocked frantically against it. “I’m going to piss my damned pants…”

Hugo patted his shoulder. It… REALLY wasn’t fair they’d let someone go ahead of River like that. Hadn’t they even LOOKED at him? River was obviously at the very brink of his endurance! “Y—You’re doing good,” Hugo encouraged. “You can handle this. Just a little bit longer.” He hoped River’s actual appointment would be over with quickly. He assumed it WOULD be, since all they were doing was checking if River HAD certain organs, they weren’t looking for any PROBLEMS with them. If he had ovaries, or just one, then it would be removed. If he didn’t have any, then nothing had to be done. Surely, it would only take a minute or two to confirm what was and wasn’t present inside River’s body.

“I can’t…” River was shaking his head. “I can’t wait, I have to— It’s SO fucking bad!”

“You can do it,” Hugo repeated. “Just… Just hold yourself tight, and—“

“I’ve been doing that for, like, two hours!” River exclaimed. “I’m gonna… I’m gonna have an accident… I can’t wait, I can’t do it. It hurts, it hurts…” He kept rambling for a few more minutes, until a door burst open and Becky ran through it, hands pressed firmly into her crotch.

“Ah— Where’s the—“ She dashed through the waiting room, flinging open the door to the single stall restroom. River watched in numb envy as she entered it, then lost another burst of pee into his boxers when he was able to clearly hear her stream.

“River…?” The nurse called, and River lurched to his feet, hobbling after him.

He was led into another room and instructed to pull down his pants and lift up his shirt to start the scan. River obeyed, not even feeling the embarrassment of disrobing. He needed this to be DONE, there was no time for self-consciousness. “Hurry,” River pleaded. “I am— I gotta piss like fucking crazy, and—“

“Lay down on the table,” the nurse interrupted.

River followed the instructions, then he was told to pull his boxers down a little bit from his hips, which he did. The nurse put some clear gel onto River’s lower belly and rubbed it in. River flinched and groaned as the cold hit his skin. “Oooh…”

The nurse put the scanner into the gel and slid it about. At first, it was pretty gentle, yet still enough to make River’s firm abdomen ache. But then, the device was pushed in more and more, and River was fidgeting and jerking, instinctively trying to escape the pain.

“Try to hold still,” the nurse said.

“I AM trying,” River said, managing to quell his squirms to light trembling. “But, I need to go so bad, it’s really hard!”

He looked at the images displayed on the screen, and couldn’t make much sense of them.

“Ah, well… There’s your bladder,” the nurse said. “Looks like you followed directions. It’s pretty stretched out, that’s what we like to see. Awesome job!”

River shuddered and grimaced. “Do you HAVE to poke me right there?”

The nurse removed the scanner and River felt slightly better now that the pressure was gone. But, then the nurse was putting it BACK on him again. It was no longer stroking his bladder, but it was still close enough TO it to make River wriggle.

“Hold it…” the nurse said.

“I have been!” River exclaimed. “I seriously just need to—“

“I meant stay still,” the nurse told him. “If you empty your bladder now, you will have to start over again. And if you keep moving around, this will take longer. I need you to keep still.”

River sucked in a sharp breath and forced his hips to stop bucking. He twitched under the weight of his aching bladder, and hoped that wasn’t too much movement. “Pl—Please hurry, I don’t wanna pee on the table.”

“I’m hurrying, I’m hurrying…” the nurse sighed. “It’s great that you’re feeling desperate, though. We’re going to have a really clear view…”

River gnawed on his lip as the device dug more into his skin, like it was trying to bore through him. He was beginning to get very, very dizzy. He heard the nurse continuing to talk to him, but River could barely make out a single word. When he managed to respond, it was just vague noises that didn’t convey any real meaning. River could scarcely believe this level of desperation was even possible. He half-expected one side of his abdomen to rip open and for piss to start exploding onto the table.

“Okay… Keep it still…” The nurse encouraged.

River’s thighs quivered, his toes curled inside his shoes. He gripped his fingers tightly into the paper he was laying on. He honestly couldn’t even tell if he’d started pissing himself or not. Parts of him were in agony and other parts had gone numb.

“Alright…” the nurse said finally. “Here… You were right, you were born without any ovaries, and you don’t have a uterus. A hysterectomy would be quite unnecessary in your case.”

River nodded. Good. Good. He wished they’d just taken his word for it, he liked to think his ‘hunches’ were almost always right. “O—Okay,” River said. “I thought so. I can still get phallo, right? This won’t change anything?”

“You can,” the nurse said. “All this means is you get to skip a step. See? It’s actually going to be a little EASIER for you.”

Nothing about today had been easy!

“Do you want to go down the hall and discuss that a little further? We’re done here, so—“

“Please don’t tell me I need a full bladder for THAT too!”

The nurse shook his head. “Oh… Oh right, you still need to—“

“NOW.”

“You’re free to void before you do anything else,” the nurse said. “Get up, wipe off the gel.”

River gingerly set himself down on the floor, taking shallow choppy breaths as he smoothed down his shirt. He moved his pants and boxers up slightly. He almost zipped his pants closed out of habit, but stopped himself. He was going to be pulling them DOWN in just a minute now, he wanted to be able to do that as fast as possible.

Then, he dashed out. He ran back through the waiting room so quickly that his surroundings blurred. The only thing he could see clearly was the door to the restroom he needed so, so badly… He shoved it open loudly, and is it slowly eased itself shut again, River was hopping between his feet and already pushing his pants down his legs. When he heard the door click, he pulled his boxers down as well and positioned himself over the toilet.

“Ohhhhhhh….” River moaned in ecstasy as his urine at last pumped itself free of its prison. He was spraying very forcefully, and some was hitting the seat, so he begrudgingly held back a little so it would slow down. Now that it was all landing in the bowl where it belonged, he let his eyes drift softly closed and lost himself to a world of relief.

He peed for so long that his legs started to wobble and ache from the strain of having to hold his position. When he was finally emptied, he let himself sit down all the way. He just stayed there for a moment, taking big, heaving breaths and rapidly blinking his eyes. He remained in a daze for a bit, until rapid, urgent knocks made him remember where he was and that OTHER people were desperate to do the thing HE’D just finished with. He stood and pulled up his pants, actually zipping them this time. He ran his hands under the sink for a few seconds, then left.

He felt like he was made of jelly. Really, really light, floaty, so-fucking-relieved jelly. He returned to his seat beside Hugo and sighed again. “Exam’s over. I feel fuckin’ amazing now,” he said.

“Told you that you’d make it,” Hugo said. He smiled. “And, wow, that’s the fastest I’ve ever seen you run!”

“Eheh…” River blushed. “I need to go back in there to talk to someone else about the surgery now,” he said. “I’ll be back in a minute.”

When he returned to discuss his surgery further, a few more appointments were made— Luckily, none of them involved River holding his bladder until he was too full to think.

After that, he needed to get all the hair removed from part of one of his arms. This wasn’t as simple as just shaving it off, because then the hair would just grow back. He had to have it taken off permanently. When he heard HOW that would happen, he got scared again. Someone was going to place a super fine needle into EVERY hair follicle in his arm, and that needle was going to deliver an electric current in order to kill the hair root. He didn’t think he liked the idea of a needle that was going to electrocute him, but it didn’t hurt nearly as bad as he’d thought it would. It was kind of like a bee sting, it definitely didn’t feel GOOD, but it wasn’t as excruciating as the description had made it sound.

The rest of the steps didn’t freak him out that much. After all, he was going to be knocked out for all of those.

In the end, once everything was complete, he woke up in a bed and he finally had a fully functional penis… It had a tube sticking out of it— a catheter— and that looked strange to him. He was REALLY glad it had been put in while he was still asleep.

But, the actual finished dick didn’t look odd at all. It didn’t look out of place, which was far beyond what he could have said about his previous parts. The penis just looked like it BELONGED there. That was the most interesting part to him about it, that the sight of a penis attached to his body DIDN’T shock him, it was just what he SHOULD have had all along.

Hugo had to help him out a lot while he recovered that time. He was having a ton of trouble moving around, and the catheter had to stay in for a bit and that had to be managed. Having a catheter in was really, REALLY weird. River was used to needing to pee every couple hours, but with that thing there, a lot of the time he didn’t feel any urge to go. But, OTHER times he’d have a sharp pain, and feel like he was desperate beyond all measures for a second, only for it to immediately go away.

River slept a whole lot, took a ton of painkillers. Sometimes his arm hurt, but apart from the random spasms in his bladder, his pelvic area never caused him pain. He knew it probably SHOULD have, but he suddenly felt so GOOD about that region of his body that the discomforts of healing weren’t registering.

When it was finally time for his catheter to be removed, he was supposed to pee at the hospital just to be absolutely certain that no complications had occurred. River wasn’t sure what part of the process had done it, but once the catheter was out, he immediately felt like he was about to go all over himself— Not that his bladder was full to bursting, but that he had almost no control over the muscles that controlled it. But, he was informed that his first attempt to urinate was not supposed to occur immediately after the catheter was gone. He was to wait instead.

The doctor must have noticed the panic on his face, “I— I know it probably feels like you need to go RIGHT now, doesn’t it? Your bladder might be a little irritated for a couple days, you could have some stinging when you pee, a bit of soreness in that area, and your urine might be pink. Some patients also experience ‘leakage’ or have accidents. But if any of that happens, don’t panic, it should stop after you’ve relieved yourself a few times.”

River wanted to relieve himself now… He wriggled. “I— I don’t know, it’s like I can’t remember how to hold it, everything feels really weird…”

“Steady breaths,” the doctor encouraged him. “You’re just anxious…”

River tried to even out his breathing, and the strange ‘wobbly’ feeling in his holding muscles faded a bit. Again, he didn’t feel like he desperately had to pee, merely that ‘holding it’ at all was a major challenge, like his body was trying to remember where all those muscles even were and what to do with them.

“Now, you should drink about one glass of water per hour, bacteria builds up when you’re using a catheter, so you’re going to need to flush out your system. Don’t drink any more than that, you don’t want to ‘overfill’ your bladder while it’s still recovering, or urination will become more difficult. Avoid caffeine, and try to urinate every two hours for the rest of today— And, of course, if you NEED to go more often than that, don’t try to hold it.”

He was soon handed a cup and instructed to go.

River understood then that he was supposed to relieve himself right where he was. He was, of course, allowed to turn around, but he had to stay in this room. His bladder felt so odd and difficult to hold onto that he didn’t mind, just placed the cup beneath his tip and told himself it was time to empty.

His heart was pounding, everything around his bladder felt different now in a way he wasn’t even sure how to describe, and when he didn’t start peeing right away, he got nervous. He’d been informed that sometimes there could be ‘blockage’ of some sort following an operation like his and hoped that hadn’t happened. Would the catheter have even worked right in that case, though? And the doctors had already done some examinations River hadn’t been able to parse and they didn’t SEEM to be concerned…

“River,” the doctor said, overhearing his heavier breathing. “Don’t panic if it’s taking a second, that’s perfectly normal. We only need to worry if it keeps up for a really long time. But, it’s important you don’t try to push or force it out, just focus on relaxing.”

River tried that, but ‘focusing on relaxing’ was not an easy thing to do. Relaxing wasn’t the sort of thing a person was supposed to THINK about, if they had to concentrate on doing it, then they couldn’t actually relax!

“Hang on…” the doctor said, reaching for the sink in one corner of the room. He cranked it on, letting the water flow into the basin.

River listened to the trickling gush, and exhaled slowly as a stream began to fill the cup. He watched it pouring from his tip, and it was a surreal thing to see. It was one thing to, at last, see a penis on his body, but now he knew it could do the same things any other guy’s penis could. As he’d been warned, the pink tinge to his urine was there, and his bladder throbbed a tiny bit as he went, nevertheless, just knowing that his ‘plumbing’ was in working order made him feel immensely better.

He’d filled the cup pretty high, which the doctor was pleased about, since it meant that River was able to fully empty himself now. “Feel like you got it all out?” He asked.

“Yeah…” River said, a little embarrassed.

River was told to call the office again if he had any problems, such as worsening pain, an inability to urinate, or if the pink color in his urine got darker.

But, River didn’t have issues like that, and he stuck to the drinking and peeing schedule he’d been prescribed. The first time he had to go back at home, he lifted the lid and started to get himself into the half-hovering-half-sitting position he’d always had to use before. He felt delirious with relief, and a touch silly, when he realized he was NEVER going to have to do that again.

He could finally just sit, adjust his member and go, and none of it would spray out where he didn’t want it. ‘Oh, wait…’ he thought. ‘Duh, I can stand up now, too!’ Wanting to try that, he turned around so he was facing the bowl. He enjoyed the feeling of his penis in his hands while he aimed it, it felt so right, he felt so complete… There was nothing about him that seemed out of place anymore, nothing about him that was missing.

He was certain that he was pointing his dick correctly, but when he relaxed and started to pee, it sloshed onto the edge of the seat at first. He flinched, blushing as he tried to correct it… But went too far and sprayed the OTHER edge. Finally, he ended up leaning forwards, so that his tip was pointing straight down into the bowl, and finished peeing that way.

Feeling VERY ashamed, River got some toilet paper and dabbed up all the spills that had landed on the seat… Which he NOW realized he was probably meant to have lifted up first. He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to wipe his tip off at all; Urinals didn’t have toilet paper dispensers… River didn’t want to accidentally get a wet spot on his clothes, though, so he blotted it for a second just to be safe.

When River left the restroom, Hugo was on the sofa waiting for him. “Everything go okay? It didn’t hurt, did it? Do we need to call—“

“It was fine…” River sighed. “I’m not in pain… But…” He turned away, too embarrassed to continue.

“What’s the matter?”

“I… Er… I wanted to stand up, and… I sorta missed a little.”

“Did you clean it up?”

“Yeah…”

“Then it’s fine,” Hugo shrugged.

River sat down beside him. “Should I not have stood up?”

“River, I think if you gave up a piece of your arm to do it, you earned the right—“

“That’s not the only reason I wanted to have—“

“I know…” Hugo said. “But, why shouldn’t you stand?”

“Because I made a mess, and I’m bad at it.”

“It was only your first try,” Hugo told him. “Look at it this way, I learned how to aim when I was, like, three, so I’ve had a ton of practice. You’re learning to do it now, and there’s still time to catch up. I’m sure once you’ve done it a few more times, you won’t have any more trouble.”

River hoped that was true. The next time he went, he DID remember to lift the seat up, and that made it a bit easier, but he still ended up hitting the rim for several seconds, and even dripping a bit onto the floor. He cleaned it all up, and flopped back onto the couch when he was finished. Before Hugo could ask, River said “Don’t worry, I wiped it off…”

“Missed again?”

“Yeah… Not as bad, I don’t think. The seat was up this time, anyway.”

“I see… Y’know, it’s been a LONG time, but I kinda remember my Mom putting cheerios in the toilet bowl, and I was supposed to aim for them. I think it helped…”

“Do we have any?”

“Yeah,” Hugo said. “You wanna give that a try?”

River nodded.

And after that, it only took River five more tries before his aim was close to perfect.

***

“So, I guess that was kinda how I got re-potty-trained,” River said with a blush.

Duncan snickered, “Pfft… Hugo really IS basically your Dad, huh? He even taught you how to pee!”

“Yeah, I guess so,” River said.”Actually, I…” He gazed up at the ceiling, away from Duncan. “I dunno if this is weird but, like, a few times I’ve sorta… I’ve just BARELY stopped myself from accidentally calling him ‘Dad’.”

“Awww,” Duncan said, tugging River even closer and pressing him to his body. “That’s so cute. How do you think he’d react?”

“I dunno,” River admitted. “I mean, Hugo has— Er— He HAD a real son once before, and I had a real Dad, so—“

“Ummm…” It was Duncan’s turn to look away. “I hope this doesn’t come out wrong, but your ‘real’ Dad… Uh…”

“I know, he wasn’t much of a father, was he?” River said. “Hugo’s done more for me than either of my biological parents ever did. But, like, we’re still not each other’s REAL family.”

Duncan snuggled River, “I think we are a family,” he said. “The three of us. Family’s supposed to be the people you love and feel safe around, right? That’s how I feel when we’re together. When I was younger, I didn’t feel very safe at home with my parents, and you probably didn’t either.”

“I didn’t,” River agreed. “I meant what I’ve told you before, even after everything bad that’s happened to me, I always feel happy when I get up each morning, this is the first time that I’ve ever felt loved and at home.”

“Aww…” Duncan nuzzled him. “I bet if you ever DO end up calling Hugo ‘Dad’, he’ll be real happy.”
