At my command

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-11-21 21:03

Content warning: there is VERY LIGHT BDSM in this multichaptered story, a (mostly mild?) bit of pee tasting/drinking, power exchange, CNC, submission/domination but it's implied that characters are roleplaying or overstating themselves, but also there is love, smooches, intimacy and such sweet things...

It's a story I may continue a lot, I like it.

Chloe is a blond girl in her middle 20s, she's in the strength of adulthood, she is fit as she don't stay one week before doing sports. She always wears leggings and tight shirts, as she knows everyone can't stop looking at her. She really likes that, and she's bi, so she don't only wanna boys attention, she wanna have girls too. She likes racecars, bikes, sports and all. She is really strong at some strategic videogames. She also plays guitar a bit.

Nora is a redhead woman soon going on her 40, she's well over adulthood now, she is plump as she is a bit overweight, but it's fine, as she is very beautiful anyway. She wears motherly clothes, like women of her age, even that she have kids, they are adults as she got them early around 19 and 20 years old, and they are living their lives now, studying in college or working, whatever. She is divorced, and when she started a new job at a store to feed herself as she left her exhusband when he cheated on her, she felt on Chloe, who was shopping stuff, and when Chloe seen her cuteness, she couldn't resist but jumping on the occasion to seduce her.

Now it's 1 year and a half they're together.

Today, Chloe is wearing a black shortskirt and a white shirt, and her girlfriend wears a dress, over their swimsuits, which Chloe's is a red two pieces, and Nora's is dark blue one piece. They're smiling and having fun right now. They're enjoying a nice icecream, half layed on two tanning beds, the feet in the air, the sea waving far from them maybe 50 meters away. It's a sunny day, but it's a bit cold to go in water, still, it's nice to rest and relax anyway.

"It's so nice to have you with me." Chloe says.

"It is really relaxing. Just laying there, doing nothing but taking sunbaths..." Nora adds.

They lick some icecream before stopping to talk again.

"I'm opening one of our Ice Tea can okay?" Says Chloe.

"Of course. Do." She respond.

She grabs the bag and take out an orange colored can. She open the locker and start drinking loudly. Nora watches her, filling her belly with sugar juices, and that makes her remind something. She have to pee. Not too much, but still, she is gonna have to go before the end of the day. Maybe she can hold it 40 minutes more, but she isn't certain about anything.

She finishes her icecream and lean a hand near the can.

"Can you share with me please?" She asks shyly.

"Of course babygirl, with pleasure." Chloe respond, smiling.

She watch her love drinking and drowning her thirst with the soda can, that sensation of her feeling nice with her satisfy Chloe so much. After a tiny bit, the mature woman stop drinking.

"Come-on, don't be shy." She says smiling.

"Alright, thank you." She respond.

She drinks a little more, which makes her bladder more and more awake, and she's more and more aware of her need. After a while she stops, then she licks the sugar off of her lips.

"I'm gonna finish it." Replies Chloe.

She drink more and more until the last drops, then put it back in the bag. The pressure in Nora's belly is building up, quite fast as usual. She've been to the restroom 2 or 3 hours ago, but her bladder starts to be in need again. Chloe stretches and get up. She gather her towel she was laying on and stuff.

"Are you going with me I wanna go to the pavilion?" She asks.

"Yes right, I need to go to the restroom soon." She confess.

They walk until an aley with small camping houses. They get inside theirs, and coming through the kitchen, Chloe grab Nora's hands. She lean in close to her, and she start to kiss her.

Nora let out deep sigh in the moment of affection, before trying to stop her.

"Darling... I know what you want but... I need to go..." She mumble, kissed by her girlfriend.

"That's what I wanna hear. Let's go in the bedroom okay?" She says.

The young woman leads her until they could climb on the bed. The clever girl makes her lay against a pillow.

"I wanna you, to tell me, how much you need to go right now." She says softly in her neck.

She kisses her there, which makes her shivers. Her bladder makes important signals by that point and she whines a bit, but her girlfriend likes that a lot.

"I really gotta go darling, you can't even know how much, I'm even afraid to wet the bed in the next minutes if you stay active on me like that." She says.

"More... I wanna hear more of your needs." She whisper in her ear.

Chloe start to gently touches here and there, teasing her barely touching her.

"No, don't tease me please, I want more..." She mumbles in a needy voice.

"If I give you more you promise me to not wet the bed okay?" She says.

"Darling, you know I won't be able to hold it... Last time you endedup getting all wet having your face down there. I'm almost leaking already..." She squirms although she exaggerate her actual need a tiny bit to excite her more.

Even if it is Chloe that initiated their little wet holding roleplaying game at first, Nora couldn't be more excited by the situation, and is almost more into it than the one who introduced her to that sports. Having to go always makes her tingles down there, she really likes the teases and the slight rubs her lover is giving her now.

After a while whining and moaning by her, Chloe cease to do such things to Nora.

"I wanna play a new game I've dreamed about last night. I've seen at my crotch that I've fucking cum in my sleep when I waked up." She says in a eager tone.

"What is it?" She asks shyly.

"It's simple. When I say go, you go. When I say stop, you stop. Is that okay with you?" She asks.

"Oh, okay... I mean I'll try." She respond. "Tell me more about your game."

"I won't actually punish you too much in that game, I'm gonna make you pee in a bottle or a glass, and when I'll want, I'll get it away from you. Of course I'll prevent you, if not it's unfair. But the important thing for you is that if you can't hold, well, you're gonna have to wear the clothes you've wet. It could be jeans, leggings, panties, swimsuits, tights, all at once, I'll decide everyday what you're gonna wear okay?"

"That's so nice. I like it. But it's gonna be so hard to stop if I actually need to go. Could I wear one of your pads or somesort inside my panties under the glass or such?" Nora asks

"Oh right, that's a good idea for somedays. But I may pee in the pad a bit before you wear it, I don't wanna you to relieve yourself too much in them without my consent. Don't worry, you have to trust me, it's a game of confidence. I would like to control your bladder entirely too. So you would not pee ever as soon as you don't have my oral permission. I wanna be able to see everytime it falls from your delicious slit babygirl." Chloe says in her naughty smile.

"Your words making me fucking horny right now." She respond.

"Okay, don't move, I'll comeback soon." She says as she get up.

When she come back in the room she have a leggings and a plastic box in her hands.

"I want you to wear this, and to stand on your knees right here on the bed okay?" She order her.

"Yes miss." Nora respond.

She execute herself, changing her swimsuit to the legging, being now topless. Chloe seize her by her waist and kisses her belly, her breasts, and her mouth for a bit, before getting still.

"Can I pull you cloth down?" She asks.

"Yes darling." She accepts.

"Thank you." She respond.

Chloe, with the permission of her girlfriend, pull her pants down, as she have no panties her really truly hairy vulva is exposed, and Chloe is feeling really turned on by now.

"Oh, you're so beautiful... Can I kiss you down there?" She asks, her mouth already watering in prevention of her moves.

"I thought I were at your command now..." She smirks.

"You are at my command. But consent is sexy." She smiles.

"Well you know I have to pee so, don't play dangerous games to be surprised I guess." She says in a bratty tone.

"Oh because you're planning on not obeying me?" She asks to her slightly cheeky babygirl.

"No miss, I won't disobey you." She says shyly, placing her hands on her chin, setting herself to watching her girlfriend, as she almost deserve a good tease day in punishment.

"Alright, that's a good girl. You deserve a bit of tongue now." She tells her, in love with her cuteness.

Chloe comes close to her downparts and she leaves a kiss down there. At the contact of her lips on her secret parts, Nora moan, and she fight herself so much to not grind on her face or push her head against her girlfriend. She would totally break the power exchange game of them, as they are both really excited to this kind of play, letting the otherone take control and dominance. Even if it's mostly Chloe, there is some times Nora can remember grinding on her face like a strong domme she sometimes is, but she manage to hold herself, and behave.

"Oh no you're such a tease..." She whine. "Please more... Please more..."

Chloe finally stick her tongue out and give a lick to the pink pussy she have in face of her, hidden in the middle of the red forest, covering the slit inbetween the plumpish ass and tighs she have.

"How do that feels?" She asks smirking.

"You verywell know how it feels." She says in a pouting voice. "Please more, please miss, I'll be a good girl after that, I promise!" She say loudly whimpering.

"Dear lord, I gotta make you pee before I get too excited." She confess.

Nora smiles to Chloe. It's nice to be submissive to her, she thought, she's very needy so she's not gonna tease you long, you can be a brat with her and 10 seconds after she'll forget it.

Chloe seize the plastic rectangular box, and place it under her girlfriend's bare bottoms. They stay like that for a tiny while and the scene stay still for a bit, until Nora breaks the silence.

"I need to go so much... I don't think I can hold much longer..." She mumbles in sighs.

"No no darling, I didn't told you to go yet." She says.

Chloe watches her girlfriend Nora descending with her hands, she start to hold and rub her crotch with her hands before Chloe changes her mind about it.

"Uh uh uh, no hands." She restrict her. "Like your bladder, I'm the only one able to command what happens down here okay?"

"Mhhh." She pouts in a falsely angry face, dying flushed. "Rubbing myself helps me holding." She declared.

"Yes I know that." She smirks.

Nora get her hands back up around her neck or her chin in the cutest sub style she knows well how to do, then Chloe replace more correctly the box underneath her.

"Okay. Go." She order.

The next second a thin trickle make a bridge between Nora and the plastic box. The sound of the material receiving the liquid is a very exciting music to Chloe. She can feel her bikini is fully wet now.

"Go faster you're making it splashing everywhere!" She grumble as her shirt and skirt get a bit wet.

"I can't I'm stressing so much for when you're going to make me stop." She admit.

A tiny bit while happens.

"Stop." She order firmly.

"Ohhh. Uhhh." She moans when she tries to slow down the flow.

Nora successfully stopped the flood. Her hairs are wet but her legging is still dry for now.

"You don't get the box away?" She asks in surprise, in her very stressed tone, trying to not leak a second pee trickle.

"Yeah, it's only the first time for you. Be happy about it." She warns her.

"Yes, yes, I'm very thankfull miss, thank you so much." She adds, trying to correct herself.

"Fine. Go." She orders.

After a tiny while, Nora find the strength to relax and the trickle start again, more forcefully this time. Chloe rapidly get the box up enough so the liquid don't splash all around, and the sound of the relieve is a bless to her ears.

"Come-on babygirl that's it, let it go... That's it..." She moan in excitement.

"Ohhh. Sooo gooood." She mumbles. "I think I'm almost empty yet."

The flow slows down. Chloe grabs the shelter of the platic box and closes it. Before a drop could fall on the leggings or on the bed, she let her tongue out and lick her pussy from bottom to the top. Nora shivers in the sentation.

"Ohhh, your tongue is so soft mistress." She says.

"You taste good. Very good babygirl. I'll be right back." She adds.

She gets up and get rid of the box letting it in the sink of the kitchen, then she quickly get naked.

"Darling?" She says entering the room. "Are you ready for a real oral work now?"

"You're done teasing me?" She asks shyly.

"Yeah. I wanna eat you right where you're at." She says.

She climb back on the bed and lead her half naked girlfriend to make her laying her head against a nice and comfortable pillow.

"Are you comfortable darling?" She asks.

"Yes." She assure, as she is.

"Don't hold yourself okay? I know sometimes I say I wanna edge you, but you're playing my game, so I wanna pleasure you."

"It's fine, I like watersports too now, maybe more than you." She confesses. "But I'm really okay if you're not going to tease me."

"Alright." She respond.

*001*2021-11-23 06:40

Warning: a bit of ageplay, sexual intercourse, and golden showers.

The sun rises slowly. Chloe is on top of her girlfriend, kissing her belly. Nora finally awakes after minutes, softly. Actually Chloe was up early and got back into bed before she wake up.

"Good morning mommy." She says in a soft voice.

"Oh, good morning little one." She replies. "Looks like you've felt into babymode again huh?"

"You didn't took care of my needs mommy. You let me when you felt asleep just when I tasted you. I know you're tired after the day we've spend together, but it's really mean mommy." She pout.

"Oh really... Is that it? My little darling is in heat it looks like huh?" She smirks.

Chloe gets up, and she's still naked. Her pussy is wet and her face is flustered.

"I couldn't sleep enough this night mommy. It was impossible. My aching clit was throbbing all night, it was endless. I was so angry at you mommy. You let me alone. That's why I had to tie you to the bed, so you would learn?" She declares.

Nora looks around her, she's still naked too, just like she slept like yesterday. She isn't tied or restricted, so she looks at her a bit surprised.

"Hum." She doubt.

"Yes you are tied to the bed now right?" She asks, before she winks at her.

Nora get her hands at each side of the bed, but she didn't need to spread her legs any wider, as Chloe is kneeling between them.

"Oh yeah, I'm so tied up, I can't move at all, I'm afraid you're gonna be able to use me so well." She start playing with her.

"Also mommy, I didn't get my morning pee, and I'm holding for a bit long time now, so I guess it will just come out whenever I'm gonna grind on you..." She says in a naughty tone.

"But sweetie, what are you going to grind on, if I'm tied here?" She asks playfully. "You can't use my hands right now..."

"That's why I brought this." She says.

Chloe turn around and grab something. It's a double-ended dildo, a tiny bit soft, longish enough for what she's planning to do.

"Oh I see, but mommy gonna take a lot of pleasure with this... Don't you wanna her to whine for your touch?" She asks, wanting to know her actual intentions.

"I said I wanna grind on you, I didn't say you don't have right to take pleasure from it, besides I know you need a bit much work to cum mommy, but since you ask well I'm gonna make me close before riding you." She says playfully.

"Oh no sweetie, mommy was just asking to know if she's going to be teased or not, that's it, don't change your mind darling really..." Nora says whining.

"Enough yet!" She shout. "Close your mouth mommy!" She adds.

The blond woman gently place the toy at the enter of her girlfriend. Her cunt is so wet, it's dripping on the bed.

"I see I won't need to wet it, mommy." She smiles. "You're ready already."

"Mhhh." She whimper, her mouth shut.

Chloe press on the tool until it enters her, and she moan at the pleasure. She clenches her teeth to not do much noise. Observing that she see she've been not clear with her order sooner.

"Oh no, I didn't meant that way. You can open your mouth, I wanna hear you moan actually. But leave your curiousity aside mommy, unless you want me to be harsh." She precise her wills.

"Thank you little one." She says in moans.

Chloe's holding her crotch, kneeling in front of her deliciouslooking naked girlfriend, needing to go, and she closes her legs sometimes, in the will to not leak too early.

"Mommy's ready for you to shower her with your honey, my love." She sighs.

"Fuck, your words are so exciting." She moans.

Chloe decides it's time, so she get out the toy of her girlfriend, and she lean close to her face.

"Make it wet." She orders firmly.

Nora open her mouth and start to lick the other side of the toy, while Chloe can't help but wander her other hand on her girlfriend's body. She moan by the tender stimulation but not teasing, as Chloe is so excited she can't just tease her.

"Mhhh darling..." She mumbles, her mouth a bit full.

"Yes mommy. You can take the pleasure, it's okay." She says.

Chloe lean unto her breasts and taste them, which makes her lover shivers. Then she get up again and softly slide the toy inside her girlfriend, and herself in front of it.

"Alright, it's time now. I can't hold myself much longer." She declares.

"Yes sweetheart, let go your honey on mommy please, she wants it so bad!" She says.

"Yes mommy, I want it so bad too..." She moans.

She grind on the toy whichs enter her tight, way wet enough pussy, in middle of her dark-blond hairs, mixing unto her very big redheadish bush of Nora's slit, and they start to grind on themselves.

After a time, between moans and wet noises, Chloe get a bit up and get the toy less pressure her pussy, until she's able to relax her muscles. A little trickle start to flow, unto Nora's belly, and she moan at that gift.

She start such, to relieve herself on her lover, and moan in the relief. She tries to feel the most pleasure she can, but it's not enough to make her comes close from orgasm as the liquid stops flowing after she's not been holding that long enough for more of it, so she decide to do something else.

"I'm sorry mommy, I'll have to make you teased a bit." She declares.

She gets herself away of the toy and slowly remove it from her lover's bush, then she stand and grabs another toy. It's a wand, that have a big bubbled head attached to a white plasticish stick, and some lines or rings of pink-purple-ish around it.

Chloe knows her girlfriend isn't rather sensitive to that kind of stimulation, but she'll have to do that anyway, she can't stand anymore after this awfull night, it's too much for her needy butt, so she place the wand downwards her rocking hard clitoris and bend over Nora, and tries to make her good as much as she's going to be herself.

"I'll lick you after I cum I promise, don't worry darling... Just let me ride you so bad..." She tries to speak as she is getting close.

She feels it, she cums, and then she lays on her back in front of her girlfriend, that patiently waited on her to cum before reclaiming anything for her own pleasure.

"Darling are you okay?" Nora asks.

"Yeah, I'm okay." She says, out of roleplay.

"You really did cum hard here huh?" She smirks.

"I hope yes. I was actually not able to sleep all the night at all." She declares.

Nora glance at the room window, the sun is rising, but as it's summer, it could be around six or seven am, so it's not late in the morning.

"Well I can let you rest for a while if you want. Until 10am, I wanna go to the beach again, this day is going to be sunnier and warmer than yesterday."

"Yes okay but wait, what are you going to do exactly?" She asks.

"Well all the tasks I do every morning. Going drink a coffee, then go to the toilet, then take a shower... You know, basics." She explains.

"Alright so couldn't you do like me and go toilet here?" She says.

"But sweetie-" She worries.

"There is a waterproof blanket under the sheets, there is nothing to be worrying about." She reminds her. "Besides I thought you were at my control now. So I order you to climb on me, and let go just bythere. Yes darling. Right now."

She smirks as her subby girlfriend who starts to climb and kneel on her, each knees at a side of her straight layed legs, then she waits a bit.

"I'm waiting babygirl..." She smiles.

"You didn't finish me, my clit is still hard, be patient..." She confesses, trying to concentrate.

Nora does have her morning pee undone yet, so it's possible for her to relax and open her pipes, she tries to satisfy her girlfriend and she finally get to pee, and as she's doing her girlfriend is moaning in pleasure, receiving her honey right from her bush on her own one.

After a nice time, she eventually got empty and the trickle slowed down. She wipes herself by rubbing herself on her love's bush, then she stops before getting too excited.

"Alright, good nap my love." She says, leaving a kiss on her lips.

*003*2021-11-24 16:31

Hello, thanks, I like really writing them so .

I am from France, and as I like to write sometimes even normal/not lewd stories, I often choose uncommon words to describe things I don't actually know why, and when I write in English, I do the only way I know to do English, words by words. Sometime there is only English expressions but since I know them so I like to use them like if I were really mastering English but I have traducer to verify a word every 2 or 3 lines haha, also I hope it's not too annoying since the text quality may would be better if I were English native writing in English / on a French forum writing en Français.

*005*2021-11-30 19:40

The landscape is countrysidish, Nora walks on a highway rest place, endlessly, until she eventually get to the car. She enters it, and sighs.

"I couldn't find any poise pads, there is only basic low tier in this ." She declares.

Her middleaged woman face tells she's quiet annoyed by the strong, burning sunlight, almost making the car melts. Aside of her, on the driver seat, there is Chloe. She turns her head to her, and open her mouth to comfort her.

"It's not a big deal honey. Here, take my towel." She says.

Chloe lifts her butt and grab the towel she was sitting on. She's wearing a white shirt and a black shortskirt, and her girlfriend is wearing a nice dress covered with flowers. Their faces are covered in makeup, they seems prepared for something. Nora grabs the towel and stuff it inbetween her butt and the seat.

"Thanks, I'm gonna need it soon." Nora says, sighing.

Her bladder is not really empty, and by that, I mean she's not going to hold it for more than 30 minutes. Chloe is in a slightly better situation byfar, but it's not gonna stay still for a while. When Nora talks about her need, she sighs.

"I don't think I'll hold it longer than enough to not end wet." She confesses.

"Don't say it, you're making me wanna go too!" Chloe grumbles. "I need rather enough already."

"Oh really. You're not going to make it to the end too huh?" She smiles

"Oh don't say things you're not strong enough to carry babygirl." Chloe smirks.

"Why, what could you possibly do to me here huh?" She giggles.

"Okay, you have been warned." She says smiling.

Chloe gets up of the driver seat and climbs by the transmission bulge between their seat of her middle end 2 seats sportscar and land in between her girlfriend's legs, facing her. She take her hands and start to tickle her, and she reluctantly giggles, before trying to resist to the growing need to pee.

"No miss, I'm sorry, don't tickle me, I'm so sorry, don't, I'm gonna pee myself really!!" She tries to speaks behind her laughs.

She don't stop for now, she continues even and go in direction of her panties, and Nora tries therefor to tickle her downparts in returns too, but she's less efficient than her dominant lover.

"It's not even, you're wearing a pad!" She says, unhappy, gigglishing.

A tiny little patch of wetness appear on her panties, as she feel liquids strongly pushing against her muscles, the tickling is downing her dryness' survive chance.

"Thats it babygirl, let it go, like a good little pee pet you are." She firmly says to her, when she pull up her dress to see the results of her moves on her.

"Oh no, I can't hold it anymore!" She says in a afraid scared tone. "You made me started now I don't know how to stop!"

"Hold it." She orders firmly.

"I can't darling I'm sorry, I can't..." She sighs.

The towel starts absorbing the liquid flowing out of her redbush, her panties overflowing with hairs, that leads more and more honey from the needy to relief cuntbush, right into the towel underneath, right under her miss' eyes.

"Hold it babygirl." She says. "Hold it now."

Nora clenches her muscles as much as she can, but she couldn't. Or actually she tries to seems like she does, so her girlfriend would feel guilty about that. She can't get off her eyes of her dripping panties, so she thinks it's working, she's fooling her.

"I can't miss I'm so sorry I really can't!" She says almost in cries.

"It's alright sweetheart try again, hold it now." She says softly.

Nora could stop peeing, her bladder did got well emptier now. She must needs to go only by half of Chloe's need now.

"Let me see the damage here." Chloe tells her.

"Yes miss." She replies, calming down.

She lifts her butt and her girlfriend inspect her accident. It is not too much to affect the car seats, but the towel won't absorb Chloe's full bladder now, it would be able to do it if Nora didn't peed that much in it and they would share it together, but she lied to her and almost waited to be empty to hold it again.

"You peed too much. You shouldn't have." Chloe says, moody. "I'm fucked now."

"Why?" She asks clueless. "What does it means?"

"I'm not gonna be able to pee enough in it now, silly girl." She sighs.

"But it's okay we are going to reach destination soon right?" She asks in a cute voice.

"There is also the comeback to do afterwards! Ignorant!" She says, at the moment she's a bit angry, so she tries to regain control of her emotions. "The plan was pretty simple. I pee in the towel until my mid bladder when we reach there, then it dries a bit when we are in the concert, then you won't have anyproblem if you wanna be your pee needy self and leak all the comeback, I could have hold it until home in that situation! Now I'm fucked."

She tries to reflects, but plays like she forgot.

"Oh really?" She asks genuinely curious.

"Yes! I could hold my last half meanwhile the concert and for the return I know I'm strong enough for that, I'll be a bit desperate when we'll climb the stairs home but that's it, and since miss fleshy toes is so selfish and pee so much without me telling her to, the towel is almost full already, it won't dries enough for me to use it enough before concert, so I won't be able to hold enough." She rambles in an anxiety voicetone.

"Its okay. I let you keep the pad and the towel for the rest of the trip until home." She proposes.

"Okay." She accepts. "Even if you risk to have a wet patch on your butt?"

"I will take consequences of my leak." She says.

"I will owe you for that. I can be your kitten this evening if you want." She proposes in return.

"Oh yeah, it's been a while. I wanna do that so soon." She says.

After the last 40 minutes of drive, Chloe is desperate by now. She really needs to pee, her bladder didn't relieved from more than 4 hours and they keep drinking to be hydrated enough.

She clenches and unclenches her thighs a bit, gently tapping her knees against eachother, and she can even drive with a hand down there as the car is hybrid, so on electric motor the gears changes aren't needed, and anyway the gearbox is sequential, so there is shift paddles that are made by the wheel when it turns around. She don't need two hands to drive.

They finally comes by the area of the concert. It's a huge concert, something like a tour of the biggest artists of Europe and world, so there is a galaxy of people here.

They park themselves in one of the area lot certainly requested by the managers of the event to have more space.

Chloe turn off the car, and she squirms a bit.

"Are you okay darling?" Her girlfriend says.

"I'm going to pee in the pad and the towel. I'll be squirming when we will get home, but you will have wet yourself already. So let's keep the damage the lowest we can." She explains.

"Can I watch you go please?" Nora asks.

"Yes of course, you are already right?" She replies.

"No I mean being between your legs spread and staring closer down there." She precise herself.

"Oh fuck, you're turning me on so much when you say that, I'd almost cum my pad." She confess.

Nora get up and let her girlfriend get on the passenger seat, as there would not be enough space at the driver's seat. She lifts her black skirt to reveal to her her pink panties, and she can see through the thick white pad in place, even if her dark blond hairs are visible on the top of her pussy up where the pad ends.

"Oh my gosh I really can't hold it longer." Chloe mumbles.

"It's okay, just go." Nora replies.

The next second the blond woman is going, she's letting go her full bladder mindlessly, and it starts to wet the pad, as it does a little noise can be heard, the liquid splashing in the plasticalish material of the poise pad, it's inner cells getting filled by her need, the area of her bush being damp, and soon the pad can't absorb fast enough as it pools at the lowest point of it, in a moment the lake spread and expand on the sides of her pink panty, some of wetness get to the top of her private part, and some get upwards her butt, wetting her butt slit.

"Oh damm I'm peeing so much..." She mumbles.

Peegasm reach her fastly, she feel her clitoris hard and pushing on the wet pad, the warm honey getting everywhere her thighs, butt and labias, while the overload get absorb by the towel.

After almost a minute maybe, she feels empty and the flow slows down. The pad kept absorbing a lot more since then, even is she gone too fast for it, it may have hold everything she done in terms of quantity.

Nora is sat, relaxing on the couch. She don't have to go. She's fine. When the door opens. Chloe appears and enter the house of hers. She looks desperate while she puts the shopping bags in the kitchen.

"Hi, how it is to go shopping with a full bladder kitten?" Nora smirks.

"Not good, I really really gotta go!" Chloe replies in a little trembling voice.

"Come here my pet. I wanna cuddle you." She orders.

"Yes mommy." She complies.

She sit on the couch, and climbs on the lap of the middleaged woman. She kiss her pet a bit, but Chloe is always so needy, she kisses her as much as she can, before Nora seize her dominance.

"Uh uh darling, you only have to receive, don't be so eager when I kiss you..." She restrict her.

"I'm sorry mommy I can't hold it, I love you too much..." She declares.

Chloe kisses her passionately and get herself pretty close to her, and after a time, she release what she's actually doing, so she stops.

"Oh no, I'm sorry mommy. I didn't meant to grind on you... Don't punish me please!" She tries to trigger her pity.

"You know a bad behavior of yours gonna resolve in a unpleasant treat, why can't you hold yourself?" She asks.

"I can't mommy, I'm just a needy kitty, you know that I can't help it." She pout.

"Alright, I'm going to tease you now okay?" She declares.

Chloe answers with a whine. Nora take a hand and start exploring her body, to find herself in the pink panty of hers. Chloe is wearing another poise pad, and it is a bit wet.

"Oh no darling you had a little accident didn't you?" She asks.

"Yes mommy. When I had to lift up the bags until here, it was too hard, I needed to go so badly." She tries to trigger her pity.

Nora slightly tease her girlfriend with a hand in her panties, and Chloe does everything she can to not start grinding again, but this time she's also afraid to leak pee.

"Mommy I-. I really gotta go..." She whimpers. "You're gonna make me going..." She almost cries.

"I didn't said you can darling, you have to hold it still." She smirks.

"Oh no I'm-." She don't finish her sentence.

A little noise can be heard, while Nora's hands get wet. A spurt start to leak from her needy cunt and lands loudly on the pad in her panty. Nora stops teasing her, as she knows she won't hold much if she does.

"Hold it." She orders firmly in her naturally motherly voice. "Hold it, pet."

"I'm trying to!!" She shouts.

After 5 seconds of gushes, she can regain control of herself. She's so excited now, her face is red, and her slit is very ready.

"I want you mommy!" She cries. "I need your head, please head me mommy!"

"Certainly not. With that language you speak? Absolutely not going to." She replies firmly.

"Oh no please, I can't hold much longer..." She cries.

A new pack of spurts get out of her needy cunt, and her girlfriend devour the show she can stare at right now.

"Still didn't told you to." She falsely grumble.

"I can't there is too much in me now!" She shout.

After some moments, she eventually regain mastering of her pelvic area. Nora kisses her belly button and breasts, and Chloe whimper a bit.

"I'm in fire mommy, you're going to make me explode..." She confesses.

"I didn't told you to cum too, by the way. If you do before I tell you to you're going to get spanked a lot you know that right?" She warns her.

"But I'm gonna have a peegasm if I pee..." She whines.

"It's okay, you're allowed to have that. In fact, it proves me you hold enough like a good pee pet you are." She smiles.

"Mommy I can't hold it..." She whines. "I really really gotta go!" She cries.

"I'm gonna make you go and stop one more time before the final relief okay? Do you think you can make it?" She asks.

"I don't know, I need to go..." She mumbles.

"What's that?" She asks firmly.

"Yes mommy I will hold it when you ask me to." She sighs.

"Alright..." She says.

Nora waits a bit under the little whimpers of her girlfriend. She barely can hold it at that point. She's not hurting herself as she is not overfilled in quantity but she took green tea and such to have more need to go, ordered by her lover. So what they are doing is pretty safe.

"Go." She says.

"Uhhh." She replies.

The trickle start again, more like a garden watering pipe actually, but anyway her flow gets splashing in her poise pad.

"Stop." She says before the trickle can get too stiff for her to stop it.

"Mhhh." She whines in reply. "Good catch mommy. You're so clever."

She knew where she had to make her stop, just before the shy flow get into its full force, but her girlfriend still wiggle her thighs in the need to go.

"I'm gonna put the towel on the couch now. I want you to look at it when I do it." Nora declares.

"You're so cruel." She replies.

She put the thick towel folded enough to absorb a heavy wetting, and the she tap her hand on it.

"Come-on pet, climb on the couch." She orders. "Get in position okay?"

"Meow." She whines.

She get on her knees and feet, spreading her legs to let her inner thighs free, as it's for not letting the pee get too much on her legs.

"Alright. Let go." She says.

"Can I?" She asks.

"Yes, little one, get all of your going need out of you. You deserve it." She orders.

"Thank you so much miss." She replies.

Chloe kiss her hand in an evince of her submission to her. Then she look down, to see what's going to happen down there. Nora get on her knees too, but on the floor, so her head is just in front of her sweet pink panty.

The second that follows this one, a new trickle get to be heard, and a flow start to gushes out of her private area. It rapidly get unabsorbed enough by the pad and leak on the sides of it, while she moan in relief.

Chloe reaches peegasm strongly, and she mown as much as she have to, not restrained by any order of her girlfriend telling her to be quiet or hold the pleasure, she can totally unleash herself and go properly.

Soon a wild noise get to be heard, the flow is now a tsunami, and the towel is being well useful right now. The wetness spread over its topface and a falling liquid noise get itself heard.

"Mhhh." Chloe says out of roleplay, as she don't use a tiny voice. "If I ever get to finish this weeing, can we to 69?" She asks.

"That's a good idea." Nora replies honestly. "But could I wet your face before? Looking at you squirming and all made me need to go bit." She confesses.

She lay back on the couch and sighs. Nora climbs on her smiling, having naughty thoughts.

"That's it babygirl, get me damp in your honey." She orders.

*006*2022-01-15 04:51

"Darling?" Shout Chloe. "Can you come real quick?"

Nora walks around Chloe's big house and eventually reach her playroom. Nora's red hairs appear at the tip of the room.

"Can you grab me a towel? There is an extension time of 30, and I don't feel I'm gonna hold that longer." She says in an unsure tone.

"Yes of course." She says.

Nora walks away and get back with a thick towel. She fold it so it fit her girlfriend's playseat.

"Thanks. You're an angel, babygirl." She thanks her.

Nora smiles at her, while sitting in a chair, not far from her.

"So, how's it going?" She asks playfully.

"I switch on slicks right at the best moment. Had a feeling the rain was stopping, and took opportunity to grab some time from it. Now I got to save my advancement, so having to stay concentrate." She explains.

"Nice! I'm so proud of you darling!" She cheers her. "Do you think you're going to wet yourself anytime soon?" She asks, curious.

"Well..." She replies.

Chloe sighs, and at her girlfriend's surprise, a wet spot grows from inbetween her thighs.

"Honey, that's so hot..." Nora says, while she can't help but starting to touch herself.

Chloe's screen starts to draw the car's edition finished, and lean to exiting the pitlane.

"Am sorry, I can't help you right now." Chloe senses that she made her aroused without even looking at her.

"Urgh! You're going to find me so needy in 30 minutes!" She grumbles.

Chloe regain control of her car after exiting the pitlane, and find herself right behind someone at the first chicane.

Nora, to not disturb her, gets away, but can't help to touch herself in the process, and, excited, she grabs a glass of water.

She drank like her girlfriend quite enough in the day, but decided, as she is extra horny right now, to make her a little surprise.

Time hardly passes, but eventually, she can hear a happy, enthusiastic noise from her girlfriend throughout the house. Now she really need to go, so she clumsily walks until her playroom.

"Is it done yet?" She says entering the room.

"Second! I ended second! That's crazy right?" She says so happy about herself.

"It's wonderful darling, I'm proud of you..." She says, while though she is more concentrated on her own idea in mind.

She sit on her girlfriends lap, in face of her, and don't lose a second anymore: She start kissing her.

"I see you were very impatient I finish huh?" She says mumbling in her kisses.

Nora now grinds on her without any pity.

"Am so tired honey... I won't be able to help your needy self with my hands..." She sighs in pleasure.

"That's not a problem..." She moans with a hand in her clothes, working herself.

The next second, Chloe felt a warm sensation spreading on her. Her already wet clothes become newly damp, as the warmth run along her thighs and pool in the seat.

"Oh, honey!" She moans in surprise, with a big smile.

"Decided to give you a little gift!" She smiles in relief. "You deserve it darling..."

"Oh that's so hot! You're making me excited so much so fast..." She moans in reply. "Can you touch me please?"

"Oh you want me to touch you huh?" Nora says satisfied by this demand.

"You know my arms are exhausted right now, please honey!" She softly beg her.

"Mhhh..." She means to be thinking. "Okay." She accepts.

Nora draws one of her hand along her girlfriend's breasts, abs and groin, until stuffing her hand inside her thighs.

"You like that huh?" She asks, and Chloe only moans and grinds on her hand.

"Yes miss please don't stop! Please, I really need you to make me end, don't edge me miss! I'll do everything for you!"

"Everything huh?" She smiles.

The needy Chloe don't need anymore time to finish. She let out a final moan before trying to get rest from what just happen.

Nora closes the door of the room, when Chloe got up to clean herself.

"Mhh mhh!" She smiles, blocking the way. "You said everything huh?"

"Yes, everything miss, I'll do everything you want me to!" She playfully whines.

"Okay." She let her pants fall on the ground in one movement, revealing her bush. "Now lick me clean." She commands her.

