At my command

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*007*2022-05-03 13:13

There is rain. Some thunders faraway. Nothing much else.

Chloe appears in the doorstep. Nora opens her the door.

"You're finally here. I thought I was going to wait for years until you come back again." Nora says after clearing her throat, kind of sounding like she have cried a few times during the day.

"I bet you are a mess when I'm away huh." She says in her natural coldness, from her usual haughty cheeky voice.

"Why are you always so cold like that." She asks. "I wish the time you were nice would be still active."

They enter Nora's house, which lights are on. They sit on the couch.

"Okay you wanna talk about it already." She says. "I wander how cluelessly you are waiting for me to tell you things that are just obvious."

"What?" Nora says, sadly.

"Urgh. You know why I loved you at first? You were sweet and kind. You did things to me. You were active in our relationship." She explains. "Now you are just letting me do you and then that's it. Where is passion?"

"But what can I do? You have to know I don't have as much confidence as you.. I'm too afraid to lose you to try anything." She admits.

"No. That's bullshit. Why could you do it when in our first year huh?" She refuses. "Tell me one thing you did for me recently."

Nora looks down to her knees.

"There. You see? I do everything between us. And I'm gonna go straight forward. It's time for us to stop." She affirms.

"Wha- You mean us? Together?" She panics.

"Look. I'm either too young to feed kids or too old to be babied. I wanna do things. More than just sex and sunbaths. And like.... We don't have any common passion. I'm so much bored!" She sighs.

"No please, baby! Don't leave me!!" She whimper within sniffs.

"You know. If you would have look at it. You would have seen I weren't much here already." She points at.

Chloe stands up and walks to the door. It is poorly raining outside, so when she open the door, the water flowing noise get indoor easily. Nora approach from her, on the edge of cries.

"Don't leave me... I'm nothing without you babe..." She mumbles, so close to her own mouth, eyes-in-eyes, just when thunder strikes far aways, making a little flash and sound.

Chloe lean to her, and gently, softly kiss her on her lips.

"I hope you can learn your lesson, my dear. You need to behave." She says, before turning around and walking under the rain, until her car.

When she closes the vertical-opening door, Nora wets herself. Still quite protected from the rain under the tiny roof in front of the door, her jeans gets fully wet on her thighs and crotch, until it rivers down to her knees and lower.

She does a sign of waving with her hand, while the car turns on and start driving, throughout the road in middle of the rain, a thunder or two clapping around or away.

*008*2022-10-09 10:58

After a time watching her peacefully asleep girlfriend, Chloe climbs on the bed and start kissing her out of sleep, while she place the breakfast she prepared for her on the nightstand.

"Wakey-wakey" She mumbles to her love.

"Mhhhh" Nora protests.

"You wouldn't want to miss me before I go to work would you?" Assumes Chloe.

Her girlfriend hug her suddenly, almost at tears.

"Wha-" Chloe mumbles in her lover's hairs.

"I love you my dear" Replies Nora almost crying. "I love you, I love you so much"

"I know that cutie." Smirks Chloe once she gets her face away of her love to see her cute bed head. "Did you had a nightmare again?"

"Mh." She nods in her tinyness. Her little voice being as cute and as needy as always.

"You know. There is two things I will never do in life. One is being able to live without you cute butt on my side. Second is leaving it alone."

Nora kisses her neck. Chloe sighs but tries to control herself.

"Baby..... Babe. I- um. urgh. I have to work.." She mumbles

"Darling please stay.." She says "Tell you boss you have to take care of your sad and scared milf of a girlfriend that needs you so she doesn't think she worth nothing."

Nora caress gently her hairs, and stays still, now laid with her girlfriend in her arms.

"Aww don't say that babe. You are enough." She tells her "You worth the world to me. You know I love you I will never leave you alone my cutie pie."

Nora blushes as she finds out a plan to get extra special care this morning. And she knows how to act for her wanted dues.

"Mommy.." She mumbles in her neck and close enough to her ears. "My pipes are clogging... I need someone to unfold them..... I need you mouth down there...."

Chloe's eyes gone wide.

"Ohh fuck I can't resist that." She says as she redress herself upwards, turns around, and now lean down on her laid girlfriend.

Nora opens her legs for her, and shivers a bit in anticipation.

"Ahhh gosh you so beautiful my love I can't... fucking... resist..." She kisses her breasts and down her belly.

"Mommy. you know..." She's now suddenly shy again.

"Yeah babygirl?" She asks as a reply.

"You know.. When you'll untie my pipes, it would result in me.. kind of. Letting it go.." She blushes immensely.

"Yes cutie. I know. Problem is, I took a shower already, and should go at work in 15 minutes. So I'd ask you a favor if you'd hold yourself while I'm down there." She demand.

"What? No.. I can't do that..." Nora says between sighs of pleasure, already feeling herself coming.

Chloe kisses her down there again and again, and soon enough, audible moans results.

"Hold yourself like a good girl okay?" Chloe says mouthful. "Don't wet mommy sweetie pie. I know you can do it."

"Mh-hm.." Nora moans.

Eventually she cums, and Chloe backwards in time before her girlfriend completely overflow the bed. The protective layer absorbs some of the liquid even if it starts making a puddle under Nora's bum.

"I have to go darling.." Chloe says, still touching her.

Nora does a little needy sound but let her go, while herself letting fully go too.

"Have a nice day, babygirl!" Chloe waves at her.

When Chloe leaves the place, Nora's alone little loving whimpers and satiated sighs are the only thinks filling the room, along with some occasional spurts still coming out of her.

"What a mess to clean up now..." Nora have a naughty smile. 

*009*2023-02-21 20:39

Chloe and Nora walks together throughout the corridor until they reach someone with a notepad. After being registered Nora and Chloe changes in a teamroom to now wear sporty clothes. Lines of screens and computers are standing on a scene while a crowd are on grids of chairs, all in a setup like a theater or such. 

"Don't you should drink more before getting ready?" Nora asks her. 

"Don't worry darling. I'm all set. You should stay calm. You know I'm well prepared." Chloe says. 

"Are you sure you don't need anything?" Nora asks again. "Are you sure you're at your best? 

"I only need your love to win.." Chloe comforts her. 

She hugs her and kisses her a few seconds before joining the line of gamers on the scene, close to the two animators or hosts. 

"Welcome to the Indumitable Event!!" The host says. "I hope you are ready for a thrilling event for the next hours, because it's going to be crazy!" The other says. 

After a few seconds the hosts gets behind the line of gamers and the crowd cheers as they bow. When they get still again, a lightspot target one of the team. 

"For this year's event we have several mighty contenders!" The host presents "The two highest team of this multi-gaming event lost in middle of countryfield, at my right I have the Blinkers!" The crowd cheer and the lightspot shows others. "And at my left, Exceltium!" 

The next few days, pressure increases, as the two teams get their scores closer and closer through the games. But Exceltium have stood higher since the start. Now it is the morning of the last day. Chloe is half prepared, resting in the lockerroom while the last other teammates leaves the room, ready. Chloe only wears a tight outfit, having in hands the team-vest they all wear.

Nora sneaks in and touches her shoulders, kindly. A bit surprised, Chloe turns around, but when she sees her girlfriend, she only relax. Looking at the mirror, she sighs. 

"Oh, you scared me." She says. 

"What you doing in here?" Nora asks, taking the outfit and putting it on the bench. "Shouldn't you be ready by now?" 

"Oh nothing. I have a bad feeling about the game." 

"Why's that?" Nora approaches and almost reaches her lips. "Does my cute babygirl needs a little health-boost..?" 

She lean in closer and kiss her passionately. After a time Chloe backwards slightly. 

"It's not that.. Even if not being close like this from you that long makes me quite hungry, sure." Chloe sighs. Nora kisses her a bit more but she denies her. "Stop.. You unconcentrate me...." 

"I don't remember saying it wasn't my goal.." Nora smiles. But then she worries for her. "Okay, sorry. What's wrong? Tell me." 

"One player of our team, is like, really wierd. She was doing so little for us. All during the week." Chloe explains. 

"Don't you think you are a bit mean to her?" Nora says. "I found she looks quite authentic." 

"Urgh! Don't fall for that!" Chloe stands up. "She's totally under her usual performance. There is something wrong." 

A giggle can be heard in the background. Caught of surprise, Nora and Chloe shuts, and quietly walks towards the closed door that is probably linking the room to the other's team's room. Two voices can be heard easily throughout the door, since it isn't like they are much hiding it. 

"Come-on don't be so guilty. I'll share my prize with you!" The guy says. 

"I know. It's just if ever somebody knows, I'll be in serious troubles." The girl says. 

"What? Are you afraid you will be too loud?" The guy vocally smirks. 

"Don't say that. You know I always end up making you louder." She giggles. 

Nora looks at Chloe and blush. Chloe recognize the voice of her friend, which breaks her. 

"Are they......?" Nora mumbles. "Going to do it?" 

"She's sleeping with the enemy!" Chloe mumbles almost too much in character of the event during a second. "How she could do that to us. She's supposed to be a part of our team! Where don't you specify that you have your bedmate in the other team! Like. Hello! I'm sleeping with the enemy! So it'd be better not counting on me!" She says. 

"Come-on, that must not be that bad.." Nora says. 

"Today is last day. If we don't react, we won't!" Chloe says. "I didn't done all that training for nothing." 

Chloe exits the rooms and leans towards her other teammates, that are warming up on the games already. 

The team isn't convinced at first, unfortunately. 

"Give her a chance. We all have bad days." The cute nerd guy replies. "Yeah, let her be." The strong muscular black-skinned guy adds. 

"Okay. I trust you, buddies. I hope you're right." Chloe tells. 

The next 2 hours goes fast. But occasionally some complaints are hearable inside the team Blinkers, while the other is more quiet. 

"Ray, you walled my folks!" The nerdy guy tells. "Also would like help on front." 

"Ray can you stop feeding their units they're reclaiming your deads!" The tough guy says. 

Chloe sighs a few times but does contain herself. On the stream, the two animators are a bit concerned. 

"Selena Ray is a bit walking on their tails today.." The one says. "One thing sure tho. You better not give your enemies too much assets to reclaim after a battle." 

The game ends after the Exceltium totally wipe the team's base. They are drenched. Blinkers are exhausted. 

The 2 gamers stands up and face the girl. 

"What's your problem, Ray?" The nerdy guy says. "It's not because you're in pocket you can relax and do nothing!" 

"Yeah, true!" The other says. "I did five times your score. Tell me how's that possible!" 

The commentators and the cameras are all onto their faces, and Chloe is just expressionless. She just wait for something to happen at this point. 

"It looks like this hurtful defeat is causing stability issues within the Blinkers..." The commentator says. 

The two teammates joins Chloe in face of the betraying girl. 

"I wasn't trusting you yet now I doubt." The nerdy guy tells the remaining girl teammate. 

"Wait! No! It's not what you'd think!" She tries to defend herself, but it isn't very effective. 

"Guys, let's see with the hosts if we can't do something about that. I had enough." The strong guy says. 

He walks to the center of the scene, closer to the hosts, followed by Chloe, and soon the geek too. 

"What if we want to exclude a player from the party. Are we authorised to?" The tall guy asks to the host. 

"Oh so it is that bad?" One commentator says. "I mean there is nothing in the rules telling you can't change during the event. It is up to you to find a good player." 

The team talks for a second, then Chloe glances at the crowd. 

"There is plenty of gamers here. How to make sure the player we look for is loyal to us?" The cute nerd guy says, worried. 

"We just have to look for someone that truly believe in us." Chloe smiles. She gestures at Nora. "I want you in my team." 

"What?" Nora is surprised. 

After a moment they are both in the teamroom. Nora blushes so much. 

"Are you serious? You want me to play instead of her?" She worries. "But- but- I'm not a gamer- I- I- I never gone into training or such I'd never be capable of anything I just can't-" 

"Baby. Babe. Honey, it's okay!" She tries to comfort her and stop her speech. "You are fine, okay? You know this game. We played so much of it! I know you can make it. Trust me. I will guide you. You will be great help for our team." She explains. 

"Okay. I trust you." She smiles. "But gosh I can't face the stress, I'm going to melt." 

"There is a 30 minutes pause lasting yet. I'm here for you babe. What do you want... I can help you with..." Chloe hugs her softly as her girlfriend blushes. 

Nora hugs her tightly but can't help being handsy. Chloe feels the pleasure instantly and really like her hands on her lower back. 

"Oh it's been a long week for you too I see." Chloe smirks on the impatience of the redheaded woman. 

But she gets conscious and leans away, blushing. "I'm sorry.. I should let you fully minding the competition. Distracting you like that is really mean of me." 

"Okay now it's going to be really hard for me to concentrate if you only turn me on right before the thing." Chloe says, kind of worried, and her usual bold or coldness vanishes as her face prove her neediness. She bites her lowerlip, before reaching close to her again. "You can't take that away from me now. Or I'll fail for sure." 

"Oh you actually want me now." Nora kisses her gently. "Wasn't sure. Didn't wanted to bother you." 

"Babe, you have to remember that you will never not arouse me. Whenever you are trying to do me I can assure you it is same for me." Chloe caress her girlfriends hairs. "However. This last week have been really tough. And I can't lie and tell I'm not super wet for you right now.." 

"Is that true, warrior princess?" Nora trace over her breasts, then her belly, and eventually reaches her spot. "Do you need someone taking care of yourself, huh?" 

Chloe sighs heavily at this sentence. "Oh fuck, I almost just did cum there! I wouldn't thought that week was that working hard on me.." 

"It's okay, I'm here for you..." Nora says. "If we don't have time for me, it is alright. That moment now is for you." 

They both got out of the rooms, and sits right next to each other. The show's view often switch between the players' cam and the overall scenes and all, but each of their's streams are their own view and screen. 

"Okay. We have played that game a lot of times. What does counter cavalry?" Chloe tests her love. 

"Spikes!" She replies. 

"And what counters spikes?" She question again. 

"Swordfighters!" She replies, glad to remember. 

"And what counters swords?" She asks. 

"Um... Heavy infantry or maybe.. Cavalry?" Nora says, unsure. 

"That's right! Heavier infantry, cavalry, or ranged units can deal with them." She smiles to her "That's really great honey! You reminded everything!" 

The chat is getting excited for the two. "Are they together? They are so cute!!" And someone else says "Oh my god this is couple goals!!" 

The commentator suddenly gets excited as the screens of all players shows the start of a new game. "And here we go for the last part of this thrilling event! The 4v4 Sudden Death!" One says. "If one of your teammate loses, you all suffer that defeat!" The other adds. 

Chloe clicks around on buildings and workers like crazy. "Okay, frontline. I'm going to drive this game you aren't ready guys." Her voice is confident and teasing. 

"What path should I choose?" Nora worries. "My favorites are already taken. And. I know it is better to balance pros and cons of each nations. But. There is so many choices!" 

"You are still in stone age?" The nerdy guy freaks out in the headset. 

Chloe rolls her eyes. "Calm down, no-life." She says, knowing the team would react like that. She then turns her head to her girlfriend that was looking at her, lost. "Take spartans. You will just have to line units and camp." 

"Thanks honey." She tries to calm down, concentrating on the game again. 

"Whenever you are lost. Think about the main iconic units of each types. I've talked days long about each nations of each stages. You will do the right thing baby. I believe in you." 

"Okay. I'll try my best." Nora says. 

After a time Chloe stresses a bit. "What in the world-" She says as she sees the number of archers downing her group of melee fighters almost totally hidden upwards a hill around forests. It is been few minutes each time she tries to rush up there the enemy backwards his units, and the climbing making it impossible for her to reach them, so she gives up to let her units heal back closer to her producing rally-point. "Oh my god, if he doesn't move his guys from there I think I'm going to explode or something." 

"Going on steel age soon. Um. What should I take?" Nora asks. 

But no one replies. 

When the main stream switch to them, the muscular guy is trying to break the walls the other team placed in middle of his lane, and the nerdy one is busy making a mage or some thin scholar avoiding the enemy's fighters running after them. 

After a time worrying, Nora reminds what her lovers said. She remembers all or most of what she said on all the game. She close her eyes and take a deep breath. And when she opens them again, she clicks on one. 

"Help. Please. Kind of losing at the moment." Chloe says. The enemy pushes through her lines, making her having to backwards even until her own base. "Help help help help!! I seen ballistas in the fog! Like- lots of ballistas!!" She have a cold sweat. "Gosh if they hit my castle I'm out! I swear we're going to lose soon." 

The heavy siege monsters climb up the hill of her base, most of them charges their attack and one-shot the thin wooden wall while some didn't cared to stop, just passing through freely the opening, and continues rolling towards the castle in center of the stone houses circles while some longbow wielders take care of the rare melee warriors Chloe can produce, her base on the verge. 

Suddenly a diamond, or somewhat of a teardrop shaped herd of heavily armored knights with blue capes and subtle golden assets rushes through the machines and eliminate them in about half of a minute, and before anything more happen the knights sprints downward the hill of the base, and, their lances pointed upfront and piercing through the poorly armored long-distance ones. 

"On my god look at this! The charge of the french cavalry!!" One commentator says. "The save that completely denies them the victory right on the edge!! The tension was so high, I'm trembling!" The other says. 

Chloe wipes her eyes, trying to stay concentrate. Before she understand it is Nora that did that. So she stands up and as she gathered her units safely in her love's base, Nora stands up too, and they hug warmly. 

"Oh my gosh baby you did this!" Chloe says. She hugs her tightly and they both jumps around all happily. "I'm so proud of you!" 

"Thanks honey!" She smiles. "But lets concentrate, the game's still on!" She says. 

"Yes, you're right." She sits on her chair again, trying to recover from all that emotions. 

After a while, space-styled soldiers continuesly shoots at eachother. 

"Alright we are almost there. Need a little more pressure and we'll win." Chloe says. 

"Coming soon!" Says Nora. 

A fleet of ships lands and deploy an enormous amount of tanks and soldiers, which unlock the situation. They all push forward and soon enough, the screen freezes for a tiny instant before the victory starts playing. 

"And that is victory for Blinkers!!" The commentator shout. "What a tremendous game that was!" The other says. 

The line of gamers tilt forward and smiles, at the cheering people. The event is now done and the pressure releases. 

"We won! We won!!" Chloe hugs Nora. "I'm so glad we could make it!" 

"Thanks honey!" Nora says. "But you did most of it. The team also." 

"Oh my god! That cavalry charge! That was amazing! I'm so proud of you baby! You eventually learned how to play!" 

"Yes, I think so.." She smiles. Then she gets closer to her and mumbles in her hears. "Now I quite need you to reward me if you see what I mean.." 

She smirks. Nora blushes. But a bit hidden, a crying woman runs out of the event. 

Getting out of all of this, Chloe finds the gamergirl standing close to trees of the woods, not specially far but some distance from the event. 

"Are you proud of yourself?" Chloe asks, her voice harsh and usual boldness. The other teammates stands not far from her and seems quite to follow her point. "You could have told us you were intimate with the other guy." She says, sounding annoyed. 

"I'm sorry. I would understand if you'd kick me out of the team." She wipes her tears as she turns around and look at the strong, tough looking blond woman. "I should have told you I was with him." 

"We don't care about who you sleep with." Chloe replies. "But you have to play fair. You can't come up and play with us while giving them the win. In fact I think it is what's retaining us from becoming a great professional team. We have to be lawful to ourselves over all." 

"Easier said than done." Selena says. "He would have shared his part with me. He pressured me to letting them win. I would have won something either way. But now it's gone public he threw me away. He just- He played with me I didn't even seen anything." 

"What?" The muscular one says. 

"That's not okay." The nerdy one says. 

"I know! I should have seen it coming! All I had have fallen... I've ruined everything!" She cries in her hands. "I'm alone and I deserve it!" 

Chloe looks at her teammates for an instant. They all seems to agree to what her looks is telling them. So she steps forwards and gives a hand to the gamergirl. 

"You don't have to be alone by yourself. You can choose to do better now you learned your lesson." Chloe says. 

"Really?" She stops crying, surprised. Getting her face of off her tears she tries to stay calm. 

"You don't deserve our victory. But you don't deserve to stay all alone either. It is up to you to choose your path. Would you promise to train and be the best you ever was and always lawful to the team?" Chloe asks. 

"Yes!" She seize her left hand with her own. 

The other two teammates joins their hands on them and they all raise their hands joyfully. 

"Can we go now?" Nora says, behind them all, kind of impatient. 

About a couple of minutes after that, Chloe drives the car with only Nora by her side and they smiles. 

"Gosh I wanna be home....." Nora sighs, quite tired. 

"So. What now?" Chloe says. "You want my hands or my mouth?" She smirks. 

"Oh nothing. I'm just wanting to tell you your seat is going to get wicked." Nora says, sighing, spreading her legs. 

"What? No!!" Chloe says. "Use a towel at least!" 

"Yeah, okay." Nora smugs. 

She grabs a thick towel there is in the rear row and she pulls it under her, after what she soon have a great wetting spot spraying in her thighs. 

"So good to let it go, honey." She says, while the hissing is hearable. 

"Shush! You making me have to go!!" Chloe wiggles a bit. "I'm not protected, unlike you sweetheart!" 

"I know right." She smiles more. 

"You know you are supposed to be at my command, babygirl?" Chloe smirks. 

"Oh but you let me all needy after the rest pause time. I'm going to fuck you so hard." Nora declares. 

"Fuck.." She swears and sighs. "Don't say things like that, you turning me on...." 

"Think about how I am for you!" Nora sighs, her need to go eventually coming to an end. "This night you are the one at my command." 
