En Aulidi

Author: satyr

*000*2016-10-12 13:21

Might as well post this here as well. A rather radical remix of Greek mythology.

So begins a story that has no business being a fetish story, but it is.

Chapter 1: Quantum Leap

Above her, a monolithic tower loomed. According to the legends her grandmother loved to tell, may she be ever present in the trees and the rivers, they had once used that tower to send men to the moon. It was just an old tale, like the flying ships and the war to end all wars. Still, it seemed like the tower was speaking to her through the ages. Sasha didn't know what it was telling her. Below the tower was a limestone castle lined with sun-panels, and around it, Aulis, named after some long-gone city, like all the others of the known world: Athens, Sparta, Syracuse, Thebes, Corinth, Roma, Edessa, Byzantion, Mycenae, Troy, Esfahan.

She and her horse were waved through the city gates, and then she was passing by the port district. A hundred ships or more were anchored in the bay. A galley lay at the nearest quay, bobbing gently on the water as glistening slaves carried luxury goods out of a ship. She stopped for a moment to ask an old man what it was they were unloading. It must be valuable, judging by the several dozen hoplitai who were guarding it, inclining their spears ominously at passers-by who stopped too long to look.

“Computers,” said the old man.

“Computers?”

“Number machines. They can calculate the eclipses or predict the outcome of a battle before it even begins.”

“That sounds like an oracle,” Sasha said.

“It's magic,” the man said, and then both of them received a prod with the wooden end of a spear. Sasha almost fell off her horse, and only just managed to hold on to the reins. Cursing loudly, she continued on, weaving through the city toward the castle gates. She passed by the bustling agora, where men and women haggled over such mundane wares as apples, fish, mutton, beef, cotton and slaves, and luxury goods like whale meat and sealskin from the frozen north, ivory from the south, batteries from the west, rare earth metals from the east, pearls from the Peloponnese, and electric devices from all over. She stopped to observe an old man, glasses perched perilously close to the end of his nose, demonstrating the inner workings of clockwork. He had a traditional watch, but also several small animal automata, animated either by trickery or by a soul that had been bottled before it could make it to the underworld. A youth pointed to an automaton and asked if it was real.

“Are you real? Am I?” Asked the man.

Sasha turned away once the connection to the world of flesh and blood was severed. The youth appeared to think the same. “You're not Socrates, you're just a fraud,” said the boy.

Sasha left the two of them to have at it. By then all of her was coated in a layer of dust and sweat. She looked nothing like a lady-in-waiting, unattended and dirty. She looked poor, and she was. Her father had sold their house to buy her a horse of her own. She might have walked there, latched onto a caravan, but her father in his wisdom had decided that she would have been turned away at the castle gates, if not the gates of the city itself, if she didn't even arrive on horse.

Sasha took a sharp turn right when he reached a bend in the road that she knew led to the pleasure quarter. Brown-skinned and white, the pornai hawked their wares while pimps called out, “one oblong, one-sixth drachma, anything you want!” They were women of all ages, and young men. She had delivered messages to brothels before. It had never bothered her, and she might even enjoyed walking her horse through the quarter, soaking up the life of the city, but somehow she felt that where she was going, this was frowned upon. Instead, she made her way to the castle. It was cold in the shade cast by the tower, and the chill felt somehow metaphysical. This may well be the brains of the city, but it sure as hell ain't the heart.

The guard scoffed at her when he saw the dust glued to her skin by her own sweat, but adopted a sickly sweet voice when he asked her for name and business. No doubt he would be laughing behind her back as he sent her away with all the courtesy of a diplomat, beggar that she was. Nevertheless, she had to press on. “Sasha, of Thebes,” she said. “Reporting for court.” She produced a sealed document out of the satchel on her hip.

The guard eyed her suspiciously, but accepted the document. He then made her dismount and stand waiting beside her horse in the sweltering heat for close to an hour while the document was, presumably, passed along a chain of officials, until it reached a junior scribe of the Doux, who would then send it back along each link of the chain. Sasha had been shooed into a small courtyard off to the side, not inside the castle proper but part of the outer bastion. Mercifully there was a well, and she drank heavily from a bucket. By the time a red-faced messenger appeared with what had once been her sealed message, she was shifting her legs subtly underneath her peplos. It was another one of the things her father's house had bought her. He had insisted she dress like a proper Greek, and not a foreign slum-rat in dungarees.

“You may proceed,” said the guard who had first received her. His face appeared softer, now. He looked at her with something like longing. Did he long to be like her, accepted into the inner castle, or did he long for her? Sasha mounted and rode on, although she immediately regretted it. Sitting with her legs spread amplified her desire to pee.

Sasha passed by one great wall, through a gate and then another courtyard, and then, finally, she was in the inner castle. She saw washer-women hang clothes on a line, and she blushed as she realized her first of many future faux pas: none of the clothes hung there looked anything like hers, or like the clothes worn by the men and women of the streets. Here were jeans, hoodies, some kind of tight cotton pants, strange gowns, short pants cut off so high up the hips that the pockets hung out from where the garment ended, lingerie so sexy it made Sasha blush. Lots of bras. Sasha suddenly felt acutely aware of her own unsupported breasts underneath the peplos. Her father need not have bothered: she would have looked less out of place in the clothes she had worn before.

A woman stood before her, then. She curtsied and then stretched out a hand to help Sasha dismount. She need not have bothered: Sasha swung off the horse with practiced ease. She'd made a living as a messenger, riding two days distance in one night on occasion. It had been a challenge to her riding skills that brought her to the Doux' attention, or at any rate to one of his attendants'. She'd once competed with a fellow courier to see who could ride a hundred paces the fastest starting from a standing position. Sasha had outraced him by thirty paces, although he had been gaining on her by the end and would have likely won if they continued another hundred.

That gave her an idea. A daring, impossible idea. Her father would have never allowed it, but then again, she hadn't told him anything about it. One day, she rode into Thebes and straight to the agora. She'd walked around for a while gathering her courage, and then she had begun shouting. She figured she had to make herself larger than life to stand out from the usual panhandlers, so she began making wild, open gestures, comparing herself to gods and mythic heroes. “Find me a man in all of Hellas who can throw a spear faster than I can mount a horse,” she boasted, “and you will know my lie by the look on my dead face!”

“Silly girl,” a woman spat. “Suicidal,” said another. “Just another fraud.”

She'd eventually met a man who agreed to arrange a race for her, after she gave him a private demonstration of her skills. They agreed that a hoplos stood at sixty paces would throw a javelin at her, and she, starting from a standing position, would mount and escape before being impaled. It could not be done, they said. But she had been adamant to prove herself, and she had made good money off it, too. Not enough to retire on, but enough not to starve for a while. Sasha had trained by having her sister throw small stones at her; she calculated that she needed to jump up a half-second before the cry of “Throw!” to have any chance, factoring in the greater strength and speed of a man.

The event became the centerpiece of a night of entertainment at the agora. The man she'd met had been a promoter of some sort, putting on wrestling shows and horse races. He didn't ask much of her, and even agreed to let her have all of the profits from the betting. He'd made one request, though, and it had been a big one. “You have to do it naked,” he'd said.

“What!” She grabbed hold of the lapels on his shirt and shook him. Strangely, he seemed entirely unperturbed. She supposed he was used to athletes with anger issues. “I'm not a whore!”

A sly smile played on his lips. “Far from it. We're not here to sell your body. Not to put too fine a point on it, but few women can sell out the agora just on their looks, and you are not one of them.”

Suddenly, she'd felt the irrational urge to prove him wrong, even if she had to suck every damn dick in the market. Of course, she had no intentions of going through with it. “Not to worry,” he added after seeing her reaction, “you are still a pretty girl. But no, this is different. The athletes in the Olympic Games in Old Hellas competed naked. The women of Sparta had their own version of the agape,” the rigid military training which consumed their entire childhoods, “which included nude dancing. All the wrestlers in my shows are nude.”

And so it was that she ended up naked in front of a thousand people in the crowded agora. The man, Konstantinos, had her walk in carrying an electric torch whose bright whiteness looked entirely incongruous in the otherwise flame-lit dusk. The evening had started with wrestling, and by the time she had watched ten pairs of sweaty, naked men try to break each other to the ground, she had almost become blasé about nudity.

Sasha was still nervous. Of course she was. She'd practiced horseriding since she could walk, and she had the fastest mount and takeoff of anyone she'd met, but the thing still seemed suicidal once her employer threw a wrench in her works. Sasha had expected to ride Kuarkiōn—her own horse, named for the god of small things and things which have no name—but her employer would have none of it, for two reasons, as he said: (1) the horse might be harmed, and (2) he would not be associated with the goring of one of his employees. Instead, she was forced to ride an unknown stallion. It was a sin to ride any horse for which you don't know the proper name, unless you are the one naming a foal—a euphemism for horse theft which seemed, in this instant, to be quite literal. She had no idea how the horse would react and no time to practice.

Nevertheless, the show went on. Sasha had observed the crier from the edge of her vision, and as soon as he began opening his mouth to yell, she had jumped up, pulled the reins sharply to the side and driven her heels into the horse's sides. She needed only to escape with her life, not make a triumphant run for it. Sasha almost fell off the horse, but she had escaped. The horse wasn't so lucky. The spear had passed through its thigh, and it had to be put down. Even after paying off the cost of the horse, she had been set for a while.

After the challenge, a spindly old eunuch had approached her with a proposal she was hard pressed to refuse. She'd thought maybe she might have a career in entertainment, but here was a real offer of financial security on the table. Her father had been furious that she had “risked her life in such a foolhardy way,” although she suspected he was secretly proud of her and angry that he had not been there to witness her moment of glory. He'd pretty much forced her hand. And now here she was.

The maid seemed nonplussed when Sasha dismounted with the grace of a water-nymph, but quickly regained her composure. “Neutria,” she presented herself. Sasha was relieved to see that she was wearing something more akin to her own attire—although perhaps being dressed like a servant wouldn't serve her so well at court. “I will be your personal maid. You must be exhausted from the ride.”

More like in serious need of a piss, Sasha thought. Not sure what court etiquette was for addressing subordinates—not that she had ever had one, but she had certainly been one, and a cruel part of her wished to see how far she could take the disrespect—she dropped the vulgarities. “Neutria?” She asked instead. “Like the godess?”

“Like the godess,” Neutria confirmed. “She of no charge.”

Sasha didn't know if that was a veiled statement of subordinance or merely literal.

“You don't find many servants around who are named after godesses.”

“I think you will find that there aren't many servants out there as good as me.”

Neutria led her up two set of stairs, down a hallway past some guards, and into one of the wings of the castle proper. “This is where you will stay with all the Prince's women,” she said. Casually, just like that. “All the Prince's women.”

“Say, is there by chance an… outhouse?”

Neutria laughed. “You have a lot to learn about court life, Sasha. We don't use those.” Oh. They have flushing toilets here? She had used one, once, after delivering a message to a wealthy patron of the arts. Sasha felt positively royal as she expelled the vilest parts of her and then pulled on a cord to make it all go away. She felt significantly less royal when she saw her own waste float by in a cobbled ditch by the stables.

“Anyway, I kind of need to...” She pressed her legs together to emphasize her need, although the movement was more functional than anything by this stage. She felt like she her bladder had been inflated by a bellows like the one she used to get fires going in the hearth.

“Hold on just a moment, let me show you around,” Neutria said.

“It's really rather urgent.”

“It's never that urgent for a lady of the court,” Neutria said. “Not so for the likes of me.” What could that possibly mean? Was she expected to hold it? Sasha really, really didn't want to embarrass herself on her first day at court. She had done that once while riding all night to deliver an overnight message, and had been red-faced for more than one reason when she delivered it, even if it had dried out in the morning sun and no one save her steed would ever know. He didn't seem to mind, the horse. She would miss Kuarkiōn dearly.

Sasha had to stop several times on their tour to squeeze between her legs, drawing stares from several of the servants milling about the place. All of them female, save for a couple of eunuchs. By the time they were nearing what was to be her own sleeping quarters, her eyes were watering.

*001*2016-10-13 09:01

This story is more on the abdl side of things, but will include plenty of wetting. I have 3 chapters written so far.

Chapter 2: Negative Charge

Scared and uncertain. That's what Agatha had felt when she stood at the altar, when Aeneas fastened the necklace holding a small piece of amber around her neck. He had chosen to have the rites performed according to the Cult of Elektron, as was his right. She would have preferred Kuarkiōn, because she truly felt like a small little thing. She stood five paces tall, if that, and her golden hair had been tied into a bun. The dress covered her nicely, so her maid had said. “You're an adult now,” her father had said in his speech to her. “May you have many happy years and many happy children live to stand where you stand now.” Agatha didn't feel like an adult. She was just twenty-two years old!

Her mother had told her what would happen at the night of her wedding. She was scared, but also, she realized, a little curious. It felt almost shameful, but her maid had said it was only natural. She was old enough to be a mother, so she was allowed to be curious about the art of baby-making. Her maid was more vulgar: she was an adherent of the heretic Cult of Dionysus, and the villagers whispered that she mated with snakes. Agatha didn't believe any of it. She had known this girl since they were both children. She was, had been, her only friend and confidante. Persephone wasn't shy; she would tell Agatha all about her exploits with the stable boy. Snakes scared her.

Aeneas was tall and far from homely, although she wasn't sure if that made him a good husband. He was a great catch, in theory. A general in the army. Destined for great things. Agatha didn't want to be destined for great things herself. She wanted nothing more than to be small and invisible. Persephone said she was just anxious, that her anxiety got in the way of ambition. Everyone should have an ambition beyond that of pumping out babies and caring for them, Persephone said. But Agatha didn't know what she was supposed to aspire to.

She could have been a weaver, but it bored her, and then she got sad that it bored her, and then she cried and gave up. Perhaps she ought to be a dancer. Persephone said that men of war needed to see women dance before going off to fight, so they knew what they were fighting for. In general, Persephone saw everything as glorious and heroic. It was as if peeing was a glorious act of union with nature, and sweeping the floor defiance of same. Agatha didn't know what to make of her, or of it. Wasn't it enough to be graceful and cute and kind?

When Aeneas kissed her, it had been her first kiss. Well, that wasn't quite true. One night, Persephone had snuck into her bed and held her, and then she had taken Agatha's head in her hands and brought her lips down on her own. It had felt very different from Aeneas' kiss, which had brought her into close contact with his itchy stubble. When Persephone kissed her, it was an act of love, and she had a lost look in her eyes—she knew that they would be separated, then, and would never share the same intimacy again. At the altar, it was as if her husband—that's how she must think of him now—were sealing a contract by clasping forearms.

Then he had taken her by the hand, and they had gone by carriage to his home. Her home, now. He had held her hand the entire way, perhaps sensing her fear and uncertainty, perhaps taking it to be anticipation. When they ran over a pothole or bump, he squeezed her hand, which she found sweet. Perhaps he wouldn't be so bad?

“Welcome home,” he said, as they exited the carriage. There were olive trees in the garden, and several buildings made of sun-dried clay bricks. The main building was two stories, with a little porch. There was a stove outside, and on top of the roofs were sun-panels. When she entered the house, Aeneas hit something on the wall, and Agatha was amazed when the ceiling lit up all electric. She had never seen electric lighting before, except in photographs. It was a little past noon, so there was plenty of natural light, but the electric light transformed the place from a house to a wonder.

“You like it?” Her husband asked. “Had them installed last year. The sun-panels cost an arm and a leg, but you won't ever have to light a candle in our home.”

Persephone was the one who always lit the candles. The thought that she wouldn't be seeing her every day brought a tear to Agatha's eye.

“Baby, what's the matter?” Aeneas asked. Then he sniffed the air. “Oh, I think I know. Come with me.” He took her hand and squeezed it again, and then he led her into a bedroom. There was a large double bed, and more electric lighting in the ceiling and a lamp in the corner. On the wall opposite the bed stood a large wardrobe.

“Sit,” Aeneas said, and she got a sense that it was a command. He was a commander of men, after all. Was this what it was going to be like to be his wife? Agatha didn't understand what was happening. How could she tell him that there was nothing he could do to console her, save bringing Persephone over?

“You're an adult now,” her husband began.

“I don't feel like one,” Agatha said.

“No one does. When I killed my first man...” He trailed off. “Sorry. You don't want to hear that. It's like, what I would say to a young boy. You're my wife.” He looked pensive, apprehensive even. This was a man, she sensed, who was not used to not being in control. A man always with a plan, and now he had none. Suddenly she wondered if perhaps she would be his first, too. Perhaps he hadn't either? He was fairly young, after all, if older than her.

“Now, there are certain things that are expected of an adult. And it is my job as your husband to teach them to you.”

“Like what?” What could he have to teach her? Was he talking about sex? She had expected that that would come later in the evening. She had expected they would have wine, and she would have more than was strictly necessary with dinner. She hadn't expected to do this sober just past noon!

“I'm not going to fuck you,” he said, and the sudden change in his demeanor startled her. “If that's what you're worried about.”

“I'm not… I mean, I want to, if you want to… I want to please you.”

“And you will. Believe you me. But I thought we'd start with something else. Something to ease you into adult life. I thought we'd start with potty training.”

“What? No! I mean, I'm not ready, I'm only twenty-two!”

“I haven't pissed my pants since I was two. And I don't want to change diapers all day. There's war brewing.” There was always war brewing. Men were always making war with one another. Hadn't he just mentioned he'd killed a man? No, several, he had begun talking about his first.

She became suddenly self-conscious of the fact that she'd pooped herself. It wasn't something she usually thought about. Of all the variables that went into assessing a social situation, it had never occurred to her to think of the state of her underwear as if it figured into it. She would do her business and then Persephone would be at her side, changing her and cooing all the while. Perhaps it was a little juvenile. But she was still so young.

“Let's get that stinky butt clean,” he said.

“Am I really that stinky? I hadn't noticed.”

“You were stinking up the carriage pretty bad.”

“I'm sorry,” she said. What did she have to be sorry for? Why was she apologizing for what was only natural?

“Don't be. I didn't mean to be rude to you—I should be sorry. It's not your fault. But we're going to make you an adult. I couldn't even begin to think about sex with someone who still shits in a diaper.” Then he caught himself. “Sorry. I'm being rude again. I'm a military man. I'm used to this. It's not your fault, is the point. I won't be mad at you if you try your best. But I will be mad if you refuse to even try. Do you understand? I don't expect you to succeed at first, I just expect you to try.”

She nodded. She felt the tears begun to well up again, and a tightness in her chest. This was all too much, too soon. She would rather be bent over the bed and taken from behind than this.

“Now, let's get you clean. Mind you, I've never done this before...”

“Persephone always does it so fast.”

She hid her face behind a pillow. He stumbled his way through the change—it took him ten minutes to do what Persephone could do in three. Finally, she was dressed and clean. Somehow, she had never felt unclean before sitting in her own filth, and being freshly changed was simply a thing of comfort, like sleeping on a down bed compared to a thin mattress made of straw. Now, it was as if her natural body functions had become dirty.

“We'll start with number two,” her husband said. “You can still pee in your diapers. Okay?”

“I don't think I'll manage...”

“Try.” There was a flair of his temper again.

“I think I'd like to get drunk now,” Agatha said.

“You're a big girl now all of a sudden?”

She threw the pillow at him. He ducked away, but his face had surprise written on it. “I've been drinking wine since I was five.”

“I think I'd like a drink, myself,” said Aeneas.

Sasha was twisted like the roots of an old tree by the time she entered what was to be her bedchamber. She had never been so desperate to pee in her life, save for that one time when she didn't make it. “Please,” she said to Neutria, “we've seen it all, the baths, the hallways, the reception rooms, the studies. Can you please just show me where I can pee before I piss myself?”

“Oh,” said Neutria. “I didn't realize...”

“It's pretty fucking bad, yeah,” Sasha said, as she felt herself leak. Her control slipped for a second, and she felt a trail of warmth snake down her leg. She bent over at the waist, clasping herself between the legs, almost ready to give up. Sasha bent up and down, dancing on the spot, and then she was hit with a sharp pain in her abdomen, a pressure like the point of a knife twisted into her innards. She knew then that she could only relieve the pain by letting go, but letting go was unthinkable. The maid would spread the news all over the castle, and everyone would know her as the girl who couldn't even finish a tour of her new lodgings without pissing herself. If only she hadn't drunk so much out of that gods-damned well, in that awful heat.

She stood there for what seemed like minutes, grimacing and enduring the pain, imaging herself to be a great warrior of the legends—her namesake Alexander the Great, perhaps—but even the image of herself conquering the lands of elephants, the Achaemenids, molon labe—even that could only put her mind off the pain for so long, and, opening her eyes, she let go. Her cheeks burned, and a moan escaped her lips, a loud sigh that sounded more like an orgasm than a pee accident. Immediately, her peplos grew warm, and then it was splashing against her ankles. She stared down at the puddle that was forming around her sandals, and it just kept growing, and growing, and growing.

Her maid stared silently as Sasha peed. “Wow,” she said at last. “You sure do hold a lot of pee.”

“Apparently not long enough,” Sasha said. Her fists were balled up, and she stamped a foot in the puddle. Some of her urine splashed against Neutria's feet, and she took an apprehensive step back. “This is your gods-damned fault, you useless girl,” she said, and realized she was speaking exactly like her superiors had spoken to her. Always blaming her for their own failures. “I told you, and told you again I needed to pee, I asked you for an outhouse, a toilet, anything, and you insist on showing me some more fucking rooms!”

Neutria was crying. Sasha exhaled and then took a deep breath. Breathe with your stomach. Channel Neutrino—the infant son of Neutria's namesake—who flows effortlessly through matter, going everywhere and bumping into no one. “I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” her maid was saying. “I didn't realize… I thought you were protected!”

“What do you mean, protected?”

Neutria composed herself. Perhaps she, too, was channeling Neutrino. She got down on her knees, and for a confused moment Sasha thought she would offer her some sort of salutation. Who knows? Royalty are crazy and their customs make no sense. But Neutria was rummaging through a shelf underneath the bed, and then she produced a towel and a large, white square. An adult-sized diaper.

“You've got to be fucking kidding me.”

“All the ladies of the court wear them,” Neutria said. “I just assumed, since you are nobility...”

“I'm not nobility. I'm just an ordinary girl, like you. Who told you that?”

“The way the Prince speaks of you.”

“He's never even met me,” Sasha said. “Look, I'm sorry I yelled at you. I've had a subordinate for exactly one hour and already I'm becoming like those people, calling you a useless piece of shit. They used to do the exact same to me. Blame me for all their failings. You were just confused by these patently crazy noble customs.”

“They do tend to do that,” said Neutria. Her tone had changed. She was speaking in a more hushed tone, as if she were speaking to a friend and not someone of a higher social class. “You know, I used to think that too. Then I saw what they're like. These ladies genuinely need diapers.”

“I was prepared for weird rituals but this shit is beyond me. In any case, I don't need diapers. I just need to know where the bathrooms are.”

“I'm sorry,” Neutria said. “There aren't any.”

“What?”

“There's only one in the servants' quarters, otherwise there are no toilets in the Ladies' Wing of the castle at all. And trust me, if you want to fit in here, you don't want to be seen there. They would immediately assume you were fucking someone.”

“I can't believe this.” She really couldn't. Her grandmother had told tall tales of life at court, not that she'd ever been to one herself, unless she'd lived some secret life in her youth that not even her father knew about. But nothing as wild as this.

“Look,” Neutria said. “Let's just get you a bath. I'm sure you feel dirty.”

“I do, thank you very much,” Sasha said. Her maid led her down a hall to the spacious baths, which were steaming hot. She was still in her soaked peplos, embarrassed for it, but less so now that she knew that she was expecting to pee and—she could only assume, with a shudder—poo herself. Her clothes were damp from the humidity by the time she was ready to undress anyway. As she slipped off her peplos, she noticed a woman sitting in the baths. She wore her golden hair in braids, and when she rose, Sasha was certain she had seen a siren. It was as if there was a glow around her, as if this woman alone had the power to illuminate to her the hidden field of Magnesia—as if Magnesia herself were standing in front of her. When she spoke, all she said was “Hello,” but Sasha heard birdsong. It was almost spooky.

“This is Helene,” said Neutria, “wife of Menelaus and Queen of Laconia.”

“What are you doing here?” Sasha said. It was not what she'd intended to say and definitely not the way to address a queen. Truly, there was nothing she could say. She was reminded of Konstantinos' words: Few women can sell out the agora just on their looks, and you are not one of them. Here, she stood face to face with a woman who could, and they were both nude. Helene was like an anatomical drawing, too perfect to be real. As if someone had blown life into a line drawing intended to demonstrate sacred geometry. Her perfectly spherical breasts, the tiny contour of her collarbone, the softness of her skin, the sway of her thighs, the lure—when did women become a lure—of what lay between them. She was not real. She was a hallucination brought on by too much craziness in one day.

“Just passing through. Please, join me,” said Helene, and held out her hands. Sasha took them and felt a warmth spread through them, upwards into her chest and downwards to her thighs. Sweet Elektron, this woman was a drug! She gingerly stepped into the bath, felt her uncleanness wash away, felt immediately guilty to be fouling the bathwater of such a beautiful being. Then Helene let go of her hands, and Sasha longed to take them again. She shook her head to get rid of the spell. She was acting like a crazed fangirl, like those women who had thrown themselves around the victors in the wrestling competitions, who had led them out of the agora to the nearest alley, presumably to perform the services of the devoted.

“Isn't it nice to feel clean?” Helene asked. It was nice. So nice. “I always take a bath in the morning and one in the evening. Look, you have dust in your hair!”

Sasha blushed. She had forgotten all about that. Helene produced a bottle of some sort, wafting perfume through the room. Then she put her fingers gently on each of Sasha's eyelids, willing her to close them. Again that energy shot through her, and phosphenes danced across her vision.

“Let me,” Neutria said, but Helene insisted that it was no trouble. She began kneading the shampoo into Sasha's hair, then poured some water over.

“There, there,” Helene said. “All clean, like a babe's bottom after a change!”

Sasha opened her eyes. Helene rose and took a towel from another maid who had appeared sometime during Sasha's spell, and she accepted one in turn from Neutria. Once she was sufficiently dry, Neutria fished out that dreaded garment, the diaper. Sasha looked at Helene, who was getting into a beautiful blue dress. Helene simply smiled. “It's not our custom,” she sang, and then she was gone.

Neutria nodded. “She has that effect on people,” she said. “A real enchantress, that one. Did you know all the kings in Hellas wanted her hand in marriage? They held a contest to see who was worthy, and Menelaus won. All her suitors have sworn to defend her in case she ever gets abducted, and with looks like that, I wouldn't at all be surprised if she was.”

“Hmm,” Sasha said. Now she was back to her usual self, and she didn't like what she had for a moment been transformed into. “I don't like it. It's creepy. I mean, her touch—it was like getting high. But now I feel almost violated. Well, that's a little strong, but you get what I mean. It was like she was inside my head, massaging my nerves.”

“Uh-huh.”

“So, about the diaper.”

“This one isn't so thick! It's almost like regular underwear. And I'll try and figure out a solution. But in the meantime, everyone at court will expect you to wear one. Trust me, you don't want to throw away this opportunity on some silly pride. You don't know how lucky you are to be chosen.”

“I think I have a pretty good idea,” Sasha shot back. “I was almost impaled on a spear to get here. Horse wasn't so lucky.”

“Really?”

“Yes, really. I'll tell you about it sometime.”

“Please do. Now, lay down here and let's get it over with. It's not so bad. You can wear jeans! You look like a slave in that peplos,” Neutria said.

*003*2016-10-13 10:59

{{1 hour ago, JLH99 said:

Is this OC, or based on a previously built world? I love it, and find it refreshing to read something a little different, bit I'm curious about the world it takes place in.

}}

It is OC in that I made up the post-apocalyptic world, with various inspirations. (For instance, in the Crusader Kings mod called After the End, there is a religion that worships the atom. That inspired me to make Greek mythology with subatomic particles in the role of deities. I thought that was at least moderately clever, since the words neutron, proton and electron come from Greek.) I would never write fanfiction, I don't think. I enjoy the freedom of creating my own rules, and I have enough of an ego that I don't want to share the glory!

On the other hand the general plot is loosely based on Greek mythology and the legends behind the Trojan war, which is a 2500 year old story. I know where the story will eventually end up, and the title itself is a hint and even a spoiler if you google it and go read about it on Wikipedia.

The worldbuilding is definitely a big part of this, and later chapters will show off more of the world. But this is definitely "soft science fiction", so there's no scientifically plausible explanation for every little thing. Why do certain technologies and certain knowledge still exist, while others have been completely lost, seemingly without rhyme or reason? The reason is probably just "cause it's cool, bro." A big one though is that there is no fossil fuel whatsoever, and clean energy technology is mostly very expensive, so most people don't have electricity and a horse is still the fastest way that an average person could travel on land. I was actually just reading the science fiction novel The Windup Girl, which was another inspiration. In that novel, the most valuable thing in the world is calories. Genetically modified mega-elephants on treadmills power a factory.

Basically manual labor is suddenly much more important.
