Double date disaster

Author: stinklerus

*000*2019-06-20 17:13

Tom was getting excited. He was sitting on the train as it approached the city station. He was on the way to a long awaited date with a much older woman he had met on-line and he was really looking forward to meeting her in person for the first time.

Now Tom wasn’t like your normal early thirties young man. Sure, he had his mates and enjoyed meeting them in the pub occasionally for a bit of fun, but other than that he was different. While they all went out clubbing and chasing scantily dressed young women, he much preferred older, more mature ladies. He had therefore recently started spending much of his spare time in his room (he still stayed with his parents) chatting online with a lady he had started to communicate with. She was almost twice his age, but from the photo she had sent she looked younger and had a nice, curvy figure which he liked, rather than the skinny women his mates chased after.

Tom didn’t know why he was attracted to more mature women, but considered that it maybe was partly due to something he had witnessed when he was about twelve. He, his mum, his friend and his friend’s mum had gone into some local woods for a picnic. Tom and his friend had played hide and seek, and while Tom was being seeker he had almost stumbled across his friend’s mum in the process of pulling up her knickers after peeing in the woods. She had stood up, with her skirt about her waist and he had seen the dark triangle of hair between her legs before she got her knickers up.

They had been thin, light pink nylon and were so sheer that he could still see her hairy pussy through them before she turned around to check no one was about. She hadn’t seen him, but he got a lovely view of her firm, round bottom before she dropped her skirt and headed back to the picnic area. The sight had caused a reaction in his own underwear that he hadn’t experienced before and it stayed vividly in his mind all these years after. He started watching his friends’ mums and his own mother’s friends more closely after that, looking for tell tale lines outlining their knickers under their clothes or hoping to catch a glimpse of something up their skirts as they sat on the sofa.

Whatever had caused his interest, it had only grown with time, so now here he was arriving to meet Jill, the woman he had befriended. They had arranged to meet at a restaurant, but Tom had made sure he had taken a train that would get him there in good time, so he went to his hotel to check in and freshen up. He worked as a clerk in a legal office in the small town where he lived. There were few staff and all were much older than him, but they paid well and he didn’t mind the work as it often involved being in the presence of smartly dressed older ladies.

One of the problems of living in a smaller place was that everybody knew one another, if not on first name terms, at least by sight, so there was little hope of him chasing after some of the attractive older ladies in the area, or they would cause a minor scandal in the community! He had arranged a few days off and had told his parents he was having a break in the city to visit some places of interest. He was sure that they would not approve of his real reason for the trip and felt it best they didn’t know.

Jill had moved to the city a few years earlier after her husband had passed away. He had been many years older than her and , although he had been kind and caring, he had never really provided what she wanted most - good sex! They had lived in a large house and most of their social life was entertaining his circle of friends who were all as old as him, so she hadn’t had much opportunity to meet with people of her own generation. He had left her well enough off though, especially after she sold the big house and moved to a new little house in a quiet residential development. She had settled in nicely there, with good neighbours who were friendly, but who kept themselves apart at the same time.

About an year ago she had decided that she was getting no younger and that if she wanted some sexy fun then she had better start doing something about it. She had therefore posted on an online forum and this young man called Tom had contacted her. He sounded genuine and from his photo he looked charming, so she had agreed to meet him for a dinner date. She had suggested the restaurant, as it was quite central and was always quite busy, so she would have plenty of people around should things not go according to plan.

She checked herself out one last time in the full length mirror before leaving and getting in the taxi she had booked. She had put some thought into her outfit and taken time over her make up, to try to look attractive, yet not cheap. She wore a smart top with just enough of a cut in the neckline to reveal a hint of cleavage whilst still looking respectable. On top of this she had a short jacket. She had decided to wear smart trousers rather than a skirt or dress. They were black, and quite tight around her bottom while flaring a bit lower down her legs.

She had chosen a pair of skin coloured knickers that were designed to hold everything in place and hide any excess, -shape wear, she believed they were called. They were almost too tight and she thought that she must have been putting on a bit of weight since she last wore them. Still, they did what they were supposed to do and held her lower tummy in nicely and didn’t show through her trousers at the back unless she bent over, which she would have to remember to try not to do. All in all she was quite pleased with what she had seen in the mirror and reckoned she looked at least five, if not ten years younger than she was.

Tom sat in the conservatory of the restaurant, sipping a soft drink and watching everyone arrive. He knew what Jill looked like from her photo, so knew who to watch for. He had taken the opportunity to visit the gents before settling down to wait and had been pleased to see that they had a condom machine. If the date went well and things looked promising he would return and get some later.

In due course Jill’s taxi arrived and she got out, went to the driver’s window and bent forward to pay him. Tom noticed how her trousers tightened as she bent forward, revealing the clear outline of her knickers, and he found himself immediately get hard. Jill was looking stunning and was even better in the flesh than in her picture. He immediately stood up, trying his best to hide the substantial bulge that had developed in his trousers and went to get ready to meet her. They hugged, kissed one another on the cheek and made their introductions before finding a waitress and being shown to their table. Jill was almost like a starstruck schoolgirl at first, as she thought Tom was so handsome and when he had hugged her she had felt how strong he was and whatever aftershave he wore made him smell divine. She subconsciously felt herself moisten a little at the sight, smell and feel of him, which surprised her slightly, as no man had caused an effect like that for many years.

They settled down to a lovely leisurely meal, accompanied by several glasses of wine. When they had finished eating they each re-filled their glasses with the remains of the bottle before being shown back to the conservatory where they sat chatting as if they had known one another for years. When it finally came time to leave, Tom excused himself to go to the toilet, as the soft drink, wine and water he had been drinking was starting to have an effect, and he was also thinking that he should get these condoms, as the evening had been going quite well. However, when he went in the place was full.

The restaurant was attached to a public bar and shared the toilets. There was an international football match on the television in the bar and it must have been half time, as all the urinals and cubicles were taken and there were others waiting to use them. Tom cursed under his breath, as there was no way he was going to casually step up to the condom machine and use it in front of all these men. His need for the toilet wasn’t too bad, so he reckoned he could wait until they got back to Jill’s, if that was where they were indeed going, as they hadn’t mentioned what was going to be their next move still at that point.

Tom returned to the table, where Jill announced that she had better go to the toilet too before leaving. When she entered the ladies, the sight that met her was even a bigger shock than the one which had confronted Tom. One cubicle was closed with an Out of Order sign stuck on the door and the other three were all in use. There were several desperate looking women of various ages waiting in front of them, all muttering and moaning about how desperate they were. Then a woman in her mid twenties who had followed Jill into the ladies suddenly exclaimed “Oh stuff this, I’m almost pissing myself” and without further ado had lifted her skirt, dropped her knickers, squatted over the drain in the floor and let go a torrent of pee.

All in front of the other desperate ladies! Seeing her let go was almost too much for one of them, who grabbed her crotch, slammed her thighs together and stood moaning with her eyes closed. Jill had seen enough and decided that if they got a taxi back to her house she would manage to hold on comfortably. She was needing to go, but nowhere near as badly as some of the queuing women waiting in the toilets. She therefore decided not to keep Tom waiting any longer and went back to join him.

Once they left the restaurant they looked around for a taxi, but could see none. Jill took out her phone and tried calling to book one, only to be told that they were extremely busy and there would be none available for at least an hour. She told Tom, and he asked how long it would take to walk. Jill replied that they would easily be back at her house within an hour and so they headed off. It was a peaceful evening, but noticeably cooler than it had been earlier now that the sun had gone down. They walked arm in arm, chatting constantly about various aspects of life in general.

Gradually they moved from the business district into more residential streets, with large imposing houses with big gardens and posh cars in the driveways. Tom was beginning to wish he had waited for a toilet, as all the liquid he had consumed was really making itself felt. He hoped they wouldn’t be too much longer, as he would have to wait for at least a few minutes when they got to Jill’s before asking to use her toilet. If she took him in at all, that is. Their evening had gone well and she seemed happy, but there was no indication as to whether she was turned on by his presence as much as he was by hers. If she didn’t invite him in he would have to find an alleyway or something, because he was sure he would never get back to his hotel in time.

Jill too was finding herself becoming distinctly uncomfortable and in normal circumstances would have used the toilet some time ago. The excitement, the wine, the chilly evening air, and her overly tight knickers were all contributing to an increasingly urgent need to relieve herself. She was wishing she had waited for a cubicle to become vacant back at the restaurant, even if she had been forced to witness someone else pee on the floor or even go in their knickers. She was hoping she was going to make it home without at least leaking a bit, and the face of the woman in the toilets kept coming back to her mind.

Tom must have noticed her becoming quiet and he asked if she was okay. She replied that she was and started chatting again. He was becoming increasingly worried now, as his need seemed to be growing by the minute. He asked Jill how much further they had to go. She replied that she wasn’t exactly sure, as she didn’t walk this way very often, but she guessed another twenty to twenty five minutes. That really worried Tom and he had to slip his vacant hand into his pocket and give a little squeeze to help keep things under control. He tried speeding up, but Jill was trying to slow down, as walking quickly made her need more acute. He reluctantly slowed to her pace and found she had fallen silent again. She had done so because she needed all her concentration to keep her bladder in check. She was becoming rather desperate and was now actually quite worried.

She had enjoyed a lovely evening with a gorgeous hunk of a man, who although he was half her age, gave her the hots like crazy. She had to keep hold of this guy, she had decided, but having to pee in the bushes on your first date was no way for a grown woman to behave. And heaven forbid if she didn’t make it to the bushes and wet herself - what would he think of her! She would have to hold on, that was for sure, because even without the embarassment factor , there were no bushes she knew of between here and her house. In fact there was nowhere she could think of where she could try to go if things became too bad, so she was going to have to hold, like it or not.

After a few more minutes things were really getting to Tom. His hand was by now constantly in his pocket, twirling and squeezing relentlessly. On particularly bad spasm struck him and he thought for a moment he had lost control and was about to wet himself, but somehow he overcame it and regained a degree of composure. He knew his time was limited though, so decided to ask Jill if there happened to be any public toilets in the immediate area. She replied that there weren’t any anywhere close by that she was aware of, and then followed up by daring to ask if he needed to use one.

He was so desperate by now that he overcame any reluctance or shyness and replied, saying that he was needing quite badly and would possibly have to look for somewhere. Jill tried to reassure him, saying that it wasn’t much further and that she was sure he could hold a bit longer. She added that there weren’t really any places where he could go anyway, at least not that she could think of. She also told him that she could use a toilet herself and would be rather glad when she got home.

Use a toilet herself! The truth was she was almost at the stage of using her knickers as a toilet!. She was absolutely desperate but had been trying not to show any outward signs in case Tom had considered her childish. Now she had reached a stage where she was no longer able to hide the fact, and was actually glad Tom had admitted his need as it made it easier for her to admit to needing too. She slipped a hand between her legs as she walked, trying to discreetly hold herself. It wasn’t easy. Her pussy was pulsing away, wanting relief, and her tight knickers were applying away too much pressure on her bladder. She was going to have to pee soon, whether in a toilet, down an alley or in her knickers, she was definitely going to have to go.

She racked her brain for somewhere that would give them a little privacy, but couldn’t think of anything in her frantic confused state. Just then to make matters even worse she had a sudden spasm and had to stop and cross her legs, bobbing up and down on the spot as she did so. She had been feeling moist “down there” anyway due to being so turned on by Tom, but she was nearly sure that she had leaked a little with the last wave of pressure and gingerly felt the outside of her trousers to check. She couldn’t feel anything, which reassured her, but she was almost beyond bursting and if she didn’t take some form of action very soon there was no question about it that she was going to piss herself.

Tom was in an equally bad way. He was sweating and certain that he could sense his boxers were damp. The more he thought about peeing somewhere, the more desperate he became, clutching and squeezing himself relentlessly as he tried to walk along. By now they had passed through the area of big, old houses and were walking past blocks of modern flats intermingled with smaller, modern houses. Most had small front gardens, but no boundary walls or hedges that would provide sufficient cover for him to have a discreet pee.

There were parked cars here and there, but they were well spaced out, with no narrow gaps between them for cover either. What was he going to do?! He was almost at the point of pissing himself! He had to do something! Then, suddenly another severe wave struck him and he felt it coming. He wasn’t going to be able to stop this one, he was pissing! At the same moment he spied a covered walkway between two sets of flats and decided that was going to be his only chance. He Let go of Jill’s arm, Muttering as he did so.

“I’m sorry Jill, but I can’t hold it any longer. I’m going to piss myself! It’s already coming out!” With that he rushed into the walkway, unzipping as he went, whipped out his penis, which was already spurting out jets of pee, and let loose a flood onto the ground. It splashed against the wall, spraying out all around his feet and splashing his shoes. Tom didn’t care! It felt like bliss to finally get rid of all that liquid and he stood there with a look of ecstasy on his face , before finally giving it a shake and tucking it back into his soggy boxers. He went back out to the street and began to apologise to Jill. “Oh Jill, I am so sorry! What a way to behave, but I honestly couldn’t have held it another second. It was already coming out before I was ready. What will you think of me.”

Just before Tom had let go of Jill’s arm, she had felt him suddenly tense up, so was not totally surprised when he suddenly let go and ran for cover. He had actually chosen the spot well, even if finally through necessity rather than by design, because although she had heard plenty she hadn’t actually seen anything in any detail. However, hearing Tom’s pee gushing out and splashing on the ground had almost been too much for her and she had been forced to do a extremely severe pee dance standing on the pavement. She had been forced to grab herself with both hands, wrap her legs around one another and generally squeeze every muscle she could to stop herself from going there and then.

She reckoned from their surroundings that they were at least another five to ten minutes from her house and she knew now that there was absolutely no way she could possibly last that long. Although her dance had stopped her from completely loosing control, she was sure that she had felt a jet of pee escape into her knickers and although she had hardly ever wet herself in adulthood, she knew from experience that if she was at that stage she didn’t have very long at all before it would be too late.

She tried replying to Tom, saying that she understood and for him not to worry, but she couldn’t stand still long enough and could hardly get the words out. She gave a little shiver and knew that she was almost at her limit, feeling herself building up towards the inevitable. Tom had noticed and was transfixed. Here was the woman of his dreams, the one he had longed for ever since that day in the woods, and she was about to flood her knickers with pee. He immediately grew extremely hard, so much so that he though Jill was sure to have noticed, but thought he still ought to try to help her if he could.

He didn’t want to offend her, but it was clear from her body language that she was on the brink of having a full blown accident and he didn’t want her to suffer the indignity if that. So instead he said “I’m sorry Jill, but I can see that you are in a bit of a bad way. Do you want me to keep a look out for you while you go in the walkway too. It’s quite dark and I’m sure there aren’t any people about. If you squat there nobody will see you from the street and I’ll promise to keep a look out and not to peep. It will be better than trying to hold and being forced to go in your knickers”

Jill glanced around and looked into the walkway. It didn’t give a lot of privacy, but as Tom said it was quite dark in there and there was nobody else around that she could see. She was still pondering whether to go ahead though when her bladder made up her mind for her. A huge spasm suddenly came out of nowhere and she felt a jet of hot pee spurt into her knickers. She grabbed herself tightly again, dancing around frantically as she did so, but now that the first spurt had escaped, more were coming and she knew that she had to do something or she was going to completely piss herself there and then.

She turned to Tom, and gasped “Oh! Oh! Oh no! Yes , please keep a look out! Oh, Oh no! It’s coming! I’m doing it! Oh No!” With hobbled into the walkway with her legs apart and one hand firmly in her crotch whilst the other scrabbled around trying to undo her trousers. As soon as she was in the entry she dropped her trousers and half squatted as a river of pee erupted from her. Tom heard her give a little shriek, before hearing her exclaim “Oh no, no! Oh I’ve wet myself. I’m pissing my knickers!” Tom was unsure of what she was saying, as she was still peeing forcefully and it looked like she had managed to get everything clear.

However, as his eyes adjusted he saw that although her trousers were around her knees, her knickers were still in place. They were clinging to her so tightly that she must have missed the waistband as she whipped down her trousers and she had totally drenched them. Finally her stream subsided and she took some tissues from her bag and tried to sort out some of the worst of the damage before gingerly pulling up her trousers again and coming back to join Tom. She had tears in her eyes and looked very embarrassed. “Oh Tom” she said, “I’m so sorry. I completely understand if you never want to see me again. It’s just that I couldn’t possibly have held it a second longer. I was already going in my knickers as I left you, then I couldn’t find the waistband to get them down. I’ve basically totally peed myself. I’m so embarrassed.”

Tom hardly knew what to say. Did he tell her the truth, that he had almost cum in his pants seeing her wet herself! He put his arms around her to soothe her and explained that it was okay and that anyone can have an accident. With Jill still sobbing gently they started off for home. On the way Tom explained why he hadn’t actually used the restaurant toilet and Jill then cheered up and told him about her experience, including the woman who peed on the floor.

Jill was waddling along as her wet knickers were decidedly uncomfortable, while, after hearing about the exploits of the ladies in the toilets, Tom was waddling for a different reason. He was so turned on that as soon as they were in the house and Jill had locked the door he was on her, kissing, caressing and feeling his way around her body. She responded by doing the same to him and soon had her hand inside his damp boxers and pulling on his hard member. In no time they were out of their clothes making frantic but passionate love on the lounge sofa. It was the start of along and happy relationship but they always made sure to use the toilet before going anywhere after that night.

*004*2019-06-23 10:31

Thanks for the positive comments. I have some more ideas that have been rumbling around in the back of my mind for ages, so I'll try do do some thing more sometime soon.

