Georgia's desperate evening

Author: sanjono

*000*2022-12-11 13:17

Georgia, an 18 year old girl,was preparing for a test at her secondary school. Georgia's parents signed her up for a secondary school since they didn't have trust in Greece's public schools to prepare her for final exams and thought that this could help her pass them. Georgia wasn't bothered by that since a lot of her friends were already going at the same one as her so she didn't feel alone. Georgia is a young woman with an athletic yet feminine body, having a curvaceous booty and really nice thighs that are a result of her taking swimming lessons from an early age. She is aware of her attractiveness and always wears tight-fitting clothing that emphasize her assets and enjoys the attention she gets from guys because of her body as long as they are not harassing her.

It was Saturday and her test started at 4:00 so she would take the bus at 3:30 and arrive at her destination at 3:55. She decided to wear a pair of tight black pants and a long-sleeved crop top. When it comes to tight pants she wears a thong but due to all of them being dirty she wore lavender-coloured panties. With her wearing such tight pants, panty lines would become visible as well as the fact that these panties were slightly squeezing her ass cheeks but she didn't bother that much.

Before leaving her house she drank two full glasses of water because of the salty lunch she had and then got on the bus to arrive at her destination. When she arrived she realized that it was to early for her test so she decided to buy herself a large cup of coffee since she was feeling a bit tired. Midway through drinking her coffee she realized, from past experiences, that coffee would make her want to pee like crazy but she finished the rest of her coffee anyway as she could ask permission to use the bathroom while writing her test.

When the time came she was about to use the elevator but she noticed that behind her was a male classmate of hers that Georgia had observed would always climb up the stairs instead of taking the elevator. So she decided to also climb up the stairs knowing full well that his attention would be on her ass. As both of them climbed up the stairs Georgia's ass would jiggle up and down with every step she took which was an irresistible sight for any guy as Georgia took advantage of her feminine charm and even started subtly catwalking as to make her ass jiggle more pronounced. She could feel his eyesight burning through her ass as the panty lines created from her tight pants added another layer of sexiness to her already incredibly shaped ass.

When they arrived on the classroom a lot of her classmates were already seated in the front desks and so she decided to sit in one of the back desks.

As she was walking past the front desks a lot of her male classmates couldn't help but notice her incredible ass in those tight black pants. When Georgia sat down she thought to herself that if she started to get desperate she would ask for permission to use the restroom but as of now she was fine. Thirty minutes into the test and those two glasses of water and that large cup of coffee had settled into her bladder making her urge to go bigger,but she was concentrated on her test and she felt like she could still hold it. One hour into the test and the situation was getting intense. Georgia would constantly cross her legs as a result of her increasing urge to go and she would also pull the waistband of her tight pants away from her bladder in order for it to expand.

This relieved some of the pressure on her bladder but not for long. However at this point she could hide her desperation relatively easily and so she continued with her test. After another hour had passed Georgia had almost finished her test and was very desperate to relieve her bursting bladder from all those liquids sloshing inside her. However before she managed to raise her hand in order to get permission another girl raised hers to go to the bathroom and so Georgia said to herself that she would go after that girl was finished.

However after fifteen minutes the other girl hadn't come out of the bathroom and the teacher decided to ask her if anything was wrong. At this point Georgia's fidgeting was becoming more and more apparent but she wasn't standing out that much so she just wished for the other girl to come out of the bathroom. But it seemed like the other girl would take even longer due to her having complications with her period and Georgia would either have to wait for the other girl to come out or she would have to give her test to the teacher and go home to pee. 

In the end she decided to go home since she didn't know when the other girl would come out and she was bursting to relieve herself. She walked out of the classroom with all the boys staring at her sexy ass and headed to the bus stop. When she arrived there she noticed that the next bus would come in twenty minutes. At this point Georgia had been holding that lake inside of her for almost three hours. She was at her limit and those tight pants weren't making the situation easier.

So she decided to sit on a bench and wait for her bus to arrive. The moment her curvaceous ass touched the cold surface of the bench, a nearby fountain started spewing multiple streams of water at once making a sound which made Georgia's situation more unbearable. She crossed her legs and leaned on her stomach to make the situation easier but it didn't do anything.

After a couple of minutes passed, which to Georgia felt like ages, she stood up and started anxiously walking back and forth with her hands clenched as fists near her crotch area and her face having a subtle expression of desperation while she was feeling like she was about to explode at any moment. When the bus arrived all of the seats were taken meaning she would have to stand upright during the entire time. Georgia was always used to standing upright on the bus because it ment that a lot of people could admire her shapely ass. However this time she had hoped for an empty seat in order for her desperation to not be visible and thus attracting all that attention to her and embarrassing her.

So she stood up in a place where only her backside was visible to all the people. Georgia put both of her hands between her glorious thighs and was holding her crotch so that she wouldn't pee herself. The burning sensation in her bladder was becoming more and more intense minute by the minute when suddenly she felt a hand grabbing her left ass cheek firmly. She turned around to see a hand with a snake tattoo vanishing into the crowd. From that shock Georgia's sphincter relaxed for a split second and a miniscule amount of pee squirted in her panties.Georgia quickly managed to control her sphincter and tried to catch the guy that groped her but he had already got off the bus and the door had closed. But Georgia realized that she also had to get of the bus at that bus stop, so she got off on the next stop and started walking towards her house. At that point she couldn't hide her desperation. Georgia was about to explode and bursting to empty all those liquids from her swollen bladder.

She was walking at a fast pace with both of her hands holding her crotch, her ass subtly jiggling every step she took and the expression of desperation on her face becoming more and more apparent. Once she finally arrived at the building her apartment was located in she realized that the elevator had broke down which meant that in order to reach her apartment on the sixth floor she would have to take the stairs. With every step she took up the stairs the more she had to go since all that movement agitated her bladder. Once she reached the sixth floor she took her keys out of her small purse and started unlocking the door.

She was thinking to herself that she would finally be able to relieve herself after all that torture that she endured but when she opened the door she saw her dad entering the bathroom. She immediately asked him if he would take long as she was bursting to pee but unfortunately her dad would stay in there for quite a while as he had eaten something that had upseted his stomach. Upon hearing that Georgia leaned her back against the bathroom's door, with her hands holding her crotch more tightly than ever while in her mind the possibility of her wetting her tight black pants was becoming more and more real.

Not helping was the fact that her mother was washing the dishes and all those sounds the water made was making her situation a lot worse. So Georgia decided to relieve herself in the bathroom of some coffee shop rather than waiting for her father to come out of the bathroom. She ran out of her apartment with one hand holding her crotch and the other leaning against the wall of the stairs so that she wouldn't fall. She quickly ran into a nearby coffee shop to ask if she could use their restroom but there was a small line in the counter so she would have to wait for a bit.

While waiting the sound of coffee running down the bottom of the cups was making her urge to go even bigger. She tried to hide her desperation while waiting in line but she couldn't help but fidget while she was waiting for her turn. Every guy that walked past her couldn't help but admire her ass and Georgia even heard some guys in the back talking about how great her ass was. When the time finally came she asked the cashier with a desperate tone in her voice if she could use their bathroom but he said to her that the bathrooms were employees only.

So Georgia hurried into the next coffee shop where she was told that to use the bathroom she would have to order something first. However after holding inside her all that liquid for more than three hours she couldn't manage to drink anything else as she would wet herself. So she rushed into another coffee shop and this time she was allowed to use the restroom so she thanked the cashier and run past a bunch of guys admiring her ass and opened the bathroom's door. When she came inside she noticed a line of around 10-15 women waiting to use one toilet as the others were out of order.

At this point Georgia was at her absolute limit with her swollen bladder begging her to empty it from all those liquids boiling inside her. Georgia wasn't embarrassed for holding her crotch with her hands and crossing her legs since the other women were also really desperate to use the bathroom but their fidgeting was nothing compared to Georgia's who had been holding inside her more than one litter of pee for three hours. The sound of the other girls' pee hitting the bottom of the toilet as well as the water they were using to wash their hands afterwards was driving Georgia crazy as she would move her legs up and down in desperation.

After only six women remained to use the restroom she received a call from her dad saying that he was finished and that he had also used air freshener in order for the bathroom to not smell. After hearing that she immediately rushed out of the coffee shop and headed towards her house. Her desperation to pee was unimaginable as she awkwardly walked with a fast pace towards her house with her bladder screaming in agony, her hands holding tightly on her crotch, her tight pants putting pressure on her already swollen and bursting bladder and her ass, that masterpiece consisting of the right amount of muscle and fat, was jiggling with every step she took-truly a feast for the eyes. When she reached the stairs she knew that she had to endure all those steps in order to reach her home and finally relieve herself. 

She kept climbing the stairs while the huge amount of liquid she had consumed kept sloshing around her bladder causing her a lot of pain, and that masterpiece of an ass kept jiggling up and down. After a while a man started going down the stairs and walked past Georgia. She looked at his hand and saw a snake tattoo which was the same as the hand that had groped her. However she didn't confront him because her bladder was about to explode with all that pee inside of it. When she arrived outside the door of her house she started looking for her keys inside her purse but she couldn't find them. In the end she decided to knock on her door until someone opened it.

Thankfully after a couple of seconds her dad opened the door and she immediately pushed him aside while exclaiming that she was dying (to pee) and rushed into the bathroom. Inside her swollen and ready to explode bladder was over a litter of piss that was torturing her for the past three and a half hours so she was beyond ecstatic for that torture, suffering and pain she had endured to finally be over. She rushed inside, closed the bathroom's door, pulled both her tight black pants and lavender panties down and................

"Aaahhhh...."

Before Georgia's shapely ass could even touch the toilet seat her bladder had already started to empty itself of all that huge amount of liquid sloshing inside her for the past three and a half hours. It took a minute and a half for her tortured bladder to release all that boiling piss inside her and Georgia enjoyed every second of it while constantly sighing in relief that she managed to hold on for that long without emptying her bursting bladder all over her tight pants and lavender panties. After she finished with her peeing she remained seated on the toilet while relaxing from the adventure she had gone through and once again feeling relieved she didn't wet herself.

Thanks for reading:)


