Shy at a Festival

Author: soggybottoms

*000*2022-05-20 23:41

Ben was having a rough day.

It should've been a great day! Here he was, at a local festival, listening to music and eating cotton candy with his boyfriend on his arm. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, it was a beautiful day. Yet as the afternoon turned to evening, Ben found he was less and less able to enjoy himself.

He really, really had to pee.

Now, Ben had a thing for omo, to be fair. His boyfriend, Todd, wasn't particularly into it, but he didn't hate it either, and often indulged Ben. Under other circumstances, his desperation might've precipitated some frisky fun. But a combination of things had Ben feeling more nervous than aroused.

For one thing, it was a very public venue. Half the city had come out for this festival. There were people all over, and Ben had always been a bit shy, especially about his kinks.

For another thing, if he got past the point of no return, there was no backing out. The portajohns here were repulsive, he couldn't even stomach being near them. Home was quite a walk away, and the parking lot was on the other side of the faireground. If they started leaving right now, it would definitely be at least 20 minutes before they escaped the throng of people, and then even longer before they reached the safety of home.

The point of no return was approaching fast.

Honestly, Ben should've said something sooner. Maybe then, he wouldn't have wound up in this situation, alternately pressing his large thighs together as tight as possible, then wiggling his ample bum for a moment to maintain control of his aching bladder. Ben tried to keep it subtle. He was on the heavier side, and tall, which already made him slightly self conscious. Breaking into a full on potty dance in the middle of the crowd would be too embarrassing for words.

"Hey, Ben?" Todd asked in a hushed tone, close to Ben's ear to be heard over the music. "You okay babe? You've been pretty quiet..."

It was now or never. Ben felt his cheeks flush as he murmured back, "I really have to pee."

"Oh." Todd looked around, judging their location. "How bad is it?"

Ben thought for a moment. "Uh, seven? N-no, eight." A strained whimper escaped him as a wave of desperation hit. Ben clung to his boyfriend's arm and pressed his thighs together again, trembling.

Todd sucked a breath in through his teeth. He didn't bother questioning why Ben hadn't said anything, Todd knew all about Ben's shyness, and berating him now would only make him feel worse. "Do you think you can make it home?"

Ben shook his head rapidly, tears pricking his eyes. He clutched Todd's hand like a lifeline. "I really gotta go, babe. I really have to."

"Okay, it'll be ok." Thinking quick, Todd remembered something. "There's a little park about five minutes that way. It's dark out. You can go behind some bushes. Nobody will even notice!"

Ben wanted to object, but quickly realized he had no choice. The portajohns made him too queasy, and he'd certainly wet his pants before making it home. He was wearing snug, light blue jeans. Even in the dim evening light, it would be obvious if he wet himself. So he let Todd lead him to the promised bushes, hoping nobody would notice his tense posture and blushing cheeks.

Before long, Ben saw the little park up ahead. It wasn't much, just a few benches, some flowers, a tree or two, and lo and behold, the bushes! Ben felt a shimmer of hope when he saw them.

Unfortunately, his bladder had other plans. The sight of relief caused his muscles to spasm, and a hard jet of pee shot out into his briefs. Ben gasped and doubled over, sweating as he fought to cut off the stream. He succeeded, but the damage was done. A wet patch the size of a softball marked the front of his pale jeans. Ben heard a few people giggling nearby, and he ducked his head so they wouldnt see the tears that welled up.

"Shit, okay, it's okay," Todd reassured him. "It's fine, babe, I can barely even tell! C'mon."

Todd put a hand on the small of Ben's back and guided him toward the bushes. Ben kept both hands firmply clasped over his crotch, both to hide his embarrassing wet spot and to prevent any further leakage.

Finally, the bushes. Ben breathed heavily as he stumbled behind them, thanking the heavens for the meager bit of privacy...

And he froze.

"No. No no no please no!" Ben's voice went high as he realized his belt was stuck. He fumbled with it, growing increasingly frantic as his bladder rang alarm bells in his brain.

"What's wrong?" Todd rushed over to help, but it was futile. The bulge of Ben's bladder, combined with the already snug pants and his sizeable belly, had his belt too taut to loosen. Worse, it was digging into him, making him all the more desperate. Ben let out a pained whine and grabbed his crotch again, unable to resist twisting and wiggling in place, anything to keep the flood inside. He hoped faintly that nobody noticed the big guy potty dancing in the bushes like a baby.

Todd took Ben's cheeks in his hands to get his attention. "Okay, babe, listen. I know this is bad, but there's a way out. Just let go. We'll tie my hoodie around your waist, and nobody will be able to tell. Okay?"

It took a moment for Ben's panicked mind to catch on to what his boyfriend was saying. He would have to pee his pants, right here for anyone who cared to look. It was almost too much to bear. He shook his head.

His bladder made the decision for him.

Ben gasped as his muscles finally gave out from exhaustion. Hot piss flooded out of him, gushing between his fingers as he desperately tried to hold on. His cheeks burned with shame as pee cascaded furiously down his legs. He had never wet his pants before, but now here he was, having a public accident in front of his boyfriend. Ben couldn't stop the humiliated tears that ran down his face.

Todd looked away to give his boyfriend a last shred of dignity. Luckily, nobody seemed to notice the two men in the bushes. At this hour of the festival, anyone who did glance their way probably assumed they were fooling around. They certainly wouldn't have been the only ones.

After a few minutes, Ben's bladder finally ran empty. He stood there in shock for a moment, then wiped his wet hands on the bush around him. Todd silently took off his hoodie and tied it around Ben's waist. It hid the worst of the man's accident, though his lower legs were still visibly soaked, especially when the lights hit them just right.

"C'mon babe, let's get you home," Todd said gently. Ben nodded, defeated, as Todd took his hand and led him away.

