The Elevator (PT 2!)

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-03-16 15:45

........................................................................................................................................

Alicia put a hand on Frankie’s shoulder.

”It’s really not good to hold it in. You can just go if you have to…”

Frankie was about to speak, but their bladder already made the decision for them. Pee started to flow out, and despite how much squirming and how much they gripped her crotch, pee flowed between their fingers and onto the floor. Frankie sighed with relief, but their eyes watered and their face reddened from embarrassment. The long stream lasted for two minutes, and there was a large puddle on the floor when they finally stopped. Frankie cried, and Alicia hugged them despite being all wet.

”I’ve been in a similar situation before, and we can cover it up so nobody knows. Do you have a water bottle or apple juice?” Alicia asked.

Frankie handed their girlfriend an almost full bottle of apple juice. Alicia poured some of the juice on Frankie, and then drank the rest of it. Alicia put the bottle in her backpack and smiled.

”There, it’s like it never happened. Rub your hands on the inside of your extra hoodie and then wrap it around your waist.”

”Thanks Alicia….” Frankie rubbed their eyes with their dry hands. “Y-You… you still love me right?”

Alicia hugged her partner again. “Hell yeah I do! An accident wouldn’t change that.”

After a couple more minutes in the elevator, the two were able to leave. They both drove home, ate some dinner, and watched a movie together. Frankie was thankful that they had such a good girlfriend.

........................................................................................................................................

(I’m planning on doing a story with Alicia next, and an interactive one! Stay tuned!)

........................................................................................................................................
