[MLP] Sprout Cloverleaf choses to wet himself instead of waiting for the bathroom

Author: rainyrains

*000*2023-05-17 23:56

It was a rainy day in Maretime Bay, actually, I was quite stormy. No pony would be out of their minds enough to go out on a day like this. Hitch Trailblazer thought that this would be a perfect day to catch up on cleaning, it's been so long since the last time he cleaned his bathroom.

Hitch's deputy, Sprout Cloverleaf, didn't have the same outlook on the situation. The red stallion instead decided to use the day to be a bit of a lazy tail and lay around all day drinking a fridge full of juice boxes.

Little did Hitch know, there would be two storms that night.

It wasn't long until the juice boxes got the best of Sprout. On his 10th box, he felt a sudden pressure in his lower regions, he decided to walk to the bathroom to quickly take care of it but was met with the sound of Hitches intense scrubbing. Of course he was still cleaning!

Sprout was too embarrassed to knock and ask to use the bathroom so he decided to go back and continue what he was doing, albeit, a bit more cautiously. He continued slurping down his juice boxes, trying to not forget that in fact, he needed to use the toilet and this wasn't helping.

The red stallions need only grew worse. He started to cross his legs and tapped his hooves as he waited for Hitch to get out of the bathroom. He walked over to the door again and put his ear against it, Hitches scrub scrub scrubbing could still be heard. How long does it take to clean a bathroom?

Sprout unhappily returned to his seat, deciding now that he didn't need anymore juice boxes. Just staring at those empty containers made the pressure in his bladder all the more apparent. The red stallion's situation went from uncomfortable to desperate, he could now safely say that he needed to pee, and badly.

Hitches cleaning of the only bathroom continued and Sprout's desperation to use said bathroom to pee in the toilet continued at a faster rate. Sprout could no longer sit now, it was harder to hold it in that way. He got up and clenched the front of his pants and made a face. If anypony were to be onlooking now, they would know 100% that Sprout needs to go, and badly.

Sprouts potty dances started to become more frantic, and many thoughts filled his mind. How much longer? Where can I go? Why can't there be two bathrooms in this station, I mean everypony needs them right? His desperation grew past his embarrassment from earlier, so he decided to try his luck and knock on the bathroom door.

“Hitch, I know you are in there! Please open up, I need to pee!” Sprout reluctantly said, a blush quickly swept across his face.

“Not now Sprout, I'm cleaning the toilet!” Hitch replied, and immediately went back to his scrubbing.

“But I really really need to go!” The desperate stallion replied beyond the door.

“Hold it!” Hitch yelled back.

This reply did not make Sprout happy. I mean, he'd been holding it already for so long! Didn't Hitch know that he needed to pee very badly?! What does he want me to do, wet myself?! That last thought that crossed his mind sent a certain feeling down through his body. Oh yeah, I could just wet myself.

Sprout slowed his potty dances down as he contemplated this possibility. The idea of giving up waiting for the toilet and just wetting himself felt like such a tempting option. The thought of it made Sprout feel plenty of different feelings. Embarrassment, happiness, relief …horniness.

The red stallion could no longer contain himself, he clenched his hoof from the front of his pants and spread his legs. RIght then and there, in front of the bathroom door, he let the floodgates open. The area around his private region began to darken, and that darkness fell lower down to his legs, and soon enough, a trickle of Sprouts urine poured onto the floor.

The trickle continued as Sprouts pants grew more damp and a noticeable yellow hued puddle began to cover the floor. The relieved stallion couldn't help but moan as his urine continued to flow to the floor. The relief sent shivers down Sprouts spine.

The puddle at Sprouts hooves grew to it's largest size as his bathroomless bathroom break came to an end. Standing in this large puddles wearing soaked pants made the red stallion feel a very certain feeling he didn't normally feel.

Sprout sat down onto the floor, any dry area of his pants now soaking up the urine puddle. His stallionhood grew and hardened, leaving a noticeable bulge in Sprouts urine-soaked pants.

A smile spread across his face, rubbing the front side of his pants. He no longer cared about the bathroom or Hitch, this feeling was taking over.

"Hey Sprout the toilet… is clean." Hitches jaw nearly dropped at the sight before him, he couldn't help but blush noticing the puddle of urine, and even more noticeably, sprouts erection.

"I really had to go~" The wet stallion said.

"You sure did~" Hitch said with a hard blush on his face, he started to feel a certain feeling too, a certain feeling he didn't even try to hold back. Hitch dropped what he was holding and sat on the floor next to sprout, not at all caring about his now-wet butt.

"I'm a really naughty stallion, aren't i~" Sprout said, hoof on his pants.

"Yes you are Sprout~" Hitch layed a hoof on his stomach and gilded it down his chest.

The two stallions' lips touched as they leaned in for a kiss. Hitch slid down Sprouts pants and Sprout proceeded to do the same to Hitch. This was the beginning of a magic night for them.

