An In-flight Emergency

Author: SaQra

*000*2017-06-18 15:30

Ellie sank into her seat on the plane with a building sense of despair. She had needed to pee since her flight to Majorca had taken of almost an hour ago, and the need had not subsided since. When she went to check the planes bathroom it had been closed for maintenence with no signs of being reopened, so she had returned to her seat. The waistband of her denim shorts pressed uncomfortably into her swollen bladder.

In retrospect she regretted wearing these shorts as they were light blue and ended just above her knees, perfect for showing an embarassing wet stain. She squirmed in her seat, jamming her hands into her crotch in an attempt to relieve the pent-up pressure, but to no avail. Out of the window Ellie noticed a large, grey mass sitting on the horizon. It was a storm cloud. As this realisation made itself evident rain began to fleck the outer pane of the window. The thought of all the water falling from the sky only made her desperation that much worse.

A spurt of pee jetted into her panties, leaving what felt like a considerable wet patch, which soaked through onto her shorts. Ellie now had a wet spot the size of a coin between her legs and only just managed to stop more escaping. With the release of some of her bladders payload, she felt like she might be able to hold for the rest of the flight. However, nature had other ideas. As she began to relax, A flash filled the sky with light and the long, low rumble of thunder shocked poor Ellie half to death.

In her suprise she released her hold on her crotch to cover her eyes and felt warm piss gushing everywhere. It soaked through her shorts and pooled on the faux leather seat, covering her butt with pee. She began to sob quietly to herself. ' For fucks sake, a grown woman of my age should be able to hold it for 21/2 hours', she lamented. Thankfully shortly after the storm subsided a kindly flight attendant lent Ellie a skirt to replace her shorts. When the flight ended Ellie went to a shop in the airport and bought some khaki minishorts, then gave the flight attendant her skirt, as well as some money in a gesture of thanks.

I know this one was pretty short but Thanks for reading :)

