Bay's Pokemon Omo Shorts

Author: ShyBay

*013*2017-10-04 16:28

This one is a little bit different but fits in with the last few stories.

Note: Whomever is marked as (me) is the one telling the story.

###

There's Business to be Done

♀ (me) Puffly; an jigglypuff ♀ Pichanu; a pikachu ♂ Bay; a mudkip

Things just went wrong for me one day. The three of us lived together and all did rescue missions as a team. Bay had warned me today that there was work to do later, but I was feeling tired. I asked if I could sleep for a little bit. He said that that was okay and to just make sure that I got to the meeting place on time. He kissed my forehead and then left with Pichanu. Alone, I went to sleep and rested myself.

I slept for some time and then softly awakened later. I rolled out of bed and shook myself lightly to wake up. I looked out a window then and saw where the sun was. Then, I remembered. I was going to be late for the mission if I didn't hurry! I quickly rushed outside. It was sunny, but the wind was really blowing. Wind is very annoying for me because it's easy for my light body to be blown around. Then, I could feel my bladder aching to be emptied too. “That'll have to wait. I have to get to the meeting!” I thought.

I ran as fast as I could. Fighting the wind was enough of a problem by itself, let alone my constantly filling bladder. It wasn't bad at first, but it became uncomfortable very quickly. “Why does the meeting point have to be so far away!?” I thought. “Well, the mission is in Howling Forest. That makes sense. I gotta try to hold out! I can't be late!”

After about ten minutes, my bladder was really aching and the wind was making it hard to hold. Not even mentioning the fact that I was trying to run somewhere. Eventually, I just couldn't take it anymore. “I have to go relieve myself! I don't care if that makes me late for the meeting. It has to be done!” There was a problem though. I was in town and there was a lot of other pokemon around and I wasn't comfortable with them seeing me pee, so I held it longer to try to get away from town. I was starting to slow down though because I didn't want my bladder to leak or burst.

I was in pain now; but much to my relief, I was on the edge of town. I could just run off into the forest and pee there and nobody would know! Suffering myself to move a little bit farther, I made it far enough into the forest to where I wouldn't be seen. I was looking for a pair of roots near each other so that I could stand on them and go without getting my feet wet but then the worst thing happened to me.

A strong gust suddenly blew and swept me away with it! I didn't roll far, but I ended up smacking my back into a tree and being flipped upside down. The sudden shock of hitting the tree did it. My bladder started emptying itself and it started splashing all over my face! I tried my hardest to hold it back, but it just kept going! There was no stopping it. Realizing that it was pointless to resist, I tried to roll back onto my feet, but the wind was keeping me pinned to the tree.

My fur was soaking in my own pee now. With the feeling of relief in me, I just gave up and let the rest of my bladder empty and splash down my face. It was so disgusting, but I felt a lot better. Finally, the last few spurts came out and I was empty. I sighed. Just then, the wind changed direction and I was able to roll back onto my feet.

Soaked and smelly, I was at a loss for what to do. I thought about going back home, but I thought “No! I have to do this! My job is important and I'm sure that Bay and Pichanu will take care of me!” With that, I ran off as fast as I could go! I was a lot easier not having to worry about my bladder anymore (I really should have just relieved myself as soon as I woke up). Although quite late, I made it there and found Bay and Pichanu waiting there for me.

Bay: Sheesh! You're late... And what the heck happened to you?

Puffly: I... I... (I sniffled) I had an accident.

Pichanu: Please tell us what happened!

Puffly: I... I woke up late and realized that I wouldn't make it here on time if I didn't rush, so I didn't relieve myself before I came. That was a big mistake. It just got worse and when the wind flipped me upside down into a tree, my bladder burst and I couldn't stop it.

Pichanu: So you're soaked in PEE?!

I sat down and cried. “Yeah. I peed on myself... I peed ALL OVER myself!”

Bay hugged me then which surprised me because I was still soaked in pee. He said, “It's okay. I understand. It happens sometimes. I'm just glad and surprised that you even came out here after that.”

I smiled lightly, but I still cried. “I realized that my job was more important and I knew that you'd make it all better!”

Bay: Of course I will! Now, just close your eyes. I'll get you all washed up.

I relaxed and closed my eyes because I knew that everything would be okay. I would be cleaned up and nobody except for Bay and Pichanu would know anything about my accident. The feeling of Bay's cool water had never felt better. It ran down my sides and washed all of the pee away. I sighed again after I felt the last of the water run down my side. I was clean, comfortable, and with my best friends.

Pichanu: Sorry to hear about what happened to you.

Puffly: It's okay. I feel all better now that I'm with you two!

Bay hugged me again and wagged his tail. Pichanu Soon hugged on too and we were all in a wet group hug. We cuddled for a couple of minutes and then we went of to do our mission.

Aside from starting late, everything went perfectly. We all showed off our moves. I had the best move set out of the three of us though. We picked off any hostile pokemon before they could even come close to us! We all had fun and I completely forgot about my earlier plight.

It didn't come up again until it was late at night when Pichanu was already sleeping.

Bay stroked me and said, “An accident every now and then is perfectly fine. We're not perfect; and if we were, life would just be boring.”

Then I remembered all that had happened. “But it's embarrassing though.”

“Yeah. It happens that way sometimes, but Pichanu and I have been through this a few times before we met you.”

“Really?”

“Yup. Care to hear about it?”

“Sure. I'm curious.”

“Okay. Just be cautious that what you're about to hear is minorly disgusting.”

“After today, I can take it.”

He laughed. “Yeah; okay. I'll tell you the one about the mall first.”

“You guys had an accident at the mall?”

“Kind of... Two actually. Just listen.”

We sat and cuddled with each other for a long time as he recalled all the things that he and Pichanu went through. It was funny, embarrassing, and a little sad, but he told me with no shame. I found it kind of entertaining and relatable to what I went through today.

With the time passed, we were tired and ready to sleep. We decided that a tinkle was necessary before we went to bed though. I found myself a good spot and spread my feet apart to let my bladder start emptying, but then Bay came up along my side and lifted his leg in the other direction. We just smiled at each other and he even wagged a little bit. We both started peeing at right about the same time and just let ourselves be relieved. Despite the fact that I don't like to be seen peeing by other pokemon, I was perfectly fine with Bay or Pichanu. They adopted me when I was just a little igglybuff and they were like parents to me.

I finishing peeing and waited a few more seconds there for Bay to finish up. I knew I had to poop too though. I told Bay and he said “Okay.” Finding another spot, I prepared myself and let the poop start coming out. Bay sat at my side and held my hand. Again, we just smiled while I went. It took me a couple of minutes, but I finished up and we went back inside.

I found a comfortable place to lie down and then rolled on my back to go to sleep. Bay then hopped up with me and curled around me. I always loved the feeling of Bay around me when I slept. I was just about ready to start sleeping, but Bay suddenly spoke one more time.

“Don't let one accident get you down. You're very lovable and that doesn't change anything about you.”

I yawned. “Aww, Bay... You're always so supportive of me.”

He hugged tighter. “You being happy is important to me. I just want you to be happy. All right. We've stayed up late. Let's get some rest for tomorrow.”

“Yeah. Thanks, Bay, for being such a great parent to me.”

“I was happy to help you and I've been happier since you've been around. I greatly love you and I don't ever want you to leave.”

“I never want to leave either. I love it here.”

“Good. I'm happy that You're happy.”

He gave me a soft kiss again. I then rolled over on my side and did the same to him. He wagged his tail just a little bit and then relaxed himself to go to sleep. I didn't even bother rolling back onto my back. I just let myself go to sleep as I was in Bay's legs. I slept better that night that I had in a long time.

*016*2017-10-11 22:16

This one is my favorite story to date.

It ties in with the first story but happens at a much later date.

___________________

The Mudkip Curse

Characters:

♂ Me (Bay); a human ... (maybe?) ♂ Bubbles; a minun ♀ Pichanu; a raichu

♀ Puffly; a jigglypuff ♀ Aqua; a marill

I was out on one of my common metal hunting expeditions. Bubbles and Pichanu were with me. I also had Puffly and Aqua with me but they were being lazy in their pokeballs. Anyway, wandering around in this large field, a very unusual find was dug up. It had a very odd glow and brushing it off revealed some lettering.

Bay: Wow. This is a cool thing; and it's got writing all over it!

Bubbles: Nice! What does it say?

I examined it a little bit closer. “Umm... I can't actually tell. It doesn't appear to be in English.”

Bubbles: Darn...

Pichanu: I wonder what it would say...

Bay: Ehh, maybe Google Translate won't be so garbage and we can get an idea of what it says.

Pichanu: Of course. I didn't think of that.

I patted her head a couple of times. “Let's finish up the day here and then go home later to get a better look at this thing.”

Bubbles: Yeah. Who knows what else cool that we could find?

Bay: Nobody I guess. I guess that that's up to us to find out.

Pichanu: That looks like an interesting place to check! (she pointed over to where the trees started growing alongside a creek.)

Bay: Yeah. I bet that there will be stuff down there. Let's check it out.

Pichanu and I started to walk down to where she had pointed. Bubbles rode on my shoulder. We dug around for a few more hours and found some newer coins but nothing else really interesting. Puffly occasionally popped out to check on what we found. Aqua stayed quiet in her pokeball as usual.

By the time that we were ready to leave, evening was already approaching. We were getting prepared to make the walk home. Pichanu stayed faithful to me and walked the entire way with me. Bubbles also rode on my shoulder and kept me company on the way back. Once home, we washed up all of the coins that we had found and that odd thing from before. Once everything was cleaned, it was time to look into the mystery of the mystery object. Pichanu, Puffly, and Bubbles followed me for the reveal.

I got on the computer and typed it in for translation. This is what it threw up: “Whoever digs up this holy relic will have given them the curse of Mudkip. Any exposure to the moon will turn the finder into a mudkip until the moon goes down and disappears from the sky.”

Bay: Whoa. This is a really weird thing. And it's saying about cursing me into a mudkip in the moonlight? Pfft. I don't believe that, but this is still a very interesting thing.

Puffly: You don't even think the slightest bit that you could be cursed though.

Bay: No. I think that that's absolutely preposterous. It has a weird glow to it, but I believe that just to be a ruse.

Pichanu: Bay has never believed in curses or spells or hexes or anything like that. I've never seen provable evidence that they could actually exist, so I'm going with Bay on this one. I don't believe that it will happen.

Bubbles: Yeah. It does seem kind of silly, doesn't it?

I giggled. “Yeah. Why a mudkip of all things?”

Puffly: Well... Okay. But I'm still watching out for you for a while.

Bay: Whatever. Do what you want. I will accept that you can be concerned about me even if I'm not.

Puffly nodded. I picked her up and carried her back to the bedroom. Aqua was already lying in bed and watching TV. I usually always let all of my pokemon out in the house. Anyway, I sat Puffly on the side of the bed and said “I'll be back in a couple of minutes. She watched me as I left the room. I put the new coins away in their container and the odd relic with the other cool stuff that I had found detecting.

I gathered up all of my friends into the bedroom and shut the door. I also brought in plenty of goldfish for us to eat. All five of us liked goldfish to at least some extent. Anyway, some time passed as we rested and I cuddled with Puffly. I got the urge to look outside at the spiders in the window. I could tell by the light that moonrise was near. The spiders were doing nothing interesting, so I laid back down in bed.

Bay: Well, Puffly, it looks like the moon is just about to rise here.

Puffly: Really? I hope that you'll be okay...

Bay: Don't worry about me, Puffly.

Aqua: Wait, what's going?

Bay: According to a weird hunk of metal that I found today, I'm supposed to be cursed into a mudkip whenever the moon rises. (I laughed)

Aqua: Really? That makes me afraid now too!

Bay: You choose to believe that it will happen?

Aqua: Well, maybe not entirely; but still, what if it could actually happen?

I just shook my head and petted Aqua on her head. Very shortly after that, my body started tingling. “Weird.” I thought to myself. It got a lot worse over the next couple of minutes. I chose not to tell anyone about it. “Urk... Is this actually happening?” I thought.

I tried to hide my feeling, but the concerned Puffly noticed that something was wrong. She walked up to me. “I'm feeling a little bit odd.” I said. “but it's probably just going to be diarrhea again.”

Pichanu turned her head at me for a second and then shrugged and turned her attention back towards the TV. Bubbles didn't even move at all. Aqua became worried about me though. She had to watch to see what was going on. The tingling was turning into a pain now. I just wanted to curl up until it went away, so I completely wrapped myself up in a blanket. Not long after, the sudden transformation happened.

Although it was pitch black under that blanket, I knew that it had happened. Despite this, my first thought was “Good thing that I was naked already, because my clothes certainly won't fit me now.” Curling up in the blanket turned out to be a bad idea. I got stuck inside it because I was no longer big enough to move it well.

Puffly and Aqua were very concerned at this point. They had seen the blanket shrink down when I changed. Aqua was even crying a little bit.

Aqua: I-I think that it happened. (she was sniffling)

Pichanu: WHAT?! (Pichanu and Bubbles both came running) Where's Bay?

Puffly: He... He's under the blanket.

Bay: Ugh. I could use a bit of help getting out of here please.

Pichanu came to help me, but felt me first. She could feel that I was small.

Pichanu: There is no way!...

Bay: Look, I'm a mudkip, okay? Just let me out of here already. There's not a lot of oxygen under this blanket...

Pichanu was also now crying because she was scared, but she got her paws under the edge of the blanket and then threw it off all at once. Everybody could see my new form now. Puffly quickly hopped over and cuddled me.

Puffly: Are you okay?

I yawned. “I feel fine. I'm just a mudkip now.” I took a look at my new paws.

Everyone gathered around closer to me. Bubbles got in front of me to grab one of my paws.

Bubbles: Who would've thought that it would actually happen?

Bay: Aqua... (I laughed and turned my head towards her.)

Aqua: But... but it did happen!

Bay: I know. Looks like I'm going to be fine though. I'm just... smaller...

Bubbles: So, what do we do now?

Bay: I guess that we just do our usual stuff. Let's just sit back and relax.

Pichanu: Well, since you're saying that you're okay, I guess so. I'm feeling kind of curious about what it'll be like to cuddle you like this.

Bay: Hmm... yeah. That'll probably be different, but oh well. This is what it's like for now so let's just get used to it.

Aqua: But-but are you sure that it's just for now?

Bay: I'm pretty sure. The inscription said that I would only be a mudkip by exposure to the moon so I assume that I'll return to normal after the moon sets.

Aqua: I hope so. I don't want you to be stuck like this forever.

Bay: Don't worry about me. Just go relax.

Aqua: I... I... I can't help myself. (she sniffled)

I patted her head. “Everything will be fine.”

She snuggled in closer to me. This was weird for Aqua because she liked to be alone for the most part. She was just really concerned about me. I laid down and cuddled with Pichanu. Aqua came over and cuddled me from the back. I was pretty surprised by this, but I left her alone. I could feel her little paws shaking on my back, but I thought that she would eventually just calm down on her own.

So we did our usual things for a while. Aqua still nervously cuddled me. Eventually, I felt bad for her and rolled over to hug her back. She started to calm down a bit then. Nothing happened for a while, but then something else came up.

Bubbles: Bay, I have to pee. Will you let me out?

Bay: Yeah, I'll... Umm... I think that we have a problem...

Bubbles: What?

Bay: Well, now that I'm your size, there's no way for me to reach the doorknob to open it!

Bubbles: Uh oh...

I sighed “I never should've felt bad for the door and fixed it...”

I had pet doors on my front and back doors, but not on my bedroom door.

Pichanu: Yeah. I remember the problem that that door gave us before... Do you think that it would work if someone climbed up on my back to reach the doorknob?

Bay: Probably not... We could probably reach it but I don't think that we'll be strong enough to open it though... and the bedroom window would have the same problem...

Bubbles: Well, great... What are we gonna do then?

Bay: I don't know. Give me some time to think about it.

Puffly: This sounds really bad.

Bay: Just hold yourselves together for a little bit. I'll try to think of something.

As time went on, I could feel myself having to pee and everyone else began to look the same way. Trapped in this little room, there wasn't a lot to work with, so I was at a standstill. Nothing was coming to me.

Bubbles: Have you thought of anything yet, Bay?

I sighed. “It doesn't look good...”

Puffly moaned. “What do we do then?'

Bay: I don't know. Things may come down to their worst...

Aqua: I hope not. I don't want to have to pee inside.

Pichanu: Me neither; but, unfortunately, it happens sometimes anyway...

Bay: Yeah. If it comes down to that, I won't be mad at anyone. This is actually my fault for not considering the consequences of shutting the door.

Pichanu: That's not your fault! Even I didn't believe that you would actually be cursed.

Bay:... If you say so.

She hugged me. “Don't be hard on yourself. There's no way that you could've seen this coming.”

I sighed. “But I don't know what to do about this...”

Pichanu: It will all get worked out in the end.

Bay: Yeah. Maybe not in the best way, but our bladders will get relieved one way or another. I'm completely at a loss of what to do. I think that I'll just leave a corner open to pee in.

Pichanu: Aren't you at least going to try to get the door open.

I looked away. “No. I don't want to.”

Pichanu: Don't be so stubborn!

Bubbles: I'll try it.

Pichanu: Okay. Let's do this.

Pichanu stood under the door and Bubbles climbed up on her. I watched doubtfully with Puffly at my right and Aqua at my left.

Aqua: Why would you give up so easily.

Bay: I don't really care if we have to pee on the carpet. It's not a big deal; mostly, I'm just really lazy though.

Aqua: Really? You don't care at all?

I hugged Aqua. “You guys are more important to me than anything else I own. You being happy is the most important thing to me. I'm fine if the carpet is stained as long as you're happy.”

She sniffled “Aww... That's so sweet of you; but I have to pee and poop and I still don't want to go inside...”

I petted her head. “It'll be okay. The rest of us will be going as well.”

Bubbles: Dang it! I can't get a grip on this thing! How do you humans open these things so effortlessly?

Bay: We have long fingers. That's pretty much it. Well, since we're not getting out of here anytime soon I guess that we're going to go over there.” (I pointed to a corner)

Pichanu: Yeah; fine. It looks like we're not going to be getting out of here...

Puffly: Who should go first?

Bay: I think that you and Aqua should go first since you have no legs. The rest of us can stand farther away when there's already a puddle there.

Pichanu: That sounds reasonable, but I have to poop too! Where should I go?

Bay: Umm... kind of close to the wall but out of the corner so that I can get to it when it comes to cleaning it up then.

Pichanu: Am I fine where I am now?

Bay: Ehh, sure. You're good. Go ahead and go now.

Pichanu: Okay.

I watched her bend over and then turned my attention to the rest of us.

Bay: Okay, now, Puffly or Aqua. Which one of you is peeing first?

Aqua: I don't want to be the first one to go.

Puffly: So, me then?

Bay: Looks like it. Go ahead.

Puffly: Okay.

She hopped over to the corner. She sighed first and then started peeing. Aqua and I were still hugging, but we looked around at Puffly peeing and Pichanu pooping.

Bubbles: Well, this kind of sucks...

Bay: It does, but we have no choice at this point.

Aqua: I-I'm scared to do this... (She was shaking a little)

Bay: It's okay. We all have to and you'll feel better after you go. Trust me.

She didn't say anything she just held onto me.

Bubbles: So, who after them?

Bay: You should go first. You were the one who had to go originally.

Bubbles: Yeah. I really have to go.

Bay: Soon, you'll get to.

Puffly: All right. I'm done.

Puffly startled me. I didn't notice that she had already come back to the rest of us. Anyway, it was time for the next one of us to go.

Bay: All right. It's your turn to pee, Aqua.

She shook and whispered to me: “I'm scared.”

“Just go do it.” I whispered back.

With a bit of reluctance, she walked over to the corner where Puffly had peed. After lining herself up, I could hear her groaning, but she still didn't pee. Pichanu, Bubbles, and I gave each other odd glances. Puffly had already gone back to lie in bed. After a little bit, Aqua gave up and ran back to me.

Aqua: I just can't do it!

She was really tense.

Bay: All right, Bubbles. Go ahead and go now. I want some time to comfort Aqua.

He nodded and went to the corner. After lifting his leg, he had no problems letting his bladder go. I petted Aqua to calm her.

Bay: Come on. It's not going to be that bad. It'll just be a minute or two and then you'll be all better.

She moaned.

Pichanu: Yeah. Seriously, Aqua. We're all going. Don't strain yourself.

She whispered to me: “Will...will... will you pet me while I go.

Bay: Yeah. If that'll help you relax than I'll do it.

She whispered to me again. “Please... I don't want to feel alone.”

Bay: Okay. I'll do that for you. Bubbles is done already so lets go.

With a little bit of pacing, she went back over to the corner with me. After pushing her tail out of the way, I petted her behind her ears.

Bay: Come on. You can do this.

She took a moment to relax to my petting. After that, she took a deep breath and then contracted. She peed just a little bit. I jumped up and leaned on her body so that I could reach her forehead to pet it.

Bay: Hold nothing back, Aqua. Just let yourself be relieved.

She took another moment to relax and then took a deep breath again and then pushed again. She began to pee in a stream. “There. That's it.” I said as I petted her. She was peeing now and there was no stopping her. As her bladder started to empty, she began to feel better and relax more. The more that she relaxed, the stronger that her stream got. I heard her sigh. I knew that she was feeling much better already. After a little bit her bladder was nearly empty and the stream began to die down. The last few drops dripped out and she was done. I got off of her and she got out of the corner then too. With three of us done, Pichanu and I were the only ones left that had to pee.

Pichanu: All right. Now that Aqua is all good, which one of us pees next?

Aqua: I still have to poop too...

Bay: All right. You pee first, Pichanu. I want to stay with Aqua.

Pichanu: Okay.

Aqua: Where do I poop?

Bay: Just go where Pichanu went.

Aqua: Will you pet me again?

Bay: Yeah. I'll help you relax again.

She smiled. As Aqua got lined up with Pichanu's poop, I looked up on the bed and saw Puffly and Bubbles looking and smiling. They had probably seen what had happened and thought that it was cute. Anyway, Pichanu was already letting a stream loose against the wall and Aqua was ready to go. This time, I got in front of her to pet her. Again, I went for the forehead. As she relaxed, she started to push. She farted. I laughed and then she gave a little laugh as well. Shortly after, the poop started to come out of her and she remained rather calm while she pooped.

Aqua: Thanks for helping me relax, Bay.

Bay: That's what I'm here for. If you're ever feeling down or stressed, just come see me. I'll help you feel better.

She was starting to cry again, but this time out of happiness. “T-thanks, Bay. You're the best!”

Pichanu: We do have a good owner, don't we? (she startled both of us) He may be a mudkip now, but he's still the Bay that we all love.

Bubbles: Yeah. Bay respects us for all of our little quirks.

Puffly: There's no one else that I'd rather be with.

Bay: Thanks... everyone.

Aqua: I... I never realized how good you were until now...

Bay: Sometimes it takes a catastrophe, but the fact that we get there is the most important thing.

She closed her eyes and snuggled up under me. I gave her a big hug in return. She was still pooping, but we just cuddled. We stayed like this for the entire time that she pooped and even after she was done. I still had to pee, but I just stood cuddling Aqua. It felt too good to let go. After a little bit, she remembered.

Aqua: Wait. You still have to pee, don't you.

Bay: Yeah. I'm just really comfortable cuddling you right now.

Aqua: You should go pee though.

Bay: Yeah, I should. (I said as I let go)

I walked to the corner. There was already a huge puddle there which probably seemed even bigger because of my size. (Well, let's give this a try) I thought to myself. I lifted my leg and then let my bladder start to empty. Aqua came over and petted me on the side. I gave her a big smile and she smiled back at me.

Bay: I'd say that the two of us are going to be really good friends from now on.

Aqua: Yeah. All that I want to do now is just relax and cuddle with you.

Bay: Me too, and we can right after I'm done peeing.

She sighed. “I still can't believe that I peed AND pooped on the carpet...”

Bay: It was for the best. Now that my bladder is almost empty, we're all good and can just go relax and snack on goldfish.

Aqua: Yeah. Let's do it.

After a moment, I was empty and I headed back to bed with Aqua. We jumped up on it and settled down next to each other. We laid cuddling each other and eating goldfish. Despite all that had just happened, I was happy. In fact, I was actually glad that this had all happened. I was closer to Aqua than I had ever felt before. She felt like a true friend now.

Bay: Well, Aqua. What do you think now that we're both blue water types with white bellies.

Aqua: I think that's cool, but I don't care much to be honest. Whether you're a mudkip or a human, I just want to snuggle with you now.

“Aww. You're a big sweetie inside after all.” I said as I hugged her tighter.

Aqua: You are too! I was blind to just how nice that you were until now.

I giggled. “Like I said earlier, sometimes it takes a catastrophe.”

Aqua: Now I'm glad just to be relaxing and cuddling you.

Bay: Who wouldn't want to just sit back and do those things?

Aqua: Definitely not me! (we giggled)

Bay: Well, I learned something about you today too. I never knew that you were so timid and worrisome.

Aqua: Umm... Well... there's a reason for that...

Bay: Really? What happened?

Aqua: Umm... I guess that I can tell you about it.

Bay: If it's disturbing or embarrassing you don't have to.

Aqua: Nah. I think that I'd rather get it off my chest.

Bay: Okay then; what happened?

Aqua: I... I had a brother. One day, we were out walking in the rain and he got struck by lightning. Although injured, I was mostly okay. He wasn't though. He ended up dying from that and I've been a lot more afraid of things since then. Especially thunder and lightning.

Bay: Oh. That's sad. I understand now. If something's scaring you, just come to me. I'll keep you protected!

Aqua: Thanks. I feel better already.

Bay: Anytime. All of our problems are past us now. Let's just enjoy our time together.

Aqua: Sounds good. I'm more comfortable than I've ever been before right now.

I petted her head and the two of us relaxed for a long time together. A few hours passed. Pichanu had already gone to sleep, but the rest of us were still up.

Puffly: Bay, I have to pee again...

Bay: Hmm... I'm probably not going to turn into a human again any time soon. Just go pee over in the corner again.

Puffly: Okay. There's not really anything else to do, is there?

Bay: Not that I know of. Anyway, I'm gonna follow you down because I have pee too.

Aqua: Why didn't you go earlier then?

I smiled at her. “I was too comfortable with you.” She smiled and hugged me again. “I could tinkle myself actually.” Let's get it done then. Puffly was already in the corner relieving herself again when we got down. Bubbles followed us down too.

Bubbles: Well, since everyone else is going again.

I shrugged and smiled. Puffly soon came out of the corner. “I have to poop too.” she said. “Just go where Pichanu and Aqua did.” I said. She nodded.

Aqua: Do you want to go first?

Bay: No. You go first.

Aqua: Okay.

She walked over to the puddle as close as she could go without stepping in it. I followed closely. Despite that she had no trouble peeing this time, I still petted her while she went. She did the same for me as I went. With both of us relieved again, Bubbles went to the corner and we went back to bed.

We stayed up for many hours. We both outlasted Puffly and Bubbles. By the time that I mentioned going to sleep, the sun was already starting to rise. She agreed that it was time to rest. I remembered that I was still a mudkip though. I looked outside and saw that the moon was in the sky. “That's not good.” I thought. “Oh well. I guess that I had better write a message for everyone when they wake up.”

I had a desk in the room that I used to organize stuff. Looking under it, I found a pencil and a small stack of sticky notes that had fallen down. I picked them up and very sloppily wrote this message: The moon is still out and I'm still a mudkip. Everyone is to just keep peeing in the corner until I turn back into a human. Poop is also to go to its special reserved place. Don't worry about holding it at all. Just let it go if you feel it.

I placed it on the TV for everyone to find. Aqua and I spent one last time relieving ourselves in the corner and then we snuggled up in bed under the blanket to rest. To me, all of the mess was worth it to now be so close to Aqua. I knew that she wouldn't want to sit alone any more. She was now just as cuddly and lovable as the rest of us.

___________________

That's all that I have for now. I don't know if I will write any new ones or not.

*019*2017-10-20 01:02

I got a good enough idea to make one more short story.

I think that this is the first one that I've made in over a year.

Just in case you can't tell, Puffly is the character in the story.

___________________

When the Wind Blows

So I recently had another experience with this omorashi thing. I was at home alone. Bay and Pichanu had left to go hang out with Bubbles. I decided to stay home so I could have some time for myself. I liked to sing sometimes but Bay hates it so I can't do it around him.

Anyway, I was there enjoying myself; but, later in the day, a thunderstorm began to come through. It also brought some strong winds with it. On days like this I would usually pee on the porch just so that I wouldn't risk being blown away.

There was a big oak tree that was growing above the house. Acorns would often come down and hit off of the roof. I was used to this but then something unexpected happened. I heard a very loud crack and then a big boom! It was scary! I tried to open the door so that I could see what had happened but I couldn't get the door open for some reason. I looked out the window and saw that a huge branch had fallen on the porch and was blocking the door. I knew that that was going to be trouble...

I did have a backup though so I didn't really worry about it. I was sure that Bay would be strong enough to move the branch. So I went on singing some songs. It took a while but I knew that it would be coming. I felt my bladder start to twinge as it was filling up. Bay and Pichanu hadn't said how long that they planned to be gone so I decided to hold it for a bit just in case.

Some time passed and the discomfort in my bladder increased. I didn't want it to get too bad though so I decided that I would use my emergency plan to relieve myself. It was a shallow glass basin. It was shallow so that it would be easy for me to go into. I opened the drawer that it was in and started to get it out but it slipped out of my paws and shattered on the floor! I was devastated!

I knew I was in trouble now. My only hope now was that Bay and Pichanu got back soon. With my bladder urging me to relieve it I couldn't enjoy myself anymore. It was too hard to ignore it. I laid in bed and moaned. I just wanted to relieve myself but I couldn't. The thought of relief was antagonizing.

Time passed and the pain grew. I couldn't take much more... Suddenly, a very close lightning strike made a huge boom that scared me! The shock from it caused a spurt to shoot out of my bladder and into the blanket. That made me feel even more desperate too. This is when I decided that I couldn't take it anymore. I waddled over to the corner where Bay and Pichanu had peed before. The carpet was still stained from that. I got as close to the corner as I could and spread my feet apart. I took a moment to think about what I was about to do; but then, my bladder gave another twinge reminding me that I must.

I released my focus on my bladder and let the relief begin. The urine started to shoot out of me and make a wet, yellow puddle on the floor. It felt so good to finally be relieving myself though. I looked down at the mess that I was making but I didn't really care anymore. I just wanted to be empty.

I let out all of my pee onto the carpet and sighed. I felt so good. I got into bed and made myself comfortable. I didn't let myself be bothered by the puddle that I made. I was relieved and that was all that mattered to me right now. I knew that Bay and Pichanu would understand. I just relaxed and enjoyed the rest of my time alone.

*021*2018-10-20 10:09

For some time, I've been holding on to these stories. I originally hadn't released them because they're not as good as my other ones but me decided to release them today. For anyone who's actually a fan of me, I probably won't be making any new stories (lack of motivation and good ideas); but, you can have these as consulation.

Stories of Pee

#1 Tinkle in the Closet

Characters:

♂ Me (Bay); a kirby hybrid ♀ Pichanu; a pichu

I was stuck at home with Pichanu. We were both pretty young, but we knew that we shouldn't pee in the house. We had recently been adopted by a human named Katie. She had been good to us, but we were in trouble now. She had been gone for a long time and didn't seem like she would come back for a while either. We had to pee really badly and we were getting desperate.

“What are we going to do, Bay?” she asked me. “I can't hold it in much longer!”

“Me neither, Pichanu! I don't know what we're going to do!”

“...I think that I kinda have to poop too!”

“Ohh... looks like we're in trouble! We have to think of something that we can do in case Katie doesn't come back in time...”

“But what can we do?”

“...The only thing that I can think of is hiding it...”

“But... where?”

“...Let's take a look...”

We went looking around the house for a hidden spot where we could possibly pee and not get caught. We stumbled and walked slowly with our feet pushed toward our bladders to keep them from leaking. We searched around the house thoroughly. I picked out what seemed like the best spot.

“Pichanu, I think that our best bet would be to pee in the corner of the closet.”

“Do you think that she will notice it?”

“I don't know... but I don't see an alternative...”

“True. I guess that we'll have to do it. I'll literally burst if I have to hold it in for a few more minutes!”

“I don't really want to do this either, but I feel the same way... let's go...”

We walked over into the darkest corner of the closet and began peeing. We really had a lot of pee to get out. We both got our feet wet in our own pee because of how much we went. I got done peeing and was wiping the pee off of my feet. Pichanu still had to poop. I talked to her while she was pooping.

“We tried our best to hold it in, but we just couldn't do it... I guess it isn't really our fault.”

“Isn't it?”

“I don't think so. We didn't want to do this, but we kind of had to. I wouldn't blame us for this.”

“Yeah. You're right. If we didn't have to, we wouldn't have.”

“If Katie finds out, let's just do our best to explain. She's kind. I think that she'll understand.”

She smiled and nodded. “Okay. I'm done pooping now. Let's get out of here.”

“Let's go cuddle on the couch for a little bit.”

“Ooh! I could go for a good cuddle right now!” she looked excited.

“Yeah! Me too! Let's go cuddle! It'll get our minds off of our little spill.”

“Let's go!”

We cuddled all of our worries away and let happiness refill our lives. We ended up falling asleep in eachother's arms and slept peacefully. With our little problem behind us for now, we were at peace.

#4 Puffly's Accident

Characters:

♂ Me (Bay); a mudkip ♀ Puffly; an igglybuff

Puffly and I were happily living together. Without any parents to take care of her, I took Puffly in and cared for her myself. Things were good for the most part, but Puffly was locked into a predicament once. There was a fierce storm going on. The wind was blowing pretty hard as well, but that didn't bother me. I could still go outside to relieve myself, but it wasn't the same case for Puffly. She barely weighed anything at all. She would blow away if she went out there! She told me that she had to pee, but I wouldn't let her go outside because I was too worried about her.

“Bay, I really really have to pee!”

“I know, Puffly, but it's not safe enough for you to go outside!”

“My bladder is hurting...”

“I feel really bad for you, but your safety is more important.”

“Where am I gonna pee then?”

“... I don't know yet. I was hoping that the storm would die down long enough for you to go outside, but it doesn't look like that's going to happen.”

“You know that I have a small bladder. I can only hold it for so long...”

“I'm aware of your frequent nighttime tinkles. I know that your bladder isn't very strong...”

I whispered to myself: “Hmm... What to do?”

“Puffly, let's sit in bed while I think of something. I'll cuddle you to help you feel better.”

“Okay, but I don't know for how long I can hold it for though...”

“Just do your best and let me think.”

We crawled up in bed together. She sat in my lap with her feet tilted toward her middle and I petted her to calm her down. I could tell that she was desperate because she was shaking from having to pee so badly.

“Bay, I'm scared. I don't think that I can last much longer.”

I squeezed her. “Just do your best.”

I silently thought to myself what to do while I petted her, but I wasn't thinking very well. I was too busy feeling bad for Puffly because I knew that she was suffering. After thinking for a little bit with no luck, I started to hear a little splashing noise.

“Ahh! I just peed a little bit!”

Puffly had burst out a little bit on the blanket that we were sitting on, but quickly stopped it.

“You really can't hold it, can you!? It looks like it's time to make an emergency only option!”

I carried her over to the farthest corner of the house from where we were and sat her back down on her feet.

“All right, Puffly. I won't make you suffer any longer! For this once, I give you permission to pee in the house.”

“But that's a bad thing to do!”

“I know, Puffly, but it's not a big deal. I want you to be happy more than I want nice carpet.”

“But, Bay-”

“Just go, Puffly.”

She looked like she might have been about to say something else; but just then, she had another burst like earlier. With another burst escaping from her bladder, she just let go and let it all come out. She spread her feet apart and began making a puddle beneath herself. As the size of her puddle grew, I could see her relief growing as well. She looked pretty cute relieving herself, especially when she sighed from the relief. I petted her while she went. She let out all of the pee that she had in her and the stream ceased.

“That's all of my pee and I feel all better now.”

“Good. I'm glad to know that you're all good now.”

“But... what about the pee though?”

“Don't worry about it! It's just a little yellow spot in the carpet. You being happy is more important to me!”

“Aww, really, Bay? You're so sweet!”

“Yeah, I knew that something like this would probably happen when I took you in, but I was willing to do it anyway. Since then, you've really bonded with me and now you mean everything to me!”

She ran up to me and hugged me. “You're the best ever, Bay! I love you!”

“I love you too, Puffly! You must be tired after all that. How about we go take a little nap together?”

“Sure. Let's cuddle up and take a nap!”

After rubbing her on the top of her head one last time, we set off for bed again. Just then, I remembered about Puffly's little leak on the blanket. “I'll take that side of the blanket.” I thought to myself. Being a mudkip, I wasn't bothered too much by wet things, so I gave her the dry side of the blanket. It wasn't a lot that she leaked anyway. She cutely relaxed as I held my arms around her and we drifted off into a pleasant nap together.

#4 Staravia Swarm

(another story with Pichanu and Bay)

We both knew it was coming, but being half a year since they went south we both became blissfully ignorant about the staravias returning in the spring during their seasonal migration. They come fierce and ravenous. They would rip you apart if you went outside! Normally, pokemon make extra preparations for this day; but, like I said, we forgot about it.

It was an incredibly warm and beautiful spring this year. The weather sparked a huge blooming of flowers. It was the most that either of us had ever seen at one time. We lost ourselves playing out in the fields of flowers. Eventually, the night before came though.

We treated the night like any other. When it was dark we laid down in bed talking and cuddling; you know, what we normally do. We settled down for the night tightly cuddled with each other. We had stayed up pretty late so we slept soundly.

As the late morning came I started to hear an awful babbling. At first, I actually mistook it for something that was going on in my dream but I soon came to realize it wasn't. I groaned as I delicately removed my legs from around Pichanu as not to wake her up and rolled on my back. This was uncomfortable for my head fin though so I soon sat up.

I groaned again as I stretched. I was annoyed by the sound so I got up and opened the door to see what it was and to maybe stop it. As soon as I peered out, I saw them. Tons of gray staravia bodies flying around and pecking everything. Their cries were unbearably loud. It didn't take long for some to spot me and come right after me. I slammed the door shut as fast as I could but that still didn't stop them from pecking on the door to try to get me. I shuttered at my close call.

As soon as I looked around I saw Pichanu wide awake standing in bed.. I had accidentally woken her up when I slammed the door shut.

“What's going on!?” she asked.

“Oh, it's terrible. THEY'RE here...”

“Who's here!? (she listened for a second) Wait that's... Oh no! The staravias are here I remember the staravias! THEY'RE THE WORST!!”

“Sheesh! Calm down, Pichanu. You sound like you're having a panic attack.”

“MAYBE I AM!!!”

I sighed. “Oh come on, Pichanu. We'll live. We've been through this before.”

She tensed up and let out a long moan gradually relaxing as she did. She sighed then. “Okay. You're right. I was just... too worked up...”

“I understand. Come over here and give me a hug. That will make it all better.”

She looked at me for a few seconds and then did what I requested. As we got cuddled up I used one of my paws to pet her back.

“It's gonna be a rough day but we'll be all right.” I said.

She squeezed me tighter. “I can't believe that it's time for this again...”

“Let's just relax and make the best out of the day.”

“Yeah. Not much else we can do. There's a problem though... I have to pee!”

“Oh no. Now that you mention it I gotta go as well!”

“This is really bad! What are we gonna do!?”

“Calm down. Let's have some breakfast and think about it.”

“... Okay. It's not bad yet... And that will give us time to think of something to do.”

“Yeah. It's actually pretty surprising that we forgot to get the pee jars but I'm sure we'll figure out something.”

“Yeah. Really. This happens twice a year. How could we forget?”

“Well, we're dumb sometimes. That's probably the best way to describe it. Our imperfection keeps things interesting though.”

“A strained bladder is a bit too interesting for me though...”

“Okay. Let's just put something in our bellies now though. We don't want multiple problematic needs on our hands.”

“True. I'm getting hungry too. Let's eat and then we'll get right to dealing with our bladders.”

I nodded. We finally released our grip on each other and stood up. We went under the house to the cold zone where we stored food. Pichanu used her electricity to light up the room. I decided that I wanted blackberries and Pichanu grabbed some assorted nuts.

We went back up into the living room with our meals and sat in bed to eat. The nuts that she ate cracked loudly. I ate my blackberries but soon bit into a really sour one. It made me kind of tense up a little bit but I was surprised that it made my need to pee feel worse. I wondered why but it was still bearable so I ignored it the best I could and kept eating.

“I'm getting thirsty. A little water please.”

I moved over to her and shot some water in her mouth to drink. I thought “why not” and drank a bit of my own water myself. After we each had one more gulp we were satisfied.

“Ahh. Thanks but now I feel more worried about my bladder.”

“It won't make that much of a difference. We should just drink if we're thirsty.”

“Uhh, okay. If you say so.“

I nodded and put my hand on her belly to rub it a little. I wanted to comfort her but I made her grunt and squeeze her legs together.

“Oh sorry.” I said.

“Ugh. I really have to pee...”

“Me too. This is getting a little out of paw. We should start thinking of something before it gets really bad.”

“Yeah. I've lost my appetite anyway.”

“Sorry.”

“It's okay. I know that you wouldn't make me uncomfortable on purpose.”

“That's sweet of you. Let's get to finding a way to relieve ourselves.”

“Okay!... Do you have any ideas?”

“Nope.”

“Ugh. This is gonna be hard. We don't have much to work with. I remember that we've even had to pee in the house before.”

I looked over to the stains in the corner. “Yeah. That was during the winter though. Maybe something else will open up since it's spring now.”

“I doubt it... It's basically the same position where we can't go outside.”

I sighed. “True... Let's just do our best.”

“Uhh... Oh maybe we can go out of a window!”

“That's... not a good idea. If we open a window those birds will be all over us.”

“Ugh... true. Darn it. I got excited about maybe emptying my bladder and now I feel like I have to go even more...”

I sighed as I laid my head up against her. “It's almost as if the world wants us to have to stain things with our pee...”

“Ugh. We really should keep bottles around just in case we need to use them like we do now.”

“Well we know for next time at least.”

“This stinks. If we keep having to pee on the carpet it's gonna smell bad in here.”

“I think that we could get used to it but guests would be really bothered by it.”

“I don't want our house to be unattractive though.”

“Yeah. Maybe the best we can do is just hold it and hope the staravias clear out soon.”

“... I don't think there's anything else to do to be honest...”

“Let's lie down and cuddle. Maybe it'll help us relax and get our minds off of our bladders.”

“Okay. A good cuddle always makes me feel better.”

“Me to.”

I sat our unfinished food on the floor before lying down and squeezing my legs around her. Her warm furriness instantly comforted me somewhat. I just contently cuddled her for a bit until she spoke.

“I really hope they go away soon because I would really hate to have to pee on the floor again.”

“Just try to forget about it for now. I'll help you.” I started rubbing her cheek.

She sighed. “Thanks. I love you so much. No matter what situation we're in you always do your best to comfort me.”

I smiled. “I'll always be there for you!” I even gave a little tail wag.

She took her paw and started rubbing me around my gills. “It's always better to be together.”

“You said it!” I was wagging so much now that my tail made a noise when it hit the bed.

I started thinking about just how close I was to Pichanu then. Here we were laying in bed cuddled up tightly petting each other as we held our increasing bladders. It started to bring up some deep emotion for her.

“You're the best friend that I could ever hope to have. We spend so much time cuddling and playing with each other. I never want to leave your side!”

She got a bright smile. “Aww, Bay, you're always so mushy and lovable... And I feel exactly the same about you!”

“If I was left to suffer in a dungeon I probably wouldn't feel that bad as long as I have you to comfort me.”

I started to hear a little bit of a purr coming from her. “I would rather spend my days in misery than lose you!”

I moaned from happiness. “Aww, look at us! You'd think that we'd be suffering now from our bladders but here we are happy and comfortable! And it's all because we have each other!”

We both started squeezing each other as tight as we possibly could. “I love you more than anything else in the world!”

“I love you too, sweetie!”

She was purring loudly now. Although we were still engrossed in our affection we said nothing more. The way that we cuddled and touched each other was enough to just relax and lose ourselves in love.

We kept this up for a good while but things were slowing down. Our bladders were straining to the point that it was getting very uncomfortable and we just couldn't maintain our good mood. Pichanu's purrs faded into a light grunting that got louder over time. I was the same as I started squeezing my legs around my crotch harder than around her. The discomfort soon turned into a pain in our lower guts. When we started to shake from desperation is when we decided that we had to get up.

We both sat up and instantly squeezed our crotches. We had to go badly. Pichanu gave me a worried look.

“This isn't good... I can still hear the staravia outside and I don't think that I can hold it for much longer.”

“Ugh... same.”

Just then Pichanu squeezed extra hard.

“Oh no! I just leaked on the bed!”

“We had better hop down then before any more gets out then!”

“I'm scared to.”

“It's better than wetting the bed though.”

“Y-yeah. We sleep there... I'll try.”

I jumped off first. The bump from hitting the floor made a big spurt escape from me. I managed to hold back my bladder from letting anything else out though. Seeing my spill made Pichanu even more worried about jumping down but she still did. Making the lightest drop possible, she made it down and started trembling when she hit the floor. With a huge effort she managed not to leak any more but we knew it wouldn't last for long.

Out of bed, she started a frantic effort to find something to relieve herself into in one of the houses' many drawers but it was of to no avail. Where we were, there was just no avoiding what was going to happen. She moaned loudly knowing it but still not wanting to do it.

“Well... we. we did our best but now it has come down to what we have to do. There's no avoiding it.”

She whined as she squeezed her crotch tightly. “Why does this have to happen to us!?”

“C'mon. We can pee in the corner again. No one else can stop us.”

“But I don't wanna!”

“It's either that or you end up staining something else. Besides, the carpet in the corner is already stained so it'll be less noticeable.”

She whined loudly. “I hate to admit it... but that's true.”

“Let's just do it quick. The sooner it's done the sooner that we'll feel better.”

“You'll... you'll pee with me, right?”

“Of course. Why wouldn't I? We've gone together hundreds of times. In fact, I'd rather pee with you than not at this point.”

I saw a tiny bit of a smile try to work its way onto her face. Th-th-thanks.”

“Okay. Let's get ourselves ready.”

We both walked to the corner where we had once peed before. I had to go so badly that it was hard for me to walk without spilling pee out. I imagined that Pichanu felt the same way. Getting to the corner, I had a strange idea.

“Hey. I've never tried to pee standing on my hind legs before. I think I'm gonna try that.”

I propped myself up on the wall. I didn't hesitate to let a little stream out as I did but I held the rest back for Pichanu. She came and stood up beside me.

“Here. Use my shoulder as a prop so that your belly isn't so close to the wall.”

As I put my paw on her I used it to pull her head just a tad closer to mine.

“Thanks. Okay. Now all you have to do is just relax and let it go.”

“You-you first.”

“Okay. Just relax and follow my lead.”

I started at just a tiny bit. A weak stream of pee was coming out of me. Pichanu followed up with a tiny stream of her own. With her starting to go I let my stream start to get stronger. She did the same. Already starting to feel the relief of letting our bladders empty, we were both peeing at full force in no time. The force of our streams made some pee bounce off of the wall and get our feet wet but we weren't stopping for anything at this point.

“I... I feel so good and I don't feel like I should.”

“Let the feeling go all through you. Don't be ashamed. Just be glad that your bladder is getting the relief that it needs.”

She sighed. “So much better...”

“Feels good...”

We kept letting a stream loose for a couple of minutes before our bladders were completely empty. Our pee out of us, we backed away from the corner.

“I feel just like before...” she said. “Even though I feel bad about peeing inside I feel too relieved to even really care anymore.”

I giggled. “Well, we're empty now so let's not worry about it anymore. Let's just go back to bed and cuddle until the staravias pass.”

“Okay, but we're wet.”

“We can just wipe it off on the blanket that you peed on and use the other.”

“I don't... well... I guess it doesn't matter. It's wet already so why not?”

“You ready to get back to cuddling?”

“Yup. Let's wipe ourselves off and do just that.”

I walked over to the bed and pulled off the blanket with the little, yellow spot on it. I had a bit of trouble trying to dry myself with it since I don't really have fingers. Pichanu came to help me. I thanked her and helped her dry off. She also thanked me.

Right before getting into bed we both drank a lot of water because we hadn't drank in a while. With our thirst satisfied we crawled under the remaining blanket and cuddled up. We were at peace again.

“I love you.” I said rubbing her behind her ears.

“I love you too.” she said hugging me tighter.

*023*2018-12-22 07:00

A new story from me? What is this madness?

Overconfidence

Characters:

♀ Me (Aqua); marill ♀Pichanu; a pikachu ♂Bay; a mudkip

Oh joy! This was a very special day for me. I had recently joined the team Shy and this was my first day going out on an adventure. It had always been a dream of mine to go out and explore the world and find treasure; and, today, I would finally be able to!

Joining me in this trip was Bay, the leader, and his trusted partner Pichanu. I met them up and a place that they call the Small Sand Dune. Of course, I showed up early because I wanted to go as soon as possible. After some sitting around and not doing much, Bay and Pichanu eventually showed up.

Me: Hi, Bay! Hi, Pichanu!

Pichanu: Hello.

Bay: Hey there. So your name is Aqua, right?

Me: Yes! That's me!

Bay: Great. You sound excited.

Me: Oh yes! I've been looking forward to this for so long!

Bay: I like your enthusiasm. It says to me that you'll truly put forth your best effort.

Pichanu: It's actually quite a privilege to adventure with us. Bay is pretty picky about who he chooses for the team. He must see something special in you.

Me: Really?

Bay: Yes. It's true. I could tell when we met that you would make a valuable member; plus, you're cute enough to make the team.

Me: Cute enough?

Bay: I want to put together a team of cute pokemon to prove to the world that, while we may be small, our strong spirits will drive us to success. It's going pretty well to. The team has become quite well recognized.

Me: That's so cool. How come you wanted me though? I'm not very strong.

Bay: It was more about your personality as to why I think that you'll be a valuable member. While you may not be strong, I can tell that you'll work hard to get stronger. Also, in advance, I brought some stuff along to help you.

Me: What is it?

Bay took his bag and pulled out what looked kind of like potions.

Bay: If a pokemon drinks these, it will become stronger.

Me: Really? How does that work?

Bay: No idea to be honest. I've had them myself though and they definitely do help. Do you want to try them?

Me: Of course! If they'll help me do better than I want them!

Bay: Okay. Have at it then.

The amount of these drinks that Bay brought along was crazy. He kept pulling them out one after the other. Wanting to leave a good impression on Bay, though, I drank them one by one. There were so many... Drinking so much made my belly hurt a bit but I took down every last one of them.

Pichanu: Wow. How in the world did you drink all of that at once?

Bay: I'm sure that being a water type helped with that. I kind of feel bad for her though. She's probably gonna have to pee really soon.

Me: Oh I'll be fine.

Bay: Well, okay then. It's about time that we got going. There's a pokemon here that needs our help.

Me: That's what we're doing today?

Bay: Yeah. I thought that it would be a good training mission for you.

Me: Well, I'm ready!

Pichanu: Let's get going then.

And so, we began our journey. I knew that I would have to pee soon after drinking all of that stuff but the mission was only on floor 4 so I was sure that I could make it until after then. Even as we were walking around on the first floor, I could feel myself getting the need to go due to the large amount of liquid that I consumed.

I stayed in the middle while Pichanu and Bay did most of the fighting but I helped out when I could. Despite my growing need, I was having fun. It was taking longer than I had expected to make it through the dungeon though. I knew that I should've relieved myself but I wanted to prove myself and I didn't like others seeing me go. I did my best not to look suspicious; but, by floor 3, Bay noticed that I looked uncomfortable.

Bay: Aqua, you shouldn't try to hold it. If you have to go then you should just go.

Me: I'm doing fine! I don't have to go!

Bay: ... I kind of doubt that, but whatever. I'll take your word for it.

I knew that he didn't believe me but he left me alone and our mission would be over on the next floor so I decided that I would be fine. It wasn't taking us too long but the discomfort in my bladder was growing faster than I ever though that it could. Soon enough, though, we made it to our destination.

The client was a kakuna that had gotten lost in the dungeon. I was already getting excited that I would be able to safely relieve myself soon. I watched as Bay used this strange looking device that suddenly transported the kakuna out of the dungeon. I assumed that that was that but then something else came up.

Bay: Huh? It seems that there's another pokemon farther in that needs help.

Pichanu: We can't just leave it here. We have to help.

Bay: Yeah. I don't like the idea of not helping when we could. We have to go.

Bay turned around and looked at me again.

Bay: Come on, Aqua. I know you have to go. No pokemon could drink that much and not have to.

I groaned.

Me: Okay. I'll admit that I have to go but I'll be fine. Trust me!

Bay: I don't want you to be uncomfortable though.

Me: I'm fine!

Bay sighed.

Bay: Ok whatever. Let's just go.

Pichanu nodded and we started our way further into the dungeon. Things were going just fine; but then, all of the sudden: It's a monster house! I happened to be in the back at the time though and I couldn't see much. Bay and Pichanu worked hard to fight off the hostile pokemon though.

I felt kind of helpless in the back. I wish that I could have done more. I wondered if I should try to pee somewhere while they were busy but I though, “What if they need me?” So I stayed and waited.

Although I never really got to do anything, we broke through and went on. The setback only gave my bladder more time to fill though. At this point, it was hard just for me to walk without squeezing my feet together but I had come too far to give up now. I could tell that Bay was worrying about me though.

We finally made it to the floor that the needy pokemon was on. At this point, all that I could think about is getting done quick and then peeing.

Luck just wasn't in my favor though. I was walking in the back again; and, as we were walking along, I was suddenly tackled from behind. I screamed as I fell do the ground. Not so much because it hurt but because the force had finally broken my hold on my pee.

Urine started hissing out of me as I laid there. Although I wanted to, I just couldn't stop peeing. It made a puddle on the ground and soaked me all over my belly. The pokemon that attacked me ran away from the sight. Bay and Pichanu were watching me wet myself now but I realized that there was no point trying to hold it anymore. I let my bladder release everything that was in it. I was super embarrassed though. I had tears in my eyes.

Me: I... I'm sorry, Bay...

He smiled and started petting me on my forehead.

Bay: Don't be upset about it. Just relax and enjoy the fact that your bladder is empty now.

Me: R-really?

Bay: Like I said, I'm sure that any pokemon would have problems holding their pee after drinking so much. Why wouldn't you just pee when you had to go though?

Me: I didn't want anyone to see me go and I didn't want to slow you down either.

Bay: Aww. It would've been fine. Everyone needs to tinkle sometimes.

Me: I though I could make it though. I'm so embarrassed...

Bay: Don't be upset. Come on. Get up and I'll clean you off.

I smiled and he patted my head. He spit water all over my belly and washed away the pee that was soaking my fur.

Me: Thank you, Bay. You really do care about me.

He hugged me.

Bay: We all make our share of mistakes. I feel better myself now that I know that you're feeling better. I don't want my friends to be uncomfortable.

Me: Thank you for being so understanding.

Bay: Take all the time that you need. I'm sure that you need a good snuggle after all that.

We sat there together for a while and Bay petted and cuddled me. I was so happy to have found such a good friend like Bay. He truly just wanted what was best for me. I cried a little big again but this time out of happiness.

Eventually, I felt good enough and slowly released my grip on Bay. I saw Pichanu as I looked around. To be honest, I forgot that she was even here. I guess that explains why nobody was trying to attack us while we cuddled though.

As we finished our mission, I walked right up alongside Bay and helped him fight any enemies that got in our way. We were soon done though. Bay then invited me to come play with him for a while which I happily agreed to. We played all day although I had to stop pretty often to pee again. At this point, though, I didn't care if Bay saw me while I went. In fact, I felt kind of comforted because it reminded me of earlier. Exhausted at the end of the day, we cuddled up and slept together. I had never slept with another pokemon before but I was comfortable and slept really well. Even though we had only been together for a day, Bay felt like my best friend already.
