Camping (Part 1)

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2023-08-17 09:18

POV: Olivia

Other characters: Evelyn (E), Ashley (A)

I woke up to my girlfriend shaking me.

E: "Babe, wake up!"

O: "huh?"

E: "We're going camping, remember?"

O: "Oh, yeah right."

E: "My friends gonna be here in a few minutes, so go get dressed."

I grabbed a t-shirt and jeans out and quickly put them on. I was about to go to the bathroom, then I heard someone pull up outside the house.

E: "Olivia! Time to go!"

O: "Coming!" I said, forgetting I needed to pee.

We walked outside, and got into the car.

E: "Liv, this is my friend Ashley."

A: "Hey guys, nice to meet you!"

O: "Hey." I responded.

A: "You all ready to go?"

E: "Yep, all good."

We had been driving for about ten minutes, when I started to need to pee again. "Shit..." I thought, remembering I had forgotten to go before we left. I figured I'd be okay, cause I didn't have to go that badly. Probably at like a 3 or 4 out of 10.

It was a hot day, and against my better judgement, I decided to drink like half of my water bottle.

Around 20 more minutes passed, and my need to pee was at about a 7 now. I was discreetly shifting from side to side, occasionally crossing and uncrossing my legs.

20 more minutes. Desperation levels were at around an 8 or 9 now. I couldn't resist holding myself with my hands.

E: "You okay Liv?"

O: Y-yeah! I'm fine.

I know it was stupid, but I'm kind of weird about saying I need to pee around people I don't know. I figured I would just hold on a bit longer. Plus, even if I told them, we were now in the middle of the woods, and unless I was gonna pee in a bush or something, I was out of options.

At some point we ran over a big stick, and the car jolted. I gasped quietly as a bit pee leaked out of my slightly hard girldick. I gripped myself even tighter, and managed to stop the stream. There was now a small dark spot on the crotch of my jeans.

Evelyn looked back and mouthed: "do you need to piss?"

I nodded, a little embarrassed.

A: "Something wrong?"

O: Nope! Everything's good.

A: "Alright then."

The heat combined with my embarrassment was making me feel like I was in an oven.

E: "How long 'til we're there?"

A: "About half an hour."

My heart dropped. I felt another warm spurt of pee force itself out of my urethra, soaking my panties and jeans even more. I bit lip, trying not to squeal.

I was no holding myself with both hands, bouncing my legs and squirming aggressively. Luckily I was sitting in the back, so no-one could see my desperate display.

With out thinking, I started to rub my crotch, which somehow actually started to help. I kept rubbing, slightly faster and faster.

I was still desperate, but it wasn't as bad as before.

After a few minutes, I started to climax, which was was 10 times more intense now that I was bursting to piss. I finally came, breathing hard, but still trying not to be too loud.

This turned out to be a big mistake though, because as soon as I finished, the urgency came back even stronger.

I doubled over, double crossing my legs as tight as I could. I couldn't help but let out an audible moaning sound.

Luckily, I don't think Ashley noticed, but Evelyn turned around. "you alright" she mouthed.

I couldn't lie. This was not looking good. I shook my head.

E: How much longer now?

A: "Hmm... 15 minutes."

There was no way I could take 15 more minutes of this. Another leak escaped. And then another, and before I knew it, I was full on wetting myself. I squeezed my legs together, desperately trying to stop the flow. It was no use.

Fuck! I said under my breath. This time both Ashley and Evelyn turned back.

E: "Oh my god, Liv- Are you okay???"

My face was beet red. I couldn't get any words out. I just started to cry.

A: "Hey, it's alright, I'm not mad or anything, my dog does that all the time."

I stared down at the floor, my shoes, and my jeans that were now soaked in my piss.

O: "I- I'm sorry..."

A: "Don't worry about it. I can clean it later."

E: "You gonna be okay until we get there, Liv?"

O: "Um... yeah..."

A: Not too long now, I'll try to speed it up a little.

O: Thanks."

A: "All good."

We kept driving. I was too humiliated to say anything else.

Eventually Ashley said:

A: "We're here!"

Next Part Will Come Soon. 🙂

