The Contractor's Apprentice

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2019-08-20 04:26

This was a request from KarenGranger, which I tried to get done in exactly one month, but I've now barely missed (in my time zone). Bummer Thanks for reading!

###

“TJ, move that sawhorse over here.”

“Yes, sir.”

TJ Masters easily hoisted the frame – you never drag it – and set it where his dad had indicated. Tony Masters was an extremely diligent builder and craftsman; it was why he was one of the most sought-after contractors in their town. More specifically, by the type of people on the east side of town who could afford to add extra wings to their already-enormous houses.

TJ had been working for his father for as long as he could remember – stirring paint and washing paintbrushes as a child, sorting tools and accessories in elementary school, and now, joining his dad at work sites, a position he’d earned by precision, hard work, and virtually never making mistakes.

Needless to say, TJ and Tony didn’t live in the same neighborhood as the people they worked for. Tony kept his margins low, but he almost always only worked one job at a time, so, despite his wealthy clientele, he wasn’t exactly pulling in seven figures himself.

So one of the most important rules on worksites for TJ was to keep his mouth shut. He was there as a worker; he kept his head down, completed the list of tasks for the day, cleaned up after himself, and left, taking care not leave any boot prints on the property.

TJ didn’t really mind. He liked the work, and he wasn’t much of an extrovert, anyway, so when they did end up working at one of his classmate’s houses, it was neither awkward nor distracting.

Until today.

TJ never knew where they’d be going when they started a new job; he never needed to. He’d just get in the truck with his dad and start work when they got to the house. Today, they pulled onto the grounds of a newer house on the edge of town. Tony parked the car around back and explained that they’d be renovating the pool house. TJ hopped out and started unloading the truck, barely paying attention to the giant house or its inhabitants.

On his third and final trip out to the truck, TJ caught movement out of the corner of his eye, and before he could stop himself, he looked. And nearly dropped the armful of lumber he was carrying.

Strolling out of the back door was Robbie diSantos. Robbie – TJ didn’t even know what his full name was – had just started at TJ’s high school at the beginning of their senior year a couple of weeks ago, and TJ had been instantly smitten.

TJ didn’t exactly have an expansive vocabulary, but even if he did, the first word he would use to describe Robbie was cool. Robbie just made everything look so effortless. The clothes he wore were cooler than anything TJ owned, but not in a pretentious way. His hair fell perfectly, but it didn’t even look like he used any product. He was the kind of person who seemed like he didn’t care about any of the everyday drama of high school, and he was all the more impressive for it.

Robbie was carrying a book and a glass of something. He settled himself into a pool chair and slipped in his earbuds, apparently not even noticing the Masters.

“TJ! Grab that band saw!”

TJ blinked and stumbled into motion, ashamed of his juvenile, doe-eyed daze. He doubled back to pick up the band saw and ducked into the pool house, forcing himself to avoid the windows, so as not to keep peeking out toward the pool chairs.

So now, TJ had spent the past 3 hours measuring, sanding, and cutting lumber. He’d been working long enough that his dad now trusted him with entire projects, rather than giving one instruction at a time. In this case. He was adding a wall the pool house to partition off a small closet, which he would then fill with shelves. It was simple work, but required precision, and TJ knew that Tony expected the closet to be finished by the end of the day.

Focusing on the work helped TJ keep his mind off Robbie for the most part. But every so often, when he turned the saw off or moved newly cut two-by-fours from the table, he’d find himself glancing out the window, semi-consciously hoping to catch a glimpse of his classmate.

As noon approached, Tony signaled to TJ that it was time for a break. TJ finished his current task, took of his noise-cancelling headphones, and grabbed a sandwich and bottle of water from the cooler.

“Grable’s called, and our stone shipment came in earlier than expected,” Tony said without preamble, between bites of sandwich. “I’m gonna head over there and pick out what we need for the walkway and patio.”

“Yes, sir,” TJ replied, already knowing what the next orders would be.

“By the time I get to Grable’s, look over the product, load it, I won’t have time to get back here and do anything -” The quarry was an hour and a half away “- so Roy’s on his way to get me. I’ll take the trailer to Grable’s and leave the truck here with you. You finish the closet, clean up, and meet me back at home.”

“Yes, sir.” TJ nodded. On one hand, he was oddly honored that his dad trusted him enough to leave him alone at a job site on the first day. On the other hand, did his dad have to abandon him at this particular job?

Not that TJ would ever argue with his dad at work. They were there to be efficient and professional, not to engage in family spats. So TJ simply finished his lunch, brushed off his jeans, and went back to work. Tony passed over the keys to the truck before he left, but otherwise, didn’t offer any further instructions.

TJ kept working, keeping his headphones on to protect from the noise of the saw. The work and the blazing sun outside warmed the unfinished pool house. Barely even thinking, TJ grabbed another water bottle from the cooler and downed it in between cuts.

He’d been working for about another hour – the frame of the wall was in place, now he just had to hang the drywall and shelves – when he felt the first signals of fullness from his bladder. It was just enough to make him aware, but not enough to make him worry. The drywall and the shelves wouldn’t take long.

He t grabbed the drywall sheets propped against the wall, then nearly dropped them when he turned back to the table.

“Hey.”

Robbie stood in the doorway, holding a bottle of Powerade. He looked completely unperturbed, as usual, and TJ scrambled to match Robbie’s level of aloofness.

He set down the drywall and pulled down his headphones. “Hey,” he replied, praying his voice wasn’t shaking as much as it felt like it was, “what can I do for you?”

The corner of Robbie’s mouth quirked up. “Besides the literal work that you’re already doing?” he teased. “Nah, man, I just know how hot it is out here, so I thought I’d bring you some electrolytes.”

“Oh!” Instead of gratitude, TJ only felt stupid for not realizing that the drink was meant for him. “Thanks. Thanks, man. That was really nice.”

Robbie grinned, keeping eye contact long enough to make TJ’s stomach flutter as he handed over the chilled bottle. “Just shout if you want more. It’s nasty out today.”

Compelled by both a desire to show gratitude and a genuine need for more hydration, TJ had already unscrewed the cap and was taking a gulp. He swallowed quickly and attempted a smile, knowing full well he’d never take Robbie up on his offer.

TJ downed the entire Powerade before he even knew it. The near-icy drink felt amazing on the hot day, and drinking it so quickly prevented TJ from relishing the fact that Robbie had technically given him a gift. Mostly.

The sugar from the drink provided a nice burst of energy while TJ hung the drywall. It was simple work, but time-consuming, as TJ carefully made sure that all the corners aligned perfectly. Safety first, his dad always said, emphasizing quality construction, but aesthetics are a close second.

Reaching up to secure the top of the wall, TJ felt an urge from his bladder. He grunted involuntarily and pressed his thighs together.

Stupid! he mentally chastised himself. He knew the rules – you don’t leave before the work is done, no matter what. Drinking the extra water bottle and the Powerade had been a terrible decision.

TJ grimaced as he stood in front of the closet, quickly assessing how much work he had left to do. The drywall was finished, so he just had to cut and hang the shelves inside. He had all the specs, and since all the shelves were identical, he wouldn’t have to worry about setting up different measurements.

“Hey!”

The greeting from the window (well, the hole in the wall where the new window would soon be installed) was overly loud, considering TJ didn’t actually have his headphones on at the second. He jumped, then awkwardly tried to disguise the movement by turning to find Robbie smiling at him.

“How’s it going?” Robbie asked casually. He looked around at the alterations to the room. “It looks good!”

TJ smiled shyly, but only for a second. Sensations from his bladder nagged him, and he hoped his face wasn’t too noticeably red. Well, beyond the existing redness from the heat and the work.

“Thanks,” he murmured. “I should be done in about an hour, so you won’t have to deal with the noise too much longer.”

“Take your time.” Robbie winked, and this time, TJ was sure his blush was visible.

Robbie had walked away, but TJ’s face heated up even more as dozens of thoughts careened around his head – Robbie was flirting with him, he must look like a mess, he had to pee, but he couldn’t until he finished the job…

Clenching his jaw, TJ returned to the work table. His nerves were firing overtime, which was not helping his current situation.

Just finish the job.

Snatching the pressboard with far more force than necessary, TJ mentally scolded himself. He couldn’t let his own poor choices impact the quality of his work – his dad’s work.

TJ took a deep breath and clenched his abdominal muscles. Not trusting himself with the band saw just yet, he decided to hang the brackets in the closet. That way, as soon as he had the shelves cut, he could place them, clean up, and leave.

Measuring, even though he knew exactly where the studs are, TJ braced himself before each precise shot of the nail gun. The power of the tool still jarred his entire body, but he managed to hang all the brackets without losing control.

Allowing himself a brief smile, TJ returned to the saw. All he had to do was cut the pressboard and place the shelves, and he was done! (And clean up, but he wasn’t planning on that taking that long)

TJ grabbed the first board, measured, marked, then measured again. He continued the process until the shape of all 4 shelves was precisely delineated. He took a deep breath, positioned his safety goggles, and turned on the band saw.

And immediately turned it off again.

TJ let out a low groan and bent forward. The vibrations from the saw had caught him off guard, and he’d lost a quick, hot leak. He had to stop and cross his legs to help control the pressure, and he reflexively glanced toward the window to make sure Robbie wasn’t watching.

He wasn’t, not that it made TJ feel much better. The immediacy of the desperation passed after a few moments, but TJ felt his heart beating in his throat. He stared plaintively at the saw, as if begging it to go easy on him.

Taking a deep breath, TJ straightened up slowly. He squeezed his thighs tightly together, then grabbed the first piece of pressboard and turned on the saw.

TJ clenched his jaw so tightly, he thought he might crack a tooth. He could practically feel the liquid vibrating in his overfilled bladder, but he kept his focus trained on the saw, never wavering in the straight lines he was cutting.

Unconsciously holding his breath, TJ finished the last cut, ending up with 4 perfectly identical shelves. He gratefully turned off the saw, but the sudden cease in vibrations shocked him into leaking again.

The teen whined softly and shoved his hand between his legs. He couldn’t even think about the actual process of getting to a bathroom; he just had to finish this job without making a mess. And without Robbie seeing.

TJ pressed tightly through his jeans, his breath hitching. He really shouldn’t have drunk that Powerade.

The thought of the Powerade made TJ look sharply over at the window. Thankfully, Robbie was still nowhere in sight. TJ knew he didn’t have much time, so he gave his crotch another squeeze, then stood up and grabbed the stacked boards.

He slid the top shelf in, careful not the scratch the wall. The second and third shelves were placed easily enough, but TJ was tall enough that the last shelf required him to bend down.

He did.

But then he couldn’t get back up.

Even the slight bend necessary to help his long arms reach the bottom brackets put too much pressure on TJ’s bladder, and he felt another forceful leak soak into his underwear. He shakily placed the last shelf, then shoved both of his hands between his legs, clenching as tightly as he could. His jeans were awkwardly bunched in his hands, and he didn’t have as comforting of a grip as he wanted, but he couldn’t let go.

Tears sprung in TJ’s eyes. He tried to force himself to think of the work he still had to do, but any task-related thoughts were immediately crowded out by the simple biological fact that he couldn’t do anything else right now. He just had to pee.

His only remaining clear thought was that he couldn’t have an accident in the pool house. Half-blind with desperation and tears, TJ stumbled out the side door, hands between his legs, and around the side of the building. He barely made it around the corner before he totally lost control.

TJ whimpered as he started to actually wet himself, urine pouring over his hands and down both his thighs. His jeans darkened rapidly, and he could hear the splattering of his accident on the dirt below.

TJ fought to catch his breath. The relief was spectacular, but not nearly as overwhelming as the shame. He couldn’t…he didn’t…

Pressing his lips together, TJ tried to force himself to stay quiet. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d cried, but his current cycle of humiliation and self-contempt was forcing sobs against the back of his throat.

Seconds or minutes or hours later, he was finally empty. Shaking, TJ stood up straight and wiped his hands against the remaining dry material on the back of his jeans. He sniffled and dragged the back of his hand under his nose, but made no move to return inside.

Chest heaving, TJ tried to string together a plan. He still had to clean up inside, but if he did that quickly, then drove right home, he could still make it before his dad got there, and-

“Hey!”

TJ’s heart stopped. No no no…

“I wanted to see if y-“

TJ was facing away, so he didn’t yet see Robbie’s face, but it was pretty obvious what had happened. The sobs he’d been holding back seemed to intensify, ripping at his voice box.

“Hey,” Robbie repeated, his voice impossibly gentle, “Are you…can I…”

TJ desperately wanted to respond, to somehow assure Robbie that it was fine and that he’d just finish cleaning and be on his way, but he couldn’t open his mouth without crying. Instead, he tried to breathe deeply, calming himself enough to do literally anything other than just stand there silently in piss-soaked jeans.

Still out of TJ’s line of vision, Robbie inhaled audibly. “I’ll leave if you want me to, man, but can you just tell me if you need help? Like, do you need me to get anyone? Call anyone?”

Grateful for the yes-or-no question, TJ shook his head. Robbie’s gentle, non-judgmental offer was calming, and TJ was able to breathe more easily.

After another few silent seconds, he was able to speak. “I’m fine,” he said, his voice low and scratchy. “The closet is finished, so I’ll just clean up inside, and then we’ll be back tomorrow to-“

“Are you kidding me?!”

Robbie sounded so affronted that TJ finally looked up. Sure enough, Robbie looked utterly baffled by what TJ though was a pretty simple statement.

“You…” Robbie was all but sputtering, and TJ couldn’t figure out what had him so worked up. “You don’t have to do anything else! Just…why would you think you have to keep working??”

TJ frowned slightly. “I haven’t cleaned up yet. I haven’t finished. I have to finish the job for today.”

Robbie glanced down at TJ’s dark, sopping jeans, and TJ felt his entire face heat up. “TJ, it’s…it’s fine, man,” Robbie insisted. “You’re coming back tomorrow, just leave it.”

TJ shook his head and looked down again. “My dad…” He stopped, not wanting to make it sound like his dad was overly demanding. He wasn’t, it was just… “I have a job to do.”

TJ glanced back up to see some of the indignity melt off of Robbie’s face.

“You do you, man,” Robbie said, sounding a bit sad. “I know you and your dad do great work, and I don’t want to make it seem like I’m telling you how to do your job. But seriously –“ Robbie stared at TJ earnestly, and TJ had to look away, still intensely aware that he was standing in a puddle of his own urine. “- the bathroom is just off to the right through the back sliding door. I’m sorry no one told you where it was before.”

TJ was already shaking his head before Robbie finished, leaving the other teen bewildered.

“Oh, no,” TJ murmured. “We don’t use client bathrooms. We don’t enter any space unless we’re working in it.”

He said this as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, like he was explaining the First Amendment to someone who had never heard of the United States.

Robbie’s eyes darkened, and TJ nearly recoiled from this unexpected show of emotion. Robbie was so chill, so relaxed – what had TJ done wrong?

“What kind of classist, regressive, The Help bullshit is that?” Robbie spat. “Did you…did someone tell you that? Like, is it literally a rule around here?”

“We…” Now TJ really felt awful. He’d wet his pants like a child, he still hadn’t finished his tasks for today, and now, he’d somehow made the coolest, most attractive boy in the whole school mad at him. “We just…my dad always said that we don’t want to track in dirt or dust or anything. We want to respect the clients’ homes. It’s…we don’t want to…”

TJ’s face flamed again as he trailed off and stared back at the ground. The rest of the rule was “We don’t want to make any unnecessary mess,” but TJ had clearly broken that statute.

Robbie sighed, his feature softening again.

“I’m sorry,” he said softly. “I didn’t mean to yell.”

TJ glanced up and found Robbie looking at him sincerely. “You and your dad can work however you want,” Robbie swore, “but I…I promise, my family and I, we don’t care about dirt or shit like that. And definitely not over…over your well-being.”

TJ averted his eyes, blinking rapidly.

“I…” Robbie’s voice was softer than ever. “I just wanted you to know that.”

Eyes shining, TJ dared to lift his gaze, but didn’t say anything.

“Are you sure there’s nothing I can do?”

TJ shook his head and managed a weak smile. “Like I said, I’ll just clean up inside. We’ll be back tomorrow to work on the walkway and patio.”

Robbie smiled, gently, encouragingly. “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow, then.” He inhaled, as if he was going to say something else, but then just ducked his head and turned away.

TJ let out a long breath. His mind was already moving ahead to the clean-up job, the drive home, and the long shower he was going to take. But somehow, the horror of the afternoon wasn’t quite as suffocating as it had been ten minutes ago.

He whispered, even though Robbie had already walked away. “See you tomorrow.”

*005*2019-08-23 01:19

{{On 8/20/2019 at 1:13 AM, Melificentfan said:

What a fabulous story

}}

Thank you!

{{On 8/20/2019 at 5:35 AM, johnah said:

I love this. Thank you!

}}

Thank you for reading!

{{On 8/20/2019 at 10:53 AM, Pilly said:

Wow, I just loved this story. Maybe it's boring that I always say the same, but it was awesome because of the characters. I would read more about them, but if I would like to be honest I feel the same after all of your stories.

So I'm looking forward your next writing! :D

}}

As long as you don't find it boring that I keep writing the same kind of story, I won't find it boring that you're kind enough to read and comment :)

{{On 8/20/2019 at 5:36 PM, KarenGranger said:

Amazing job like always! All of your stories are always so accurate and you seem to create the perfect characters. Thanks so much for the story!

}}

I'm so glad you liked it! Thank you for giving me prompts I can work with!

{{On 8/20/2019 at 7:07 PM, wetaccident said:

This was very sweet. Thank you!

}}

You're so welcome! I'm glad you enjoyed it!

*010*2019-08-25 02:33

{{On 8/23/2019 at 5:41 AM, plas broek said:

I'm always really looking forward to your stories and so I was very happy when I opened OmoOrg and saw that you had posted a new story. And as always, it was a fantastic story.

}}

Thank you! I really appreciate you reading and commenting :)

{{On 8/23/2019 at 7:35 AM, Spectator9 said:

A good story with a plausible scenario.

}}

Thank you! I do strive for plausibility.

{{23 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Most stories revolve around good characters, but the humanity of TJ, like his woodwork, is really well crafted. He defies stereotypes and formulas by being a diligent blue-collar worker who's tough by necessity, but also a sensitive boy with a(n adorable) gay crush. It would almost be a shame not to develop the story more. I ship them!

}}

I was pretty excited when Karen's request allowed for either a gay or straight crush. No promises, but in a couple of weeks, I might shoehorn some other ideas I have onto these characters.

{{4 hours ago, macgyversgirl said:

This is amazing and would love to see more of these charecters

}}

I might give it a shot! I didn't conceptualize this as more than one scene, but I do like these two :)

*011*2019-09-08 22:34

Part two! I have at least two more chapters. I really like these characters, but I don't necessarily have a cohesive narrative to keep up the omo. We'll see. Thanks for reading!

###

“Hey.”

TJ’s heart fluttered just like it did the first time he heard that particular syllable. He turned from his locker to find Robbie grinning at him.

“Hey,” TJ replied, unable to come up with anything else to say on such short notice.

It had been three weeks since TJ’s humiliating experience in Robbie’s backyard. TJ had continued helping his dad at the work site on weekends, and the job had been finished a week ago. Robbie hadn’t said a word (or made any other indication at all) about TJ’s accident, but he’d smiled at him a few times in the school hallways.

Now, Robbie was standing in front of him, smiling that completely chill yet disarming smile.

“A bunch of people are going out to Meg Slokin’s lake house tomorrow night for a bonfire,” Robbie said, clearly not bothering to wait for TJ’s thoughts to slow down. “Wanna join me?”

TJ had never spoken to Meg Slokin, and he was sure he’d never been to a lake house, but bonfires were an event that crossed economic lines. Before he knew it, he was responding.

“Yeah, OK. What time? Should I meet you there?”

Robbie’s grin widened. “Meg had a thing for watching the sunset before lighting the bonfire, so I’ll pick you up at about 6:45?”

“OK,” TJ felt his face warm and hoped it didn’t show. “See you then.”

The warning bell rang, and Robbie turned to head to class. “Just text me your address when you get the chance. See you tomorrow!” he called over his shoulder.

Pulling his last book out of his locker, TJ blinked distractedly. Join me…pick you up…

Had he just been asked out on a date?

###

Come Friday night, TJ had to force himself not to change his outfit after he got dressed. This wasn’t a date. Robbie had never said it was a date. He didn’t even know if Robbie was into guys; this was just a nice thing that a classmate had invited him to.

Right?

He’d told his parents that he was going to a bonfire with some friends from school. Tony and Serena didn’t ask many questions – they trusted their son not to get into any trouble. Of course, that meant TJ wasn’t getting any advice or support before what may or may not be his first date.

He’d texted his address to Robbie earlier that afternoon, and Robbie had responded with a thumbs-up and “Thanks! See you soon!”

As 6:45 approached, TJ looked in on his parents, who were watching TV in the den. It occurred to him that he hadn’t confirmed what would happen when Robbie got to his house. Would he come to the door? Would he expect meet TJ’s parents? Would he just text from the driveway?

TJ decided to preempt any uncertainty. “I’m gonna wait on the steps,” he informed his parents. Tony grunted assent, Serena told him to have fun, and TJ slipped out the door, breathing a sigh of relief that at least one potential area of confusion was handled.

Exactly at 6:45, TJ watched as a late-model Audi pulled into the driveway. He was already on his feet, but Robbie hopped out of the driver’s side.

“Hey!” Robbie was smiling, but looked inquisitive. “You didn’t have to wait outside.”

TJ shrugged and walked toward the car, semi-consciously preventing Robbie from getting any closer to the house. “It’s a nice night I didn’t want to make you wait.”

Robbie drew his eyebrows together, bemused, but stayed by the car as TJ opened the passenger side door. Both boys slid in, and TJ tried to be as gentle as possible when shutting the door.

“Have you ever been out to Meg’s place before?” Robbie asked as he started the car and backed out of the driveway.

“Nah.” TJ shrugged, wondering if he should explain any more. But what would he say? He’d never been invited? That was true, but it sounded martyr-ish. That he always had to work on weekends? Also true, but then why was he coming now?

“Me neither,” Robbie casually interrupted TJ’s thoughts. “But I heard that she tries to do a few of these bonfires every year. They’re supposedly pretty chill.”

“Oh, cool.” TJ could have kicked himself. Surely he could contribute more to the conversation than just single-syllable sounds.

But Robbie didn’t seem to mind, or even notice. He kept chatting while he drove. “Steph Lowry – she’s the one who invited us –“

Us?

“- she gave me extra directions, since she said that GPS doesn’t always take you all the way up to the house. Well, It’s not like we’ll even be going to the house, anyway. Apparently, Meg’s parents are totally cool with her having people over and having bonfires, as long as they stay further away from the house. They’ve got at least 15 acres out there, I heard.”

“Yeah, when the town sold off the land around the lake about 20 years ago, they kept it in big parcels so it wouldn’t get too loud or crowded,” TJ explained automatically. His dad had done a bunch of work out there when the rich people had all started building their lake houses.

Robbie turned to look at TJ, beaming. “It’s cool that you know so much about everything around here.”

TJ shrugged again, looking down. “Not everything,” he insisted honestly. “I’ve just learned stuff about building and zoning from Dad. He never agrees to a job unless all of the permits are signed and taken care of.”

Robbie had turned back to the road, but he was still smiling. “Still. We’ve moved around a lot, and I’ve never met anyone my own age who knows more about the town than the high school football team’s record or where the closest Target is.”

TJ’s stomach writhed, unsure how to interpret the compliment. Robbie was giving him no reason to doubt his sincerity, but TJ was in unfamiliar territory, and he was questioning he choice to agree to this excursion more and more every second.

It’s not that people at school were mean to him. Pop culture was full of examples of rich-versus-poor clashes in high school, but TJ’s experience was more one of self-guided flying under the radar. Sure, he’d been paired with the likes of Meg Slokin and other lake-house-having students on group projects, and everything had been fine, but no one in that particular economic bracket had ever invited him to hang out. And TJ had never sought to socialize with any of the type of peers his dad worked for.

Until now.

Robbie was still talking nonchalantly, telling some story of a part at his previous school. He was a natural storyteller, and his relaxed conversation helped ease some of the tension in TJ’s chest.

Soon enough, though, Robbie turned onto a driveway marked with a “No Trespassing” sign. The car slowed down as it pulled up the unpaved path to a clearing filled with BMWs, Mercedes, and the occasional Lexus.

TJ felt his shoulders tense as he unfolded himself from Robbie’s equally-ritzy car. This wasn’t right, he didn’t fit…

The sun was going down, but there was still more than enough light for the two teens to see their way through the trees. As they drew closer to the lake, TJ could hear lively, pleasant sounds from a few dozen high school students.

TJ followed Robbie into a decent-sized clearing on the lake shore. His first thought was that Meg was right; the sunset was going to be gorgeous over the water.

“Robertooooooo!” A stocky boy wearing a letterman’s jacket threw his hands in the air and draped an arm around Robbie’s shoulder. “Good to see you, dude!”

Robbie smiled easily. “Hey, Tan. You know TJ Masters?”

“Of course!” Tan stuck his hand out for TJ to shake. “We had English Lit together last year. Glad you could make it!”

“Thanks, man,” TJ gripped Tan’s hand firmly.

“Robbie!” The hostess herself skipped over, looking delighted. “Thanks for coming!”

Robbie leaned down as the smaller girl reached up to hug him. “Thanks for having us! Meg, you know TJ?”

“Sure!” Meg seamlessly turned to give TJ a greeting hug, as well. “Your dad, like, built our lake house!”

TJ smiled sheepishly, but Robbie beamed. “Teej and his dad just finished up a revamp of the pool house at our place!”

“Oh, yeah,” Tan interjected, “everyone knows that Mr. Masters is the best in town.”

Robbie looked almost proudly at TJ, but TJ’s smile felt tight. Of course his dad did great work, but the little discussion felt like a subversive wall being placed between him and them. His dad worked for them. He worked for them.

Thankfully, no one seemed to notice TJ’s discomfort.

“Drinks are in the coolers!’ Meg chirped. “Anything you want!”

Robbie turned to TJ as they all walked toward the bonfire setup. “You want anything to drink? Soda? Beer? Water? Not that I know what they have in the first place?” Robbie cringed jokingly, and TJ smiled for real.

“A Coke? If they have one?”

“Sure thing.” Robbie strode off toward the coolers, leaving TJ standing awkwardly by the pile of wood. To his mild surprise, whoever had set up the wood had done a good job – it looked like the fire would burn high and steady.

But considering the merits of a bonfire setup only takes so much time, and TJ ran out of targeted, safe things to focus on well before Robbie returned, holding two bottles of Coke.

“They’ve got an absurd selection of drinks,” Robbie said conspiratorially, leaning in slightly. “You should check it out later to see if there’s anything else you want.”

As if he could sense TJ’s instinct to reply that no, he was fine, Coke was great, Robbie continued “Seriously. They’ve got brands I’ve never even heard of. It could be a fun experiment.”

Again totally hypnotized by Robbie’s charm, TJ nodded in agreement. Having Robbie next to him buffered the feeling disconnection from his classmates. He might not belong here, but with Robbie, he felt like less of an outsider.

Robbie was a natural conversationalist, and he chatted easily with every person who approached them. He always made sure to introduce TJ, and, though his classmates always responded kindly, TJ couldn’t get rid of the feeling that he was an oddity, a genially-accepted charity attendee of the latest gala.

TJ downed his Coke far too quickly and, while Robbie was in an enthusiastic conversation about European politics, he snuck off to grab another drink. He wasn’t thirsty, exactly, but having a bottle gave him something to do with both his hands and his mouth. Robbie was right – the extensive collection of drinks available in the coolers seemed unnecessary, at best. But TJ didn’t want Robbie thinking he was ignoring his advice, so he grabbed something in a green bottle with a label that definitely wasn’t in English.

Returning to Robbie’s side, TJ attempted to smile and look engaged in the conversation. The sunset in promised, beautiful fashion, and someone lit the bonfire. As TJ expected, it caught perfectly, and the clearing was soon filled with localized warmth and flickering light.

As the sky around them grew dark, TJ spoke less and less. It was easier to hide in the darkness, even though he was still standing right there. He’d finished his second drink nearly as quickly as the first – it had been some sort of tropical-fruit flavor – but he felt increasingly awkward without something in his hand. Too discomfited to notice his filling bladder, TJ half-smiled in Robbie’s direction as a means of excusing himself from a conversation that he wasn’t actually participating in and made his way back over to the coolers.

He’d been gone less than a minute, but by the time TJ returned to his previous spot by the bonfire, Robbie was gone. Nervously, unconsciously, TJ downed the entirety of whatever beverage he’d distractedly picked from the cooler. The fire gave plenty of light, but the shifting shadows confused TJ’s already-uncomfortable mind.

The rational part of his brain said that Robbie had to be close. As far as TJ had noticed, all of the revelers were hanging out within the light of the fire, except for maybe a few couples who had gone off to seek darker, more private locales.

And with that particular stream of consciousness, the less rational part of TJ’s brain began to wonder if Robbie had, in fact, been one of those individuals to sneak off with someone to a more private locale. They weren’t on a date, after all, and TJ had no idea what Robbie’s plans were for the evening.

As he tried to fight off the spiraling thoughts of Robbie making out with some pretty girl in the forest, a sharp surge from TJ’s bladder finally caught his attention.

Instinctually pressing his thighs together, TJ glanced around to see if anyone noticed, but not one was paying attention to him. There were several dozen teenagers clustered around the bonfire, but they were all engaged in cheerful conversations with each other.

TJ felt invisible, and he felt stupid. What kind of senior in high school can’t even fit in at a perfectly casual party? More importantly (at the moment), what kind of senior in high school is stupid enough to down 3 drinks in less than an hour, pushing himself into desperation?

He’d been observing quietly since he’d arrived, but it hadn’t been that long, so he hadn’t seen or heard anyone ask where the bathroom was. Now, eyes skipping from one poised, pretty group to the next, TJ had no intention of interrupting any of the existing conversations to ask for directions to a restroom.

His bladder pulsed again, and TJ clenched his jaw. All three sugary drinks had apparently coursed through his system in record time, and he needed a toilet far more urgently than he’d realized.

Not wanting to be seen squirming noticeably, TJ scanned the crowd for Robbie’s familiar face, but came up empty.

Moving before he’d even made the conscious decision, TJ turned and strode into the woods. He was at the point where he couldn’t keep control without external assistance, and he wanted to get out of the general line of sight. He ducked behind a large sycamore and allowed himself to cross his legs and bend at the waist.

The forest was thick enough that even at this distance, the noise from the bonfire seemed muffled. Still, TJ wasn’t assured.

This was the Slokin’s land. He didn’t know what they used it for, and it was too dark to see any specific markings or alterations to the land. He didn’t want to just pee carelessly – any given tree could have meaning or be used for something by Meg’s family. It wasn’t polite or proper to just piss on someone else’s land.

Squeezing his thighs over one another, TJ mentally chastised himself. He wasn’t stupid, and he wasn’t a child. Still keeping his muscles tight, TJ straightened up and started to think.

The Slokins were wealthy, and Robbie had said Meg had several bonfires out here throughout the year. With the number of people Meg appeared to invite, surely there was a bathroom plan in place. An outhouse, a shower house, even a Porta Potty or two.

Steeling himself against the alarmingly increasing pressure from his bladder, TJ started to walk. His eyes had adjusted a little to the decreased light away from the bonfire, so he was able to pick his way through the trees without much trouble. Of course, he had to stop every few feet to cross his legs or even grab between his thighs to keep himself from having an accident.

TJ wandered for nearly 10 minutes, scanning in all directions, but staying far enough away from the clearing that he wouldn’t be seen, but to no avail. He didn’t see any buildings, not even a path to the main house. His resolve falling further with ever step, TJ had to stop again, hinging forward.

His phone buzzed in his pocket, shocking him into a momentary loss of control. TJ shoved a hand into his crotch, but not fast enough to prevent a leak from gushing all the way through his jeans.

Wincing at the feeling of wet fabric under his hand, TJ pulled out his phone.

Where’d you go? I lost you!

Without warning, TJ’s eyes filled with tears. Alone in the dark, hand between his legs, urine-dampened fabric pressing against his skin, he was in no place to be reasonable. Robbie’s text hit him like a beating, a scolding toward a disobedient child who’d wandered off.

TJ leaked again, hot and clammy against his hand. He shuffled forward, just enough rational space left in his mind to realize how utterly pathetic he was being.

Grasping onto that last vestige of rational thought, TJ tried to talk himself into doing something constructive. But it was too late, and he was too overwhelmed. The hardwired inferiority around his peers, the uncertainty of his standing with Robbie, and the insistence of the three drinks he’d consumed trying to escape his bladder combined into a perfect storm of immobility.

With one last pulse, TJ’s bladder released completely. Warm liquid gushed through his underwear, streaming down both his legs, flowing around and through his jeans. He hunched forward, lower abdomen aching with the force of his accident.

TJ remained rooted to the spot. Beyond the noise from the bonfire, he could hear his own piss splattering into a puddle on the ground. He felt his shoes and socks absorbing the liquid that snaked down both his calves.

He wet long enough to feel the increasing weight of his jeans pull them downward. By the time he finally stopped, he could hear his feet squishing in the newly-created mud underneath his feet.

Dazed and defeated, TJ stumbled sideways, slumping against a tree. He slid down the trunk, not caring how the bark caught against the fabric of his shirt. His phone buzzed again, but TJ didn’t even bother pulling it out.

He leaned back against the tree, tears coursing silently down his face. He was stupid, he was ridiculous, he didn’t belong here, he was worthless…

“TJ? Teej, are you out here?”

TJ didn’t make a sound, but he slumped further down against the tree. He had no explanation, no excuse he could offer Robbie that wouldn’t make the teen think he was a complete waste of space.

“TJ? Come on, man, I’m getting worried!”

Through his tears, TJ saw a beam of white light and behind it, Robbie’s silhouette as he stepped through the trees, holding his phone as a flashlight.

“TJ!” Robbie sprinted the last few steps to TJ’s side and crouched down next to him. “What happened? I’m so sorry I lost you, I’ve been looking!”

Robbie had dropped the arm holding the flashlight, so TJ wasn’t illuminated. The relatively darkness didn’t provide enough comfort, though, and TJ couldn’t bring himself to speak.

“Hey,” Robbie placed a hand gently on TJ’s shoulder. “Are you OK? Teej?”

The sincerity of Robbie’s concern couldn’t penetrate TJ’s humiliated haze, and he could only keep crying silently.

“TJ?” Robbie slowly raised his phone to light up TJ’s tear-stained face. “Oh!” TJ kept his gaze down, but he heard the shock in Robbie’s voice. “Hey! What-“

The light from the phone was small, but powerful enough that it easily glinted off the copious wetness in TJ’s lap. He felt his lower lip start to tremble traitorously as Robbie took in the evidence of his childish failure.

Several seconds passed in silence. TJ couldn’t bring himself to look at Robbie; he was sure his classmate was disgusted, at best.

“Can you stand?”

Robbie’s request was calm and gentle, and TJ found himself admiring the boy’s restraint. He didn’t trust himself to speak, so he nodded.

“OK.” Robbie’s hand never left TJ’s shoulder. “We’ll walk to my car. Everyone else is still back at the shore, so we shouldn’t run into anyone, and then we can do whatever you want – go back to my place, I can take you right home, whatever.”

TJ inhaled, trying to steady his shaking chest. “I can’t get in your car.” His voice was low and scratchy, but firm.

There were another few seconds of silence, and TJ hated himself for challenging Robbie, but he couldn’t let Robbie let him make a mess of-

“I have a blanket in the trunk,” Robbie said, still calm. “You can sit on that, and it’ll be easy to wash.”

Deciding against further argument, TJ nodded again. He waited another second or two, but when it appeared there would be no more instructions forthcoming, he leaned forward and pushed himself to his feet.

His jeans clung to his legs, making every step a visceral reminder of just how stupid he’d been. Robbie didn’t say a word on the way back to his car, and TJ had no desire to be the one to break the silence. He stood absolutely mute as Robbie popped open the trunk and pulled out a thick, fleece blanket. TJ’s stomach lurched at the thought of dirtying what looked like a homemade present, but his desire to let Robbie get rid of him as quickly as possible won out over any hesitancy.

As TJ tried to put as little weight as physically possible onto the seat, Robbie backed out onto the driveway.

“What do you want? Do you want to go back to my house, or would you rather I take you home?”

“Home,” TJ croaked. “Please.”

Robbie turned onto the road and drove for a few minutes. He hadn’t turned on the radio, and the finely-designed engine didn’t make nearly enough noise to cover the uncomfortable silence.

It wasn’t a terribly long ride, and TJ knew he needed to apologize. He’d have to jump out of the car as soon as Robbie pulled into his driveway, so he really should-

“I’m sorry.”

At the sound of Robbie’s cracked, earnest voice, TJ was shocked into looking up. Robbie’s eyes were on the road, and his hands were gripped tightly around the wheel.

“I’m so sorry,” he continued, baffling TJ into continued silence. “I can’t believe I did that to you. It was so shitty, and I feel terrible.”

TJ’s mouth flopped open, but he couldn’t think of what to say.

“You know I didn’t mean to, right?” Robbie turned to look pleadingly at TJ, his eyes shining. “I just got caught up in conversation, and when I looked up, you weren’t there, and then Steph called me over to talk to some kid from Key Club, and then when I looked around, I couldn’t find you anywhere…”

Robbie paused and drew in a deep breath. “I shouldn’t have left you. It wasn’t your scene, and I dragged you there in the first place, and then I just abandoned you.”

TJ had stopped crying, but hearing Robbie’s impassioned apology, his lip started to tremble again. He felt exposed, vulnerable, and he had to explain himself.

“I didn’t…” he choked out, “I didn’t know where the bathroom was. And I-“

“You couldn’t just go on someone else’s land without permission,” Robbie interrupted, sounding miserable. “I know. Of course you wouldn’t do that.”

He glanced over again, looking forlorn. “I swear, Teej, I didn’t do it on purpose. I should’ve made sure you were comfortable, that you knew how everything worked out there. Yeah, people just piss in the woods, that’s what Meg said, but you didn’t know that, and it wasn’t fair of me to leave you on your own.”

TJ stared. Robbie sounded so completely sincere, and he really seemed to understand what had gone wrong. It didn’t fully wash away the humiliation, but maybe, if Robbie truly didn’t think he was repulsive…

“I don’t expect you to just be OK with me tonight,” Robbie insisted, like he was compelled to keep talking, “but if you give me another chance, I promise I’ll do better.”

He turned onto TJ’s street, and TJ realized he didn’t feel nearly as horrible as he had ten minutes ago. Robbie parked in TJ’s driveway, and turned toward his passenger.

“OK?” he asked, those two syllables containing multiple questions.

TJ’s faced warmed under Robbie’s gaze, but he nodded. “Thank you,” he murmured, then cleared his throat. “Thank you for inviting me. And for driving me. And…” TJ had to avert his gaze. “…and for taking care of me.”

TJ gulped, then looked up again. “I’ll see you on Monday?”

Robbie smiled slightly, looking almost hopeful. “See you Monday.”

*015*2019-09-12 02:24

{{On 9/8/2019 at 6:59 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was so adorable

}}

Glad you liked it!

{{On 9/9/2019 at 11:02 AM, Pilly said:

Awww, I'm so happy to read this chapter!

They are so cute, and this scene was really interesting for me. I feel sorry for TJ, he was in a terrible situation, but Robbie was kind. I was wondering... maybe once Robbie could be the one having an accident. Maybe that would make TJ feel better.

}}

Would it, though?

{{On 9/9/2019 at 5:34 PM, macgyversgirl said:

Love that youve done more Looking forward to more love how Robbie thinks nothing of tjs wetti gs

}}

Thank you!

{{On 9/9/2019 at 11:07 PM, KarenGranger said:

It's awesome! Do you plan on doing another or was this the last?

I think that would be interesting as well... I mean I don't know if you had it planned, but that would be awesome. Just seeing the more sensitive side of the ever so talkative Robbie makes me think it would be great. Either way, no matter who wets I can't wait to read the next one if there will be one.

}}

I have two more planned, though the second one might be even less cohesive than the first three!

*016*2019-09-15 05:54

Perspective change! I couldn't write this from anything other than Robbie's point of view. Thanks for reading!

###

Robbie ran his fingers lightly through his hair, trying to faux-casually arrange it into the perfect look, then sighed audibly at his own vanity.

He’d already spent way too much time picking out an outfit – what does one even wear to go hiking? - before finally enlisting his mother’s help. Pilar had laughed and rightly instructed him to wear cool, comfortable clothes that wouldn’t chafe.

“And good shoes, mi amor!” she insisted. “The last thing you want is to have to leave early because you can’t walk any more.”

The fact that he hadn’t thought about comfort at all made Robbie even more nervous about their plans for today. And he really, really wanted today to go well.

It had been two weeks since the disastrous party at Meg Slokin’s lake house, and Robbie had been beating himself up ever since, wracking his brain trying to figure out how to make things up to TJ.

TJ.

Robbie smiled involuntarily, like he usually did when thinking about his tall, quiet classmate. He’d noticed TJ almost immediately when he’d started at the new school. Robbie hadn’t lived in many places with working-class peers, so TJ’s unbranded clothes and un-pomaded hair caught his eye right away.

Unfortunately, it had taken several weeks to learn much more about TJ than he could observe in the hallways. Any classmates he asked (and Robbie tried not to ask too much, lest he come off as stalker-y) had simply shrugged and offered up some version of “He’s nice enough, but I don’t know him too-well.”

Then, by some miracle, TJ had showed up at Robbie’s house. Robbie vaguely knew that his dad had hired someone to redo the pool house, but he’d nearly flipped when the truck door opened and TJ had stepped out. He’d spent all morning coming up with besotted schemes – “reading” by the pool, bringing TJ a drink – anything to get another glimpse of his classmate.

Of course, that day had ended up teaching Robbie more about TJ than he’d been able to learn in the first few weeks of school, but not necessarily in a good way. Eager to show TJ that the upper strata of their classmates weren’t scary, Robbie had concocted a plan to bring him to Meg’s party.

And that had only made things worse.

Robbie had rued his own thoughtlessness. He’d only thought as far as getting TJ to come to the party; he’d made absolutely no effort to make sure TJ was comfortable or taken care of. Not one to give up, Robbie was determined to make sure that this time, TJ was totally at ease, and what better way to do that than to let TJ make the plans?

“Hey!” Robbie had internally cringed at the amount of overly enthusiasm in his tone when he’d met TJ at his locker two days ago, but he’d soldiered forward. “What are you doing this weekend?”

TJ had hesitated, so Robbie kept going. “I figured since we’ve hung out at my house and then gone to a party that I wanted to go to, it’s definitely your turn to pick what to do. So what do you like to do on weekends? If you’re not working.”

Robbie’s heart had been racing, but his smile never wavered. TJ had looked a little baffled at first, but he’d smiled a little bit.

“The weather is supposed to be nice on Saturday, so I was gonna go for a hike,” he’d said, and Robbie lit up.

“Perfect!” He beamed. “I’ve been looking for a way to explore the area a bit more. What time?”

Still looking bemused, TJ filled in some details, and, within seconds, the two boys had made a plan for TJ to pick up Robbie at 2 on Saturday.

It was now 1:45, and Robbie was all but bouncing up and down in anticipation. He was determined that this time, it would be a successful hangout. Something they could look back on as their first real date.

TJ had texted Robbie a few times that morning, which Robbie took as an encouraging sign – just some reminders to put on sunscreen and be hydrated, along with promises to only do as much as Robbie was comfortable with.

It was definitely true that Robbie didn’t have a ton of experience with “hiking,” per se, but he was fit enough. Hiking was just more intense walking, right? And Robbie trusted that TJ didn’t want to push him too hard. Even though Robbie felt like he kind of owed TJ some of his own discomfort at this point…

With expected punctuality, TJ pulled into the driveway right at 2. Robbie wasn’t waiting on the porch, but he still walked outside without waiting for him to come to the door. He hadn’t gotten a chance to meet TJ’s parents, so he didn’t want to impose imbalance in the relationship so soon by making TJ ring the doorbell.

“Hey!” Robbie grinned at he approached the truck. “Thanks for picking me up!”

“Sure.” TJ smiled shyly and slid back into the driver’s seat.

He didn’t say anything else, but Robbie was prepared to lead the conversation. “So where are we going?”

“Well,” TJ began, backing out of the driveway, “I figured since you said you haven’t done much hiking, we’d do Pinehead Trail. It’s not too challenging – no climbing over boulders or anything – but it’s a bit further out of town, so it won’t be as crowded as some of the closer ones.”

Robbie felt his chest warm. TJ had clearly put more thought into this date (it was totally a date) than Robbie did their last one, and he was grateful for the consideration. “Sounds perfect,” he said. “I hope I don’t slow you down too much.”

TJ ducked his chin slightly, but kept his eyes on the road. “I’m sure you’ll be great.”

Sensing that giving the compliment flustered TJ a little bit, Robbie changed the subject. “So you don’t have to work this weekend?”

As Robbie expected, TJ was a little more chatty when it came to talking about work. “Nah. Dad’s in Memphis for a few days at a lighting conference, so I get a bit of a break. But he’s updating the ballroom at the Berken Center this month, so I’ll be out there, helping with flooring next weekend.”

Robbie couldn’t get over how casually TJ talked about fixing things. He had to many skills and so much knowledge, and he didn’t even know it.

“A lighting conference?” he prodded.

TJ let out a half-breath, half-laugh. “It’s not quite as boring as it sounds,” he said, then went on to explain how the presenters and vendors at the conference were a mix of designers, hawking the newest, fanciest gadgets for rich clients and engineers presenting the latest advances in functional lighting and energy saving.

The whole time, Robbie just stared at TJ, aware of just how far gone he was with his crush. He had no personal interest in lighting, but TJ’s explanations were so seamless and casual. Robbie would have listened to him all day.

“So,” TJ continued, unexpectedly turning the conversation back to Robbie, “what made you want to go hiking?”

“Oh!” Robbie shrugged, trying to look less flustered than he felt. He didn’t want to go hiking; he wanted to spend time with TJ. But he didn’t want to say that just yet. Didn’t want to scare him away. “This is maybe the prettiest area we’ve ever lived in, but I’ve still only really seen it from cars and buildings. I thought maybe you could show me how to appreciate it for real.”

Robbie saw TJ’s jaw twitch, and it looked like he was suppressing a smile. “Well, Pinehead has one of my favorite spots in the county, so hopefully that counts.”

Ugh. There was that heat in Robbie’s chest again. TJ was taking him to one of his favorite spots? He was done for.

The boys chatted for the remainder of the 30-minute dive out to the trailhead, and Robbie was pleased with how comparatively talkative TJ was being. He definitely seemed more comfortable today, which, of course, was Robbie’s whole goal.

TJ parked and pulled a bag out of the backseat. Empty, handed, Robbie felt a bit stupid.

“Should I have brought something?”

“Nah.” TJ threw on the backpack and started walking toward the trail entrance. “It’s only a four-mile round trip, so I have everything we need. Water, some snacks, and some extra sunscreen if we decide to hang out for a while.”

Robbie could have swooned. “If we decide to hang out for a while” He was definitely going to count this as their first date.

He followed TJ onto the trail, which, as promised, was fairly smooth and well-marked. It wasn’t too steep, but Robbie definitely noticed that they were headed in an upward direction. His stomach contracted a teeny bit, but they were surrounded by trees as far as the eye could see, so he tried not to worry too much.

“Alright, Lewis and Clark,” Robbie said teasingly as they started the hike, “or some other explorer who wasn’t also the perpetrator of genocide, and I can’t think of one off the top of my head right now…start teaching me!”

TJ turned to the side and actually smiled. “Weren’t you ever a Boy Scout or anything?”

“Nope!” Robbie shrugged, unbothered. “Like I said, we’ve never lived in a place with nature quite as appealing as this, so I never learned anything beyond the basics in science class.”

Shrugging in return, TJ kept walking. “If you want the full nature-boy lesson-“

“Yes!” Robbie interrupted.

TJ smiled even wider, and Robbie reaffirmed his silent commitment to listen to whatever he had to say. “OK, then. Just stop me if you have questions, or if you get tired, or whatever.”

“Yes, scoutmaster!” Robbie beamed and held up four fingers. TJ shook his head and reached over to put down Robbie’s pinky into the proper Boy Scout salute, and Robbie was certain he was about to melt into the forest floor.

It was perfect. The hike – date – was going better than Robbie had let himself hope for. TJ was relaxed, chatty, and absolutely fucking brilliant about absolutely everything along the trail. Robbie felt ignorant in comparison, but he didn’t even care. He was finally getting to spend time alone with TJ Masters, and TJ seemed to be having a great time. Yes, they kept climbing higher, but Robbie could still only see further expanses of trees, so he refused to let himself get anxious.

Robbie was definitely not as experienced of a hiker, but TJ was kind, stopping frequently for water and snack breaks. Robbie was sure their pace wasn’t breaking any records, but at least it was keeping him from wheezing and sweating like an old man in a marathon. It was a decently warm fall day, so, although just standing in the shade felt nice, hiking definitely built up some heat. Robbie had downed a water bottle before leaving (TJ’s texts had told him to stay hydrated!), and he gratefully drank another one that TJ produced from his backpack.

“We’re almost there,” TJ finally said after about 45 minutes. He turned toward Robbie, looking as animated as Robbie had ever seen him. “My favorite spot.”

Practically giddy at TJ’s excitement, Robbie tried to downplay his glee with sarcasm. “Man, if you’re taking me to your murder-cave, I’m gonna be so disappointed.”

TJ laughed and pointed to a smaller, unmarked trail (totally could be a murder cave, Robbie though, but followed him anyway). “I discovered it by accident a couple of years ago, but I swear, it has some of the best views in the state-“

Views? Robbie paused for a millisecond, but TJ kept walking. Robbie continued, drawing in a long, deliberate breath.

It’ll be fine, he insisted mentally. It’ll just be some pretty plants or something.

TJ kept traipsing forward, leading Robbie through the thicker growth. “I couldn’t find any official measurements – like I said, this isn’t, like, a noted place or anything – but I did some estimates of my own, and on a clear day, you can see over 20 miles!”

…over…Robbie felt his breath getting shallow. It’s fine, it’ll only be a minute…

“Here!” TJ stepped into a small clearing and gestured grandly.

He was standing just a few feet from a dropoff that had to be a thousand feet high. Robbie’s heart rate skyrocketed, and he broke out into a cold sweat. He tried to hang back by the trees, but the clearing was maybe only 10 feet wide, which put him way closer to the edge than he was OK with.

TJ was beaming, looking out over the (admittedly) gorgeous scene, but Robbie’s vision started to blur and his limbs were starting to go numb with terror. He knew he had to turn back.

“Hey,” he called, trying to sound casual. TJ turned, and Robbie managed a weak smile – he didn’t want to worry TJ or freak him out or anything - but before he could open his mouth, he felt warmth down the middle of this thighs.

Robbie’s brain wasn’t functioning at full capacity, so his reaction was slow, and, for a second, he just stood, attempting to smile at TJ while simultaneously pissing his pants.

TJ’s excited grin had evaporated, and his faced morphed through multiple configurations, showing confusion, doubt, and then betrayal.

“Are…” TJ’s voice had lost all of the confidence from the hike. “…are you making fun of me?”

Robbie’s mouth dropped open as the weight of TJ’s question hit him like a linebacker. “No!” he gasped breathlessly, “No, I…”

But he didn’t have enough air left to continue. Robbie swayed forward and didn’t even have time to put his hands out to break his fall before TJ was there, wrapping him in strong, sure arms.

It occurred to Robbie that he was still peeing as TJ guided him onto the ground with heartbreaking gentleness. He didn’t have the energy to look around, but he hoped he wasn’t getting any on him.

“I’m…” Robbie breathed. “I’m sor-“

“Shh,” TJ cut him off, but there was no anger in his tone. “Don’t talk. Just breathe.”

“But I-“

“I mean it.” TJ was the very definition of “firm but kind.”

“Just lay back and breathe. I’m going to hold your feet up to get blood flowing back to your head.”

Reluctantly, Robbie did as he was told. He closed his eyes, mostly to help calm down, but also to hold back the sheen of tears that had gathered.

In his self-imposed darkness, Robbie agonized over TJ’s initial reaction. He actually thought Robbie was teasing him, that he’d somehow tricked him into coming up here so he could make fun of his accidents!

Not for the first time that day, Robbie felt like a total idiot. He’d been so concerned with the thought of doing something that TJ liked (and, of course, of getting another shot at a date himself) that he hadn’t really considered how TJ might feel about spending time with a classmate who had now seen him wet his pants twice within the past few weeks.

Robbie’s heart rate had slowed considerably, and laying down definitely helped. He didn’t how long it had been, but he opened his eyes and stared intently at TJ.

“Rest,” TJ ordered, in the manner of a somewhat exasperated nurse. “We’re in no rush.”

“No.” TJ opened his mouth to interrupt, but Robbie talked over him. “I won’t move, I promise, but I can talk.”

TJ made no more moves indicating dissent, so Robbie continued.

“I hate heights,” he said simply. “Like I’m fine with being high up, as long as I don’t see it. So I choose aisle seats on planes, and I don’t look out the windows of tall buildings…”

He felt himself tear up again, but he kept going. “I’m so sorry,” he pleaded. “I wasn’t making fun of you, I’d never-“

“Shut up.”

Robbie blinked, stunned, but TJ didn’t sound annoyed. He was just shaking his head ruefully.

“Of course you weren’t making fun of me. I shouldn’t have accused you.” As he spoke, TJ was breaking apart a granola bar from the bag and handed Robbie a small piece. “I’m not mad at all, so please don’t apologize. I just…” TJ dropped his gaze and trailed off.

Robbie would have walked through fire to erase the look of shame from TJ’s face. He slowly pushed himself up to a seat against the tree TJ had laid him next to. TJ looked on apprehensively, but ultimately allowed the change in position.

“I’m so sorry,” Robbie repeated, despite TJ’s request. TJ was shaking his head, but Robbie couldn’t stop. He was still woozy, which was both strengthening his resolve and lowering his inhibitions.

“All I wanted was to do something that you liked, because everything we’ve done together so far has been awful for you, and that’s not fair, and then I went and ruined your favorite spot, and all I wanted was an amazing first date with a cute guy who-“

Robbie would’ve kept going, but he was cut off by the pressure of TJ’s lips on his.

TJ.

Was.

Kissing.

Him.

Robbie’s eyes widened in shock for a half-second before he closed them and leaned in, savoring the feeling of TJ’s surprisingly soft mouth.

TJ broke off the kiss abruptly, and it took every ounce of Robbie’s self-control not to whine like a child whose favorite toy was snatched away.

He stared at TJ, who looked just as stunned by his own actions as Robbie was. He rubbed his hand across the back of his head, looking sheepish.

Unable to think of anything to say, Robbie just flapped his mouth open and closed like a fish. Finally, TJ looked back up, the corner of his mouth curled into a small grin.

“I think you’re cute, too.”

In no universe did Robbie ever expect that his first kiss with TJ would occur while he was soaked in his own urine, still shaking from a near acrophobia-induce anxiety attack.

But it was perfect.

“So I didn’t ruin everything?” Robbie asked, finally regaining his voice.

TJ shook his head, still looking dazedly bashful, but he straightened up a bit when he looked back at Robbie.

“But we need to think about how we’re gonna get you back to the truck,” he said seriously. “We have plenty of time for you to rest and eat and get your strength back, but…”

TJ looked down at Robbie’s drenched jeans, and Robbie cringed.

“It’s a long walk,” TJ said, almost regretfully, “and-“

“It’ll chafe,” Robbie finished for him, sighing. “Yeah.”

TJ checked his watched, then looked up toward the sky. “We won’t have enough time before it gets dark to just hang out until it dries.”

Robbie shrugged, taking another bite of granola bar. “I’ll live.”

TJ winced sympathetically. “It’ll be really uncomfortable, though, especially tomorrow.”

Still floating from the kiss, Robbie wiggled his eyebrows. “Are you offered to come over tomorrow and minister to my balls?”

“Jesus,” TJ rolled his eyes, and Robbie knew he was going to have a ton of fun teasing him in the future.

“It’ll be fine,” he promised. “I don’t have anything to do tomorrow, so I can just hang out in my room, pantsless.”

TJ looked skeptical, but neither boy could think of a better plan. He forced Robbie to sit for another 20 minutes, eating to replenish his blood sugar, before relenting and agreeing to start their trek back down.

TJ went even more slowly than he had on the way up, sticking close to Robbie’s side the entire time. Robbie relished the proximity and tried to focus on that, rather than his chilled, wet pants and underwear. The chafing was no joke, and Robbie was genuinely sore by the time they reached the truck.

“Do you want anything else to eat?” TJ asked as they finally pulled out on the road.

“No,” Robbie leaned back against the headrest, grateful to no longer be walking. “We’ve got plenty of food at home.”

TJ nodded, but 10 minutes later, pulled into the parking lot of a small shopping center.

“Be right back,” was all he said.

Robbie didn’t question him, and TJ returned holding a small box.

“A&D ointment?” Robbie grimaced, but the warmth in his chest returned at TJ’s caring gesture.

“I figured you wouldn’t have any unless someone in your house had gotten a tattoo recently,” TJ said as he started the car. “You really shouldn’t just use any old lotion.”

Robbie was tired and thoroughly bemused by the events of the afternoon, but he smiled at TJ. “You really do know everything.”

TJ snorted, but his derision was minimal.

By the time they arrived at Robbie’s house, his skin was aching enough that he didn’t feel to awful about the date ending. But he still wanted to ensure another one.

“You’re working next weekend?”

“On Saturday,” TJ clarified, clearly on the same page.

“So you’re free Friday?”

TJ grinned. “Maybe a movie?”

“Perfect,” Robbie smiled, but swallowed a comment about movies being a safe activity. He might be okay with joking about pissing himself, but he didn’t think TJ would be.

Satisfied with their vague plans, Robbie climbed out of the car, clutching the ointment like a priceless gem.

“Thanks for a great date,” he said honestly. “See you Monday.”

TJ smiled back. “See you Monday.”

*021*2019-09-19 01:28

{{On 9/15/2019 at 7:38 AM, KarenGranger said:

Awesome again... these stories are going so great and I LOVED Robbie's point of view. Great story and can't wait for the next. I wonder what will happen then?!

}}

I'm so glad you're enjoying it!

{{On 9/15/2019 at 11:11 AM, Melificentfan said:

I loved Robbie's point of view that was a fantastic part

}}

Thank you! I liked getting to expand Robbie's character a bit :)

{{On 9/16/2019 at 8:10 PM, Spectator9 said:

I was wondering how the two of them could establish their relationship, and this chapter was almost - logical! That rarely happens when someone is writing a pee-story. This is much more than that!

A great story, well told.

}}

Thank you so much!! I do try to make my stories reasonably plausible.

{{On 9/16/2019 at 10:11 PM, AliasnameTO said:

I would have preferred you stuck with TJ, because the shift from scared, shy victim to bold, decisive caretaker powered by his feelings and risks with Robbie would have made an excellent arc.

But regardless, it was beautiful as always. I'll admit it was nice to see the "perfect" Robbie show some insecurity hehe.

}}

You know, I didn't even think of that - how using TJ's point of view would allow me to explore that shift a bit more. I was thinking more about how a what a person thinks of themself might be really different than how they're seen by other people. So Robbie isn't as "cool" as TJ thinks he is, and TJ isn't a "useless" as he sees himself.

{{On 9/17/2019 at 12:26 PM, Pilly said:

I just loved this chapter too!

I was happy to read about Robbie's thoughts as well, and it was cool to see him in wet pants too. And that movie night can be a good possibility as well...

}}

Sorry, darling, we're not going to be exploring the movie night! I only have one scenario idea left, and it's not exactly a smooth transition!

*022*2019-09-22 01:33

I do love these characters. This scenario has nothing to do with continuity, but then again, I never planned this to have multiple parts, anyway. I have no more ideas for these two, so I hope you like this last story!

###

“Hey.”

The sound of Robbie’s voice pulled TJ out of the haze he hadn’t realized he’d fallen into. TJ turned to smile at his boyfriend, marveling that he got to be on the receiving end of the affectionate look on Robbie’s face.

“Already tired?” Robbie teased. “It’s only been a half hour, and we’re supposed to take care of these rug rats all weekend.”

“I’m not a rug rat!” One of the first graders sitting behind Robbie on the bus yelped indignantly, and TJ grinned.

“Oh, yeah?” he teased the boy, leaning out into the aisle. “What are you, then?”

“I’m Batman!”

Both TJ and Robbie burst out laughing at the kid’s growly attempt at an impersonation, and the boy beamed, all rug-rat-based annoyance gone.

TJ turned back to Robbie, still laughing. “I’m good. I just forgot how exhausting it was wrangling all these kids.”

Robbie nodded in agreement, eyes wide. “Who knew that getting 40 elementary school students on a bus was such a challenge?”

“I should have warned you.”

Robbie waved his hand dismissively. “You did.” He grinned at TJ, and TJ let out an involuntary sigh of contentment. “I knew what I was getting into.”

It was a pleasant, early-spring weekend. TJ and Robbie had been officially dating since November and were now reveling in the delightful period of adoring each other and hanging out as much as possible before they really started facing the fact that they’d be graduating soon and would have to confront not being together nearly every day.

In the spirit of that emotional revelry, TJ had invited Robbie to join him as a volunteer on his yearly youth church retreat. TJ’s church took their elementary school parishoners to a retreat center, about an hour away, for a weekend of singing, crafts, and other tangentially-religious activities. TJ had attended as a child, and, for the past few years, he’d volunteered as a youth leader. Unwilling to spend an entire weekend away from Robbie, TJ had been delighted when he’d agreed to come along.

Now, they were both sitting toward the front of the bus, on opposite sides of the aisle. Though not exact, the retreat participants were generally arranged in order of increasing age, with the first graders sitting behind Robbie and TJ and the fifth graders occupying the seats in the back. TJ had told Robbie that they didn’t have to share seats with the kids, but he wanted them both to sit on the aisle, so they could be readily available.

The bus was an old school bus, with flat, bench seats. There were seat belts installed, but TJ was pretty sure that most of the kids hadn’t bothered putting them on. It had been a hard enough battle making sure that the kids stuck to sitting two per bench.

They weren’t long into the drive – despite what he’d said, the actual loading of the bus hadn’t taken too long – so they still had a little over 45 minutes to go. The bus was filled with cheerful chatter, but nothing overly loud or obnoxious.

Leaning back against the seat again, TJ allowed himself to become a bit distracted again. He hadn’t lied to Robbie, of course – loading the bus had been chaotic – but he was also focusing a little bit on his own body. Much to his own chagrin, TJ had to pee. It wasn’t bad, but he knew there was nothing he could do about it on the bus, a fact that made him more anxious than it would have a year ago.

He was fine. His need wasn’t urgent at all, but wetting yourself twice in a matter of weeks as an 18-year-old sticks with a guy.

It wasn’t even that he was worried about what Robbie would think. Over the course of the academic year, as he and Robbie had gotten to know each other, TJ had been more than a little surprised to find out how much they had in common. They were both problem-solvers, unwilling to just sit back in the face of a challenge. Granted, TJ’s skills were much more tangible and functional – first aid, navigating, and, obviously, building and engineering. In contrast, Robbie was a negotiator, a comforter, with social and verbal skills that TJ still marveled at.

It was quite a good match, really. In most given situations, TJ could fix things and Robbie could fix people.

With that thought, TJ smiled reflexively to himself. He loved and trusted TJ, and the gratitude he felt for this weekend they were about to spend together relaxed him momentarily.

That relaxation was abruptly shattered by a bone-rattling clap of thunder.

TJ jumped in his seat, and several children screamed. He wasn’t surprised to hear Robbie instantly respond with light, calming words.

TJ looked out the front window, and his stomach sank. Some of the darkest storm clouds he’d even seen loomed ahead, directly in their path. He pulled out his phone and quickly examined the forecast – sure enough, there was a bright red line of storms across the highway. The system wasn’t wide, thank goodness, but it looked rough.

The pastor was speaking in low tones to the bus driver, who was assuring him that it would be safe to drive through. TJ agreed with that assessment. It wouldn’t be fun, but the highway they were on wasn’t in a flood zone, so, as long as they went slowly, they weren’t at risk to get washed away.

Of course, the 40 or so six-to-eleven-year-olds on the bus might not feel quite as comforted.

Robbie locked eyes with TJ, who shrugged and nodded to communicate yes, they’d be going forward. Robbie nodded back, then stood in the middle of the aisle.

“Friends!” he called in a voice that was miraculously loud without ever being harsh. “I know that was some really loud thunder, and those clouds look scary, but we have the best bus driver in the whole world, and we are totally safe.”

All of the kids, both those teasing and those who were genuinely scared, had quieted at the sound of Robbie’s voice, so he continued.

“We’re gonna slow down a little bit when we get into the rain –“ In fact, rain was already starting to slap against the bus windows “- but we will get to Sunrise Acres really soon!”

Robbie had barely sat back down (the pastor smiled his thanks) when a small voice piped up.

“Mister TJ?”

TJ turned to see little Batman (whose real name was Davis) staring at him with wide eyes. “Can…can we sit with you? Me and Auggie don’t like thunderstorms.”

“Of course, buddy.” TJ could practically feel Robbie’s admiring gaze on him as he stood and shifted back to sit between the boys.

“Us, too!” Another pair of kids from across the aisle requested, and Robbie imitated TJ’s move to join the young boys.

The sky had darkened sharply, and rain lashed loudly against the bus. Cars in front of them had slowed, their hazard lights flashing red. Thunder, though not quick as loud as the first crack, boomed sporadically. They were going well below the speed limit, and TJ and Robbie both had first graders snuggled against their sides.

TJ squirmed slightly. The initial crash of thunder had snapped his nerves into high alert, which was not good for his bladder. Now, knowing that not only would their trip take substantially longer, but that he was functionally stuck in his seat, unable to do much to alleviate any urgency, TJ felt a lot worse about his chances than he had ten minutes ago.

“You OK?” Though quiet, Robbie’s question reached TJ in the now-quiet bus.

Attempting a smile, TJ turned to his boyfriend. He knew he couldn’t lie; just the fact that Robbie was asking in that tone meant that he’d already noticed TJ’s discomfort.

“I’m…a little disappointed that the trip is gonna take longer,” he explained vaguely.

Robbie’s shoulders slumped in sympathy, and TJ knew he’d gotten his point across. He felt his face warm with the veiled admission. He felt stupid and childish – he was fine, he knew he should be able to hold it for the rest of the ride, and nothing in Robbie’s response had given any indication of disgust or embarrassment.

Still, TJ felt his muscles tense slowly. He’d never explicitly discussed his accidents with Robbie, not even after Robbie had wet himself while hiking (TJ still felt awful). They were dating, so clearly Robbie wasn’t that bothered, but TJ couldn’t help but question himself now. Just the knowledge that it could happen, that wetting himself was far within the realm of possibility, made him feel nervous and unsteady.

There was a bright flash of lightning, followed by a near-simultaneous crash of thunder. Davis squeaked, and he and Auggie buried their faces under TJ’s arms. TJ looked across the aisle and saw that Robbie was in virtually the exact same pose.

TJ wasn’t sure how far they’d gone. It was too dark to recognize any of the landmarks around them, so he could only hope that they’d get through the storm soon. He pressed his legs together, frustrated at how much his need had grown over such a short time.

Staring forward, TJ thought he could see a tiny bit of light on the horizon, signaling that they were nearing the back edge of the storm system. He didn’t know how fast the clouds were moving, but the bus was traveling at about 25 miles per hour (much slower than the posted 65-mile-per-hour speed limit), and TJ estimated they only had about ten more minutes before the rain started to let up.

He was just about to tell Davis and Auggie that they were getting close when the loudest thunderclap yet shook the bus. Auggie – and half the kids on the bus, it sounded like – shrieked, and Davis started to cry.

Robbie, whose charges were huddled but comparatively calm, glanced over at TJ, who started rubbing Davis’ back.

“It’s OK, bud,” he murmured. “We’re almost out of the storm. You’re safe, I promise.”

Davis sniffled and mumbled something against TJ’s side.

“What was that, bud?”

Davis sniffled again, but lifted his face out of TJ’s shirt. “The thunder made me pee my pants,” he whispered, voice shaking.

TJ looked down and realized that he could feel wetness against the side of his leg. The sensation only worsened his own desperation, but he made sure not to show his discomfort to the boys.

“That’s OK,” he assured Davis quietly. “Thunder can be scary sometimes.”

Davis wiped his nose on the collar of his shirt and nestled under TJ’s arm.

“We’ll get you cleaned up when we get to the cabins,” TJ promised, squeezing his own thigh muscles as discreetly as possible.

Davis didn’t respond, so TJ just sighed quietly and sat back. He’d been right before; they were definitely close to coming out of the storm. The rain had lessened slightly, and TJ felt the bus speed up a little. Some of the older kids in the back had already noticed the decreased tension and had picked up some more casual conversations.

TJ breathed a sigh of relief a few minutes later when they officially crossed out of the storm. Driving out from under the clouds was like going from night to day. He felt Auggie straighten a bit beside him, though Davis kept leaning against his side.

He made eye contact with Robbie, who raised his eyebrows in a silent question of how TJ was doing. TJ raised and lowered one shoulder. He was definitely uncomfortable, but tried to convince himself that he’d be OK now that the bus was driving the speed limit again.

“Another half hour, guys!” the pastor called, resulting in a semi-sarcastic cheer from some of the students.

TJ shifted his hips. “What’s the plan when we get there?”

The pastor looked at his watch. “It’ll be nearly time for dinner by the time we get there – much closer than we intended, obviously. I think we’ll take the group straight to the dining hall and let the retreat staff supervise. We’ll sort out the bags and take them to their respective cabins.”

Nodding, TJ looked down at Davis, who was doing a poor job of pretending not to listen. “We might have a few kids who want to change before dinner,” he said, trying to be tactful.

The pastor leaned into the aisle a little and seemed to realize what TJ was implying. “No problem,” he said. “I’ll have Nurse Laurie take any kids who need it to change in the med building before dinner.”

TJ felt himself relax the slightest bit. He, Robbie, the pastor, and a few other high school volunteers were the only “grown-ups” on the bus, but there was a caravan following them with other parents and church staff. And that meant that TJ might not have to be wholly responsible for the kids and their stuff when they got to the retreat center.

Holding onto the thought that he could more or less run to a bathroom as soon as they arrived, TJ clenched his muscles to prepare for the remainder of the trip. Robbie gave him some comforting looks, but they didn’t talk much, as none of the first graders next to them seemed to be willing to let them return to their original seats.

Thankfully, the rest of the trip went as smoothly as possible. The sun was on its way down by the time they pulled onto the retreat center property, but it was still plenty light out to see all of the buildings.

“Now listen!” the pastor called as the bus pulled into the parking lot next to the dining hall. “We’re gonna go straight in to dinner. Please go to the bathroom to wash your hands first, and then we’ll pray before we eat. Volunteers, please make sure anyone who needs it goes with Nurse Laurie to the med building, which is right over there.” He pointed out the window to the smaller building next to the dining hall.

The ride had been tense, and virtually every passenger stood up as soon as the bus parked. Robbie looked eagerly at TJ, who was standing very stiffly. He desperately wanted to be able to hold himself but didn’t dare until all the kids were gone.

Sitting at the front meant they got to be some of the first ones off the bus, which helped. TJ clenched his jaw as he climbed down the steep bus steps, and nearly groaned when he felt himself leak. He quickly pushed aside the shameful sensation and looked around, still holding Davis’ hand.

The adults from the cars behind them were already pulled luggage from the storage spaces under the bus and sorting it into piles. Smiling retreat staff were waiting off to the side, ready to usher the group into the dining hall. TJ spotted the nurse and led his little friend over to her.

Nurse Laurie, who TJ knew from pretty much all his previous trips to this retreat, smiled and took Davis’ hand. “Hi, buddy! We’ll get you ready for dinner in no time.” She turned to TJ. “Can you find his bag?”

TJ was nodding before he could even consider the implications of the extra minutes it would take to find Davis’ luggage and bring it to the nurse. He wouldn’t have said no, of course, but he really didn’t have any time to spare.

Next to the bus, Robbie had already joined the luggage-identification process. TJ felt a surge of affection for his boyfriend. Robbie wasn’t just tagging along to spend time with him; he was really helping out in any way he could.

Robbie smiled encouragingly, if concernedly, as TJ approached. In response, TJ could only manage a slight grimace. He needed to go so badly, and not being able to physically hold himself was agonizing.

“Just go,” Robbie whispered.

Nearly tearing up at his boyfriend’s concern, TJ shook his head. “I need to get Batman’s bag.”

“I’ll get it,” Robbie insisted. “His last name is Holland, right? Just go. We’ve got this.”

Overwhelmed with gratitude, TJ considered kissing Robbie, but decided against it. Instead, he jogged off toward the volunteer cabin.

As he rounded a corner, TJ grasped frantically at his crotch. He’d chosen this route in an instant, knowing that there would be lines in the dining hall bathrooms and, this way, he could hold himself and be much less likely to be seen.

TJ stumbled through the door of the familiar cabin, fruitlessly trying to hold back the leaks that were springing against his hand. He slammed open the door to the bathroom, but it was too late. Being out of sight of everyone else and in sight of a bathroom, was too much, and his bladder gave out entirely.

Moaning unconsciously, TJ curled forward. Streams of warm liquid snaked down both of his legs, pooling on the old, tile floor. The toilet was right in front of him, but the shame of having already wet himself was paralyzing, and he made no effort to move in front of the bowl.

The entire cabin was silent, save for the sound of a few final drips of urine trickling onto the floor from TJ’s wet pants. He drew in a deep, shaky breath before reaching for the paper towel dispenser.

His movements were almost robotic. He felt completely empty, not just physically, but emotionally. He didn’t cry, or even tear up. He was the Tin Man, his bladder and his chest utterly hollow.

TJ wiped up the puddle on the floor, even going so far as to wet some paper towels in the sink and run them over the tile to try to clean any stickiness. Once the floor was cleaned, however, he stopped.

Standing in the middle of the bathroom, wet pants clinging to his legs, TJ realized that he couldn’t do anything else. His bag was still back with the bus, so he couldn’t change, and he certainly wasn’t going to risk going out to find it. Not looking like this.

Shoulders slumped, TJ slunk outside. The sun hadn’t completely set yet, but the east side of the building was shadowed. TJ slid down against the outer wall of the building, burying his head in his arms.

“Teej?”

Robbie’s voice came from inside the cabin, and it occurred to TJ that he hadn’t shut the front door behind him. Rude.

Before he had time to respond, Robbie appeared around the side of the building.

“Hey,” Robbie murmured, joining him on the ground.

“I had an accident.” TJ wasn’t quite sure why he felt the need to say that out loud. Robbie knew the situation, and it was still plenty light enough for him to see the stain all down TJ’s pants.

Robbie was silent for a moment, and TJ looked up to see his boyfriend gazing at him with a look of unadulterated tenderness. He opened his mouth to say something, but TJ spoke first.

“I know,” he promised, anticipating what Robbie was going to say. “I’m not…I know you don’t care. I know you’re not gonna break up with me or think I’m gross or…”

TJ trailed off. He wasn’t as good with words as Robbie, and he couldn’t quite describe what he was feeling.

After a moment, Robbie spoke softly. “I’m glad you know that.” He had the barest of smiles on his face. “It means I’ve done something right this year.”

TJ’s lips twitched, but he was still feeling to empty to smile properly.

Robbie reached out and brushed the back of TJ’s hand lightly. “So what can I do?”

TJ tilted his head to the side, and Robbie took the signal to scoot closer, his shoulder pressed against TJ’s. TJ leaned over, resting his cheek against the top of Robbie’s head.

“I don’t know if you can,” he said honestly. Robbie squeezed his hand, but didn’t say anything, so TJ continued. “I know you don’t care,” he repeated, “but I’ve…I’ve pissed myself three times now.”

His voice started to shake, and he inhaled to steady it. “It’s not just in front of you. It’s that I’ve done it at all.”

TJ finally felt himself start to tear up. “I’m eighteen, damnit. I’m not supposed to be wetting myself at all, much less three whole times, dead sober, awake…”

Verbalizing his accumulated shame from the past several months made TJ feel like his sternum was cracking in half. Robbie shifted even closer, holding TJ’s hand between both of his.

“I don’t like it,” TJ said, “and I don’t know if I can feel better right now, because I’m an 18-year-old guy who’s pissed himself three times since September, and…”

He sighed, learning into Robbie. “I don’t like it.”

Robbie was still quiet, gently stroking TJ’s hand. TJ felt drained, even though he hadn’t spoken that much.

“OK.”

TJ was too tired to sit up, but he wrinkled his eyebrows at Robbie’s simple statement. “What?”

“OK,” Robbie repeated. He turned his head to kiss TJ’s shoulder. “I won’t try to talk you out of being upset, but I will stay with you and do whatever I can to keep you from feeling worse.”

Now, TJ did sit up, almost awed, but Robbie’s face was utterly guileless. “You…how…”

Robbie’s eyes sparkled with affection. “Teej, you know if I had my way, you’d never be sad, ever, but that’s not how life works. So I will be here in whatever capacity you want me to, but I’m not going to deny you your right to be unhappy.”

Now, the tears filling TJ’s eyes were ones of love and gratitude rather than humiliation. He pressed his forehead against Robbie’s, unable to verbally express how perfect Robbie’s support was in that moment.

The pair stayed like that for a few minutes, Robbie keeping his promise to do whatever TJ needed him to. Finally, TJ drew in a deep breath and raised his head.

“I have to change,” he mumbled.

Robbie nodded, kissed TJ quickly, then pushed himself up so he could help TJ to his feet. They walked into the cabin, where Robbie had brought both his and TJ’s bags from the bus.

TJ grabbed his bag and headed toward the bathroom. “You go ahead to dinner. I think I’m gonna jump in the shower.”

He gave Robbie a half-smile, signaling that he was okay enough to be left alone. “See you down there?”

Robbie smiled, but didn’t move. “No way. I’m gonna wait right here, and we’ll go down together.”

TJ paused in the doorway of the bathroom, then grinned.

“OK.”

He shut the door behind him, still smiling.

Together.

