Brithney's Body guard is bursting

Author: sexappeal

*000*2025-03-02 14:32

It is well known that Britney S. was caught by paparazzi while using a loo at a gas station on a highway. It was embarrassing for her to have been observed even when she really needed a pee stop during a trip. This real event suggested me a fantasy story.

First part: starting the game

Britney S., after being disturbed by paparazzi, engaged a body guard. A wery well built in young male in its early thirty. She was attracted by his muscles and fascinating aspect. She secretly would have loved to have sex with him. She even masturbated herself in bed, dreaming to ride her body guard from top, in cow-girl style, how it is convenient to a celebrity as she was. Mainly orgasming while denying him to realease his cum, a fantasy which made she crazy. But she was also conscious that fucking him would not have been a good idea. Never to mix profession and pleasure. So, sex would not have been an option. However, Britney tought that a soft sexual harassment could have been equally satisfactory for her. Thus, she would have had the possibility to masturbate again, on a real episode.

The event became possible few days later. Britney had to move from the est to the west cost of USA for attending several meetings related to her profession. She would have traveled in her limousine, driven by her body guard. And she would have arranged things to make him desperate to pee...a fetish she had since teen-ager.

After few hours driving, Britney asked to the driver to stop at a gas station, since she had to pee. The car stopped, close to the toilets. Once again, paparazzi, who were following the car, jumped out to take a picture of Britney needing to pee. However, this time she was not alone, but protected by her body guard. He was standing out of the toilet, with crossed arms, showing his muscels, while Britney was inside making her business. Paparazzi could not take pictures. Britney went out clearly relieved. He accompanied her to the car. Then he hesitated, looking to the toilets. He was on the verge to say something like: "Britney, do you mind if I, ... ehm, leave you alone just one minute, ehm, ... I just need a quick...". Britney did not leave him to finish his frase. "Please, dear," she said, pretending not to having understood, "we have to leave soon, the trip is long, and we are already late".

He looked worried when he restarted the car. It seemed to Britney that he quickly squeezed his cock through his jeans. Britney felt her panties slightly damped. Her game was going to become very interesting. They were only at the very begin of a trip that was promising to become unforgettable for both of them.

(To be continued)


