Squirt game

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-12-16 21:28

Faylee open her eyes. She slowly sits up, she's right now on the ground. She looks around, and there is a lot of people laying on the ground sleeping, but most of them wakes up at the same time as she does. All of them are in a tight fitting white shirt and clear gray leggings. Boys P's and girls slit and breasts are not hidden by the clothes, they are even more alluring or appealing that they would in common clothes. There is also some boys that have a cunt and some girls that have a P too, of course, and in fact some of the beings aren't boy or girl even, but they are still here and in tight clothes, nonetheless.

"Hello, what's your name?" A blond girl near her asks.

"I'm Faylee. And you?" She replies.

"I'm Akira." She answers. "Do you know why we are here for?"

"No. But it is really scary tho." Faylee replies, trying to tie correctly her wandering red hairs.

Suddenly a door opens, in two parts like in a spaceship lock or something, it looks futuristic and modern. Some figures in armored suits like space soldiers of some sort walks, and the one of the five that are here wears unlike the others that are white, a black helmet that looks terrifying, but at the same time it looks like a black hole, not invisible but really deforming the light coming behind it and looking like a bulb, an effect that don't seems out of context with the soldiers and the door, altho the people are truly scared of it.

The time passes slowly, the soldiers watch the people's surprise and fearfulness.

"What are we here for?" Someone tries to shout at them.

The soldiers look right a him, it's a black plumb guy, in a nerdy shirt.

"You don't have the scoring to get that reply for now." A shady voice replies inside the black helmet, in deformed and shatter robotic tone.

The silence gets back and scares them all.

"What are we going to do?" Faylee subtly asks to Akira.

"I guess they would have killed us if they wanted to." She thinks out loud.

They look at the soldiers again.

"Would you hurt us?" Akira shouts.

"That is not the objective of the program." The dark voice replies.

"You don't have right to do a thing with us! Bunch of crooks, it is outlawed anything of what you have done to us by far already!" Someone else disproves and gets angry.

The hidden figure brings a wand from their back, and point it at the young woman, and the next instant, she is magically lifted up and brought close to the soldiers, then the black helmet does a movement with their arm to put her back on her feet.

The crowd is scared of what is going to happen to her.

"You have deserved a punishment." The darklord says.

"No I'm sorry I-" She panics.

The second after the voice spoke they point on her their wand again, a ray sound is hearable, and suddenly her gray leggings starts to get wet from her crotch, her legs get small wet stripes from her private parts and the patch grows more and more. It stop soons after it started, but just enough for everyone of the crowd to have seen what she done.

The woman looks down, still unsure about her senses, but she felt it right, her thighs are wet, she gone herself, when everyone is staring a her. She becomes red and feels incredibly humiliated, and starts crying like a kid.

Every people are quiet, they have been scared of what could happen to her, then they are comforted that she is okay, but they really wouldn't like to be at her place right now.

"I-" She cries, someone in the crowd do like a wow sound or something then she gets angry a bit. "It's not me!! I'm toilet trained!!!" She blushes, and turn at the soldiers. "That is ugly!!" She adds, speaking about what she had been made done.

"I wouldn't had thought you would ask for more smites." The dark helmet says.

They point on her their wand once more, and a ray sound is hearable.

"Your pelvic muscles fitness have been reduced by 50%." The voice adds.

"No, please! I'm sorry!! I don't mean it!!!" She cries.

The black helmet use their wand to lift the woman and place back where she were. After a little silence, no one interfere with the scene, and the dark helmet takes the voice again.

"You are all here for a reason. You can't know why yet. But an advice I would told to you is that you better comply, unless you wanna be humiliated like her." The dark voice explains.

The dark helmet strikes the ground with their wand and all people's clothes disappear in a instant. Everyone covers their private parts, altho some don't care at all.

Then they do again, and everyone's clothes are back again. The woman that have been punish still have her wet leggings, so the clothes are the same changed. Faylee and Akira didn't had time to look at themselves, otherwise they would be quite red by now.

"This is only dusts of what I am capable to do. If you're wandering about your consent, well now you may ask yourself why you accepted already. Some of you received a strange mail. Some a letter. Some a direct well-clear-to-be-read contract, and aren't unhappy to be here. But you all agreed to be. Everything that will or could happen here were not hidden. But like everyone you just don't care about terms and conditions of use. So what ever product you drank or eaten, your felt asleep and your position was shown to us by a plotter, you have consumed the contract and now everything is going to be done. You will know why. But after the program."

Everyone feels stupid. They may should have be more cautious of what they are doing with products and stuff. Faylee is scared to provoke the soldiers, but she burns to have more precisions.

"But what if we don't complain in long term? I mean I will submit myself of course but if I had made a friend here and they happen to be bad behaving would they be hurt?" She asks.

The dark helmet draws their wand right at her, but nothing happens actually. She feels like the dark helmet is opening her mind like we open a book, to see if she is honest, but the spacesoldier only finds in her genuine curiosity and fearness.

"The traits of your soul are not mixable with these kind of people anyways. Don't worry Faylee, you will be certainly one of the less scoundrels."

She sighs quietly in relief that nothing bad happen for her, and mostly not surprised that they know her name already. Akira looks at her, and she hugs her.

"Thank you." She says after receiving the sweet hug. "I really needed this, it is really scary."

"Let's stay friends okay? It would be better for us." She answer.

Faylee nods yes. Then they focus on the space suits again.

"Now we need you to make separated groups. Those who thinks they are fit and can fight well, you go with Mars." The dark voice order.

A soldier with a sword on their bust walks sparse from the rest of the soldiers. Some people shyly walks and emerge around them, close to the soldier.

"Those who thinks they are good merchants and traders, you go with Hermes." The dark helmet continues.

A soldier with a flower on their chest form a group with some of the crowd. Faylee and Akira glance at eachother, but they read in their eyes they won't go there too.

"Those who thinks they are smart, you go with Athena."

The process repeats, a group of people form a team with a soldier, this one have a tower icon. Faylee looks at Akira, and she knows she's that type, but she wouldn't like to be separated from her new friend. She looks at her a bit sad and sorry.

"It's nice! I'm smart too!" Akira smiles at her at her surprise.

"What really?" Faylee asks.

"Yes. Why? I don't look like a nerd, huh?" She smirks.

Faylee blushes, and Akira giggles. They get to the group of people in front of the strategy solider.

"Those who likes to create and produce weapons, you go with Hephaestus." The dark voice ends.

The last soldier have a hammer on their chest. The four groups start to walks following the corresponding space soldier, and our two friends do the same and stay in the movement.

"Don't ever forget I see everything, I feel everything, I hear everything, and I know everything. You better not try to lie to me in anyway. The punishment of your dues will be tremendous." They warn the crowd.

After a walking, Faylee and Akira finds themselves in a office area filled with desks. The solder let them here, and close the door, then they sit on a chair in a survey room, that have a glass that show everything happens in the office room. The soldier press a button, and a counter appears on a screen, with red digital number on a black plane. Aside of it there is the sentence "Time before bathroom break:" and the time is 1:59:58 and lowering, means there is two hours before a break, which leads to meaning that they can't leave the room before the time is finished. The computers of the desks turn on, and some colors appears.

"Well, I hope you won't need to go too soon then!" Akira says a bit afraid. "I know I will."

"No it's okay, maybe we can be fast and finish before the time is up. They will certainly let us a free time after that." She wanders.

"I hope so, you're making me having expectations, let's think you said right..." She confess.

They come by the desk and look at the computer's screens, there is a game with soldiers and alien giant spiderish-scarabs, attacking a base and some troops.

Faylee, strongly attracted to that type of games, grabs the chair and sit in front of an office, eager to know what the space people wants from them. She get her hand on the mouse and the keyboard, and with the arrows she slides the camera around the map.

Akira sits, a bit reluctant, not specially attracted to games in general and even more hard games like RTS where only the meta of the game is important and she can't construct enough economy buildings like a city builder she would prefer. They look around the map, and see there is two sides, crossed by a river, the further side of the map is mountainous and the closer is desertic, when they zoom in they can see the tiny units and the huge size of the game.

$$

"What do we have to do?" Akira asks. "I don't understand a thing."

"Find the base and produce units." Faylee replies.

"How to even do that?" She asks clueless.

"Press shift." She answer.

Akira press a tile of the keyboard and a cyan/light blue base is now at the center of the screen and a spaceship flying over it. Faylee on her side, finds that on the edge of the screen there is a counter of roughly 2 hours 30 minutes with the name of "The Hive Anger", lowering slowly, and nearby there is names of players. "Computer 1", "Computer 2", all that up to the 8 desks there is in the place. She controls herself navy blue units, and that they are all in the same team.

"Okay I know what game it is like, it looks quite original to me but the UI is inspiring me confidence, the game looks like Zero-k and Airmech Strike, I know exactly what to do to win." She explains.

"Alright, let's try that. I would not like to end like the girl that wet her leggings." She says.

"I don't think we would be punish if we lose, but we can't know, still a great idea to try our best." She explains.

She select her leader and see its UI, like many games she knows, there is actions, but also the leader can construct on its own. She place a light archer aside of her command center, and after a few seconds, the archer tower is finished. If she would describe it looks a bit like a medieval setup, players start from hunter-gatherers to spacesuited infantry, with archers, tanks, all stuff of human's history. She look at the resources and the fast movements her leader does when she input on her keyboard, and she understand the game is a clever mix between small tactical skirmish battles and global ordering of gigantic armies.

"What do I do?" Akira asks.

"When you press shift you switch from RTS view to hero-centered camera, you can order units to follow you and get with them to the battlefields." She explains.

She grabs a few group of units and get with them exploring the area, but soon enough she see the tanks and rovers are slowed by the sand in the desertic area she comes across. She decides to try to avoid it and follow along the river. She finds the base of AVA on the bridge of the river, a central AI that is colored in red, made of futuristic robots, and is defending itself against aliens.

"I request help on sector F5!" The AI send in the chat.

After some minutes she finds out that the AI have been made to have pre done messages, when she hits ctrl, a fast call wheel system appears, with that she can ask for defense, help, attack, supply, and everything needed for cooperation. On the top of the User Interface there is the global battle progress, and since they started playing the game it got from 44-56 to 37-63. There is also when she wander her cursor on the bar a strong description of the battle status: numbers of units price used, lost, destroyed, every detail is there. The numbers says she have done 39% of her team's war effort, AVA is 43% and the rest of the 7 others share the 18 lasting percentage, most of them around 2.5 and Akira at 3.

She can't stand the pressure of the frontline alone with AVA anymore, and she gets up.

"Okay everyone I know how to win this! Just listen to me and we can still win this battle!" She shout.

"Why would you know better than me? You're a girl!" A nerdy guy with dirty hairs says.

"Well look at my K/D then." She smiles. "You can be sexist if you want, but anyways you're pathetic at the game. So shut your mouth."

She zoom out and look at the map.

"We need to gather more pressure at the front line via the road. Someone can take initiative to build boats and someone else make more ranged units, so we can stay back a bit, I won't hold much longer alone here." She orders.

She can click a key and draws on the map, the plans of her actions. She gets back to her base, and when she select her units, she is amazed.

They can hold multiple items in their inventory of 3 slots, they can construct structures and change the terrain shape with axes or pickaxes. She also discovered that when trees' leaves disappear, they have a small chance to drop a sapling behind them, that is possible to plant and obtain a new tree again after a time. Time passes and there is a daylight cycle. She can also plant crops.

She glance at the status bar and it is barely holding in place, meaning their team is still flimsy, or lost too many power/time being inefficient early game. She still manage to make her 1800's infantry gunners and canons to survive against the endless waves of aliens, surely helped and healed by AVA, so she hopes the point of end is not reached already.

Suddenly, the road in middle of the sector C4 explodes, and a flow of the insectoid aliens get out of the hole. She almost instantly feel the change as the frontline is barely supplied by now.

"Well, I thought we were not behind the point of no return, but look like the game it set already." She says glancing at Akira.

"Don't don't say that, the game is not finished yet!" She tries to stay confident.

Akira tries to build a wall to protect the bridge from the tarantula of the river, while some scarab flies directly on the bridge and attack them.

"I would like help Faylee!" She says a bit overloaded by the pressure of the frontline.

Akira clenches her legs together and wiggles them, she don't actually realize as she is strongly concentrated on the game but she does have to pee. The stress of the situation is a bit accelerating her bladder fillment, and it's not like she is the strongest when it comes to capacity at the first place. Faylee needs to go a bit too, but less than her.

"I'm here!" She comforts her.

She observe her soldiers wearing elytras and landing right by her side, switching to their rifle and shoot at the monsters that explodes on the attacks.

"Thank you!" She replies.

Faylee wander on the map and tries to understand how the monsters could seize the point after the bridge without going by the frontline. After a moment studying how the camera works she find that there is a level, the ground is not a plane, she seen it could be edited at its surface but now she can enter the hole of where the monsters came from, and see that the came is in 3 dimensions, she can lead the free camera inside the cave a bit but the fog of war retrain her sight. She decides to send an expedition after researching the oil prospector, to sense the gallery the enemy made.

She lead well an army helped by some other players while Akira and some of the rest of players tries to stand on their own at the surface.

Then Akira touch her shoulder, which makes her get out of the game for a bit.

"What?" She asks to Akira's red blushing face.

"I really really gotta go now..." She says. "I have to pee so bad..." She confess to her friend.

"Oh no..." She looks at the clock, it is only 30 minutes from the end. "You almost made it yet... But if you can't hold it anymore, I guess you should just let go." She advices her.

"Yes, I really would like to, but we are not able to take the bathroom break already." She says.

"Indeed, just go yourself right now." She tells her.

"What? No! I don't wanna be all wet. And mess the furnitures also." She denies.

"What are you scared of, just get off you leggings a bit, pee your chair or on the floor, no one will know, and it's a plastic chair and the false flooring."

She tap on the ground with a feet. The material is linoleum wood pattern flooring, she knows that because her shoes do less noises than on actual wood.

"Well. I don't think I would hold it any much longer anyway." She admit.

"Wait, I've seen a water dispenser over there, I can help you pee in a cup if you wanna." She proposes.

"You would do that for me?" Akira is surprise.

"Yes. It's not much. In fact, it arouses me a lot." Confess Faylee.

"Oh I see. Now that you mention it it gets me going too." She smirks. "I'm your pee pet so, huh?" She giggles.

"Shhh!" She puts a finger on her mouth. "We wouldn't want the headmaster to know we can't be punished!" She says quietly.

"But we can still tho. It would be humiliating to be wet in front of everyone." She is afraid of that.

"Well, it slightly turns me on to be forced to wet in front of everyone like how they did to the girl early, I have something that is called a pee fetish, I like every things around it, wetting, holding, stuff, but really don't talk to anyone about it okay? The dark being is certainly gonna find a way to hurt me if they know and I don't want that, I'll act like I'm humiliated whenever they would punish me so I'm not actually feeling bad. You would keep me my secret right?" She asks.

"Yes, of course. And you will help my pee-needing-self to find a way to relieve me." Akira says.

"Deal." Faylee replies with a smiles.

