Nature`s Call -- A Love Live Story Starring Umi

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-12-05 05:41

Yet another Umi commission from @Zenkopan

! This one stars Umi on a camping trip with her family deep in the woods where there's no access to proper facilities. 

Nature's Call 

Umi felt a light fall breeze flitter through her hair as she stepped through the winding trail before her. Leaves crunched under her feet and twigs and grass brushed against her long socks. She was kitted out in full hiking garb, thick tan pants and a dark blue button-down worn over a white t-shirt, and a backpack full of supplies strapped to her back. 

She paused for a moment and turned around, grabbing a large water bottle strapped to the side of her bag as she did so. She took a swig and glanced back at her parents, who were also accompanying her on the hike. 

Her mother was right behind her, still wearing clothes appropriate for an outdoor hike, with khaki pants and a matching high-waist jacket, and a white shirt underneath. Missing was the well-stuffed backpack, though the man behind her, wearing a brown coat and thick jeans, and stomping around in hiking boots, was carrying a bag big enough for the both of them. 

“Honey, could you pass me my water bottle?” Umi’s mom smiled. 

“Of course, here,” her father replied, handing her a large, half-full bottle. 

Umi’s mother joined Umi in taking a few swigs, and as the two finished, they all stopped and looked around. Around them was a thick, lush forest, tucked between the more mountainous areas around them. In the distance, the sounds of a steady-flowing river could be heard. 

The Sonada family was on a family vacation to one of their favorite hiking destinations. This forest was a rather unknown and rugged spot that Umi’s father had learned about when he was a kid from some locals, and he had kept it a secret outside of the Sonada family for years. Occasionally locals who knew the trail would also come up here, but other than that it was a very quiet and private trail. Perfect for Umi and the family, who loved to come up here and spend time together, in tune with nature and away from their usual troubles. 

Umi’s father placed his hands above his eyes like a visor and squinted up through the trees at the grey-white clouds above. 

“It’s a little overcast, but I don’t think it’s going to rain. It’s nice shade.” 

Umi’s mother nodded, “It’s definitely better than if we had gone over the summer, it would be brutal out here at this time of day.” 

“Speaking of, when are we stopping for lunch?” Umi asked. 

Her dad looked down at his watch and then looked up at the trail in front of them, “Soon. If I’m remembering right, there’s a nice clearing about fifteen to twenty minutes down the trail that would make for the perfect picnic spot, unless you’re both too hungry to wait that long?” 

“No, that works for me,” Umi nodded. 

“I’d definitely rather wait, if it’s such a lovely place to stop,” Umi’s mother smiled. 

“It is! Unless of course I’m mistaking this trail for the other one,” Umi’s dad joked. 

Umi and her mom laughed and shook their heads, all enjoying the calm atmosphere and the sights and signs of nature around them. Umi’s mother handed her water bottle back to her husband and stretched. Umi put her own water bottle away, stretching her legs and starting down the trail again. 

“Oh, Umi,” her mother called, seeing her start setting off, “Could you wait one more moment, I was going to make a quick pit stop.” 

Umi stopped and turned around, seeing her mother shuffling slightly, clearly less from desperation and more just to illustrate her need. Umi then felt a twinge from her own bladder. They had been hiking all morning without stopping, and Umi had been filling up, both from the tea she drank, but also from the water she was sipping down to stay hydrated on the long trail. 

“A-actually, I kind of need to go too,” Umi admitted. 

“‘Kind of’? You don’t have to be shy, we’ve been out on the trail for hours,” her mother teased. 

“I’m not shy,” Umi blushed, “I’m serious, I have to go a bit, but I could definitely hold it until lunch. Though, since we’re stopping anyway, we might as well go together.” 

“Alright, whatever you say, honey,” her mother smiled. Umi was telling the truth, but it was clear her mother thought she was saving face. 

Umi sighed and followed after her mom as the two headed just off the trail. They were less concerned with cover as they weren’t likely to get caught by anyone else with how remote the trail was, so really it was just to put distance between them and Umi’s father. As such, it didn’t take them long to find a relatively suitable spot. 

Umi’s mom danced in place slightly as she quickly unfastened her belt and pants. Umi hadn’t noticed any signs that her mom needed to pee before, but it was clear she was more than eager to go. Umi saw no reason to wait or put any distance between her and her mother, and so she simply unbuckled her own pants right next to her. 

Umi’s mother dropped and squatted first, her stream gushing out of her loudly as she tilted her head back and let out a relieved sigh. She had squatted behind a tree, and her stream splashed and trickled loudly against its roots. Umi squatted down next, her stream sprayed against a small rock embedded in the ground next to the tree, making a much more loud patter as it struck the hard surface. Both streams flowed down, eager to find the thirsty ground, and foamed slightly as they settled on the dirt.

“I don’t know about you, but I really needed that,” Umi’s mother sighed, “I’m definitely getting older. Holding it through a hike like this used to be no trouble for me.” 

“Yeah,” Umi nodded in agreement, taking in the relief. 

Umi hadn’t really felt much before, but now that she was letting it out, she realized how full her bladder had gotten. She had subconsciously pushed the need to the back of her mind since she was having so much fun on the hike. She wouldn’t say she had been anywhere near desperate, but she was definitely glad they had stopped. 

With the two of them peeing, the ground had quickly saturated with water, and the pee flowing down began to quickly pool at the base of the tree. Umi’s mother stopped mid-stream and adjusted her position so her feet stayed out of the growing puddle. Umi merely opted to let the puddle flow around her shoes. They were hiking boots anyway, and she didn’t think she could stop her stream as easily as her mom had. 

After a few more moments, Umi’s stream trickled off and stopped, and Umi’s mom stopped soon after as well. She let out one final contented sigh, and then turned to Umi. 

“Oh, I forgot to grab the toilet paper from your father before we left. You have some in your bag, right?” 

“Yup, I’ll get it.” 

Umi stood up awkwardly, pants still pulled down and her hips arched forwards so she wouldn’t drip onto her pants or panties between her legs. She slung her bag over her shoulder and fished around in her bag until she found the pack of biodegradable toilet paper, folded neatly in a resealable plastic bag to keep it dry. She grabbed a few sheets and handed them to her mom, who was still squatting on the ground waiting, before she took a few for herself and quickly began wiping herself down. 

As soon as she was clean, she dropped the paper into their collective puddle in a wad, and it quickly wicked up their pee until it was saturated and mushed down into a wet blob. Her mother had also wiped herself up, and tossed the tissue on top of Umi’s, forming a pee-soaked wad that would wash away harmlessly when it next rained. 

Umi then pulled up her pants and panties, adjusting her position to be less awkward now that she was cleaned and properly clothed. Her mother stood up and pulled her own pants up in a swift, elegant movement, fastening her pants quickly. 

“Here,” Umi offered her mother a dab of hand sanitizer in the absence of a proper sink to wash their hands. Not a moment later, they were headed back to where they had left Umi’s dad. 

“Sorry about that, I really had to go,” Umi’s mother admitted openly to her husband upon their return. 

“No worries, I’m actually gonna take a leak too,” he replied, “Was just waiting for you two to get back.” 

“Alright, but before you do, can you pass me my water again please?” Umi’s mom asked. 

Umi’s dad nodded and once again handed Umi’s mother her water bottle, “Eager to fill up so soon?” 

“Oh stop it! I’m just staying hydrated.” 

Umi’s dad laughed at the reaction as he headed off into the woods, and Umi’s mom took a long swig from her water bottle. Umi herself had drank plenty before their pit stop, so she took the time to look around. There was a squirrel climbing a tree nearby, and a few birds were chirping. Umi could also hear the distant cawing of a crow, but she couldn’t spot it from here. 

It didn’t take her dad long to return, and once he stepped back onto the trail, they were off. Despite his joking from before, Umi’s dad had in fact remembered the trail correctly, and about fifteen minutes of light hiking later, the three emerged into a clearing where the trees gave way to soft grass, and light shined down from the overcast sky above. 

“This really is the perfect spot for a picnic!” Umi’s mother gushed. 

“Worth the wait, huh?” Umi’s father smiled. 

“It is lovely here,” Umi agreed. This really was a picturesque spot to eat lunch. 

“Umi, come help me unpack the food,” her father beckoned, setting down his large pack. 

Umi helped her father lay out the picnic blanket in the clearing and unpack their lunches, and soon the whole Sonada family was munching away happily as they enjoyed being out in nature. A few birds came by, likely attracted by the food, and Umi’s mom grabbed some mixed seeds from the larger backpack and fed them. 

Umi’s dad also grabbed a large container of green tea he had brought for them all to share, and passed it around. Umi poured some into a small travel cup and eagerly gulped it down, the last time she hydrated being after their pit stop. She also grabbed her water bottle and took a long swig of water. 

Umi didn’t mind the hustle and bustle of the city, and especially since she became a member of μ's, she definitely spent a lot of time there. However, out here, hiking in the middle of nature with her family, was always the most comfortable and cozy for her. After her meal, she sat there quietly, watching the birds and other animals fly and climb the trees around them. She watched the gentle breeze rustle the leaves around them, and watched the wispy grey clouds above as they rolled on through. 

They rested at the clearing for a little over an hour before finally deciding to pack up and continue on. The Sonada family still had the rest of the trail to go, and they also had plans to go canoeing later. Luckily, the trail they were on looped back to their campsite, and they had hiked the better part of it before stopping for lunch. While Umi and her family had been hiking all morning, it only took them another couple of hours to finish the loop and make their way back to where they had set up camp. 

Their camp was an old camp ground that had long since fallen out of popular use. Any facilities that used to be there had either been removed or torn down, though it was clear it was pretty bare-bones even before it had been basically abandoned. It wasn’t the kind of campsite with official maps or buildings and roads that people could easily access. Though, that suited Umi’s family perfectly. 

To get here, they had to drive up a dirt road and park a few kilometers away, then haul their tents and camping equipment the rest of the way. They had two tents set up now. A larger one for Umi’s parents, and a smaller one across the clearing for Umi herself. A canoe sat inverted by the rest of their supplies, and there was a pit in the center for building a campfire. On all sides, large trees overhung most of the clearing and offered a cozy canopy of shade. 

“Did you two want to go canoeing right away, or should we wait a bit? I know we’ve been going all morning,” Umi’s dad asked. 

“Let’s wait. I could definitely use a rest,” Umi’s mom suggested. 

“It might be nicer if we go out later, closer to sunset,” Umi agreed. 

“Works for me. In that case, I’m going to take a little nap.” 

With that decided, Umi also went back into her tent to rest, though she had no intention of napping. Instead, she sat down, grabbing her water bottle and taking a long swig to settle in after the long hike. She decided that while she was out here in nature, she should use the inspiration to write some songs for μ's, so she grabbed her notebook and began working. 

*** 

Umi had managed to finish a few rough drafts for some songs by the time the late afternoon rolled around. Of course she’d have to run them by Maki later and adjust things depending on the music, but for now, she felt particularly accomplished. She let out a contented sigh and a stretch and reached for her water bottle to take another sip, only to find it empty. Since she had finished writing, and it was probably around the time they should head out anyway, Umi climbed out of her tent. 

“Ah, perfect timing,” Umi’s mother smiled. She was sitting at the edge of the clearing, leaned right up against a tree with a blanket underneath her and a book in her hands. “I was just about to go wake your father.” 

“No need,” he called as he crawled out of the tent, letting out a yawn as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes. 

“Oh, wonderful!” Umi’s mother smiled, “Shall we go, then?” 

“Sure, just give me a sec, I’m gonna go to the bathroom real quick, and then we can start packing up the canoe,” Umi’s dad motioned over his shoulder to the woods behind them. He then began heading off down a short trail to relieve himself. 

Naturally, such a rugged, barebones camp site didn’t have any toilets or facilities, so they had been making due by going off into the woods and finding suitable spots far enough away from the campsite. 

Umi’s mother turned to her, “I just went myself not too long ago, but do you need to go?” 

Umi gauged her level of need, but didn’t feel like she needed to pee. “No, I’m fine.” 

“Are you sure?” Umi’s mother asked, “There’s no need to be shy, you know.” 

“I’m not being shy, I really don’t need to go.” 

“Hm? Really?” Umi’s mother asked, teasingly, “Because earlier you also said you didn’t really need to go, but when we finally went, you peed as much as me, and I was getting pretty full.” 

Umi blushed, not realizing her mother had paid that much attention to her peeing from before, but she still shook her head. 

“I’m serious, I don’t need to go,” Umi insisted, “I come on these hiking trips all the time, I’m used to peeing out in the woods. It doesn’t embarrass me.” 

“Well, if you say you’re fine,” Umi’s mother nodded, though with a tone that indicated she still wasn’t entirely convinced by her daughter. 

Umi let out a light sigh. She really was perfectly comfortable peeing out in the woods, as long as there was ample privacy like in a remote area like this. There was a time where she had been a little shy about it, right when her parents had started taking her on the more advanced trails rather than the beginner trails that were well-maintained with bathrooms and other facilities, but out of necessity and practicality, she quickly grew out of that. There was always a bit of residual apprehension and feeling of being exposed, but apart from that, Umi was fine peeing in the woods when she needed to go. Of course, that wasn’t going to stop her mother from teasing her. 

Turning her attention back to preparing for their canoe outing, Umi started by heading over to their supplies and refilling her water bottle with purified, filtered water from a large camping canister. She took a few swigs before turning her attention to the canoe. She reached in and grabbed 

By the time her dad returned from the woods, she had gotten most of it prepped, packing it lightly with supplies and making sure they had the canoe paddles. Her father came over and helped finish getting the boat ready, and then nodded. 

“Can I get a hand to help carry this down, you two?” 

“Sure thing!” Umi replied. 

“Of course, darling,” her mother also answered, heading over to the canoe. 

The family all lifted it up over their shoulders and made their way down the trail to the river. It wasn’t a short trail, but luckily it was a relatively easy hike to get through, which was good, because carrying the canoe was cumbersome at best. 

As they made their way down, suddenly Umi felt a twinge of pressure from her bladder. It was more than a subtle urge, too. Umi pressed her thighs together between steps as she suddenly realized her need. She was surprised by how suddenly it had come on, especially since she hadn’t felt any urges earlier. 

Of course, that was now a problem. Not five minutes ago, Umi had been so insistent that she didn’t need to pee, and now she did. She wasn’t exactly in a position to excuse herself either. Even disregarding the fact that she was helping her parents carry the canoe, if she asked to be excused now, so soon after persistently rejecting needing to go earlier, her mother would never let her hear the end of it. On top of that, Umi really wanted to shake her mother’s misconceptions about her being too shy to pee outdoors. Suddenly admitting that she had to go now would do nothing but convince her otherwise. 

Thankfully, Umi didn’t have to go that badly, at least for now. She definitely had to pee, but she was nowhere near desperate. If she could hold it, at least for a bit, Umi could then naturally excuse herself later. Umi bit her lip as she gauged how full she was. It wouldn’t exactly be comfortable, but she hoped once they got canoeing, she’d be having enough fun to ignore it for the most part. 

First, though, they had to make it through the rest of the trail, which was easier said than done. Hiking was a pretty physical activity even when Umi wasn’t helping carry a boat, and it was hard to ignore her bladder when each step sent little jolts up her legs and into her abdomen. 

Trying to keep any shuffling to a minimum, Umi continued onwards down the trail. Thankfully, her mother was in front of her, and wouldn’t notice if Umi’s walk was a bit awkward from her need to pee. Her father might, but he was on the other side of the canoe, where it was harder to see her. Beyond that, outside of occasionally pressing her thighs together and buckling her knees when she walked, Umi gave little indication of her need. 

By the time they reached the end of the trail, Umi was grateful and eager to be able to stop and rest. The Sonada family placed down the canoe on a sandy river bank and Umi let out a sigh as she disguised her shuffling with stretch. 

Unfortunately, even though Umi no longer had to carry the canoe, her predicament was replaced with another; the river. It was beautiful, lined on either side with thick trees that rose up and arched over it with their branches, flowing slowly but steadily. Further in the distance there were the sounds of rapids, but those were further up the river. Ordinarily, Umi would be happy to take in the lovely sight. 

Of course, now all that water was doing was reminding Umi of her urge to pee, which was growing alarmingly fast. The hike had done her no favors, and she was really starting to regret not going earlier. Unfortunately, it still hadn’t been long enough since Umi had insisted to her mother she didn’t need to pee, so she would have to hold it through the canoe trip.” 

“Ready to go, everyone?” Umi’s father asked. 

“Yup!” Umi’s mom nodded. 

Umi nodded as well, and Umi’s dad pushed the canoe into the water and climbed in carefully. He helped his wife into the boat as well, and then they both helped Umi climb in. 

Stepping into a shaky canoe and having to balance on a full bladder was not fun, and Umi was forced to stand with her legs apart to keep her balance as she sat down. As soon as she did, she quickly pressed her thighs together and clenched her teeth as she fought off a wave of pressure. Even once everyone was sitting down, the constant splashes of the river against the canoe and the gentle bobbing of the boat was doing Umi’s bladder no favors. 

Still, as they pushed off from shore and began paddling down the river, Umi kept her legs pressed together and looked around, trying to enjoy the surrounding scenery. As best as she could, she tried to keep her squirming to a minimum and glanced around. 

The crystal clear water shimmered and rippled as the canoe gently pushed through it. It was hard to ignore the splashing sounds as they rowed, but Umi tried to focus more on the beauty. Fish swam underneath them and they could see underwater plants swaying back and forth in the current. 

“It’s lovely out here,” Umi’s mother smiled. 

Umi glanced back at her mom, as she was now sitting at the front of the canoe. She was tucking her hair behind her head with one hand as she gazed out at the river around them. However, Umi also noticed that she had her legs pressed tightly together, with one knee raised slightly over the other and her foot tapping against the floor of the canoe. Perhaps it was because she had to pee, but Umi thought that maybe her mother had to go as well. 

Umi didn’t want them to cut their canoe ride short, but she secretly hoped that was the case. If her mother asked to pee, Umi could simply accompany her without raising any questions. Her mother could hardly tease her if she also had to go, especially after saying she just went not too long ago. Though, since her mother had apparently gone shortly before she left the tent, Umi wasn’t about to get her hopes up. 

Either way, Umi’s mother didn’t voice any desire to end the canoe ride, so the Sonada family continued to row down the river, taking in the sights and sounds around them. 

As much as Umi wanted to enjoy the lazy float down the river, it was getting harder and harder to ignore her bladder. Her need had escalated quickly, likely due to her already needing to go and just not feeling it earlier. Her urge would rise and fall with the bobbing of the canoe, and even though she wanted to squirm and wriggle, she was forced to keep relatively still. Otherwise, her desperate movements would transfer to the canoe and her parents would definitely notice. 

“Honey, could you grab me my water?” Umi’s father asked suddenly, motioning to the bottle stowed away in the canoe’s storage compartment. 

“Oh, sure thing,” Umi’s mother nodded. She bent forwards to reach the bottle, and Umi caught her wriggle slightly as she fished around for the water bottles. When she found it, she passed it back to her husband, and Umi winced at the sloshing sounds as he took a big swig, as if the sounds of the river around them weren’t bad enough. 

A few moments later, Umi was hit with her first real wave of desperation. She had been fighting the gentle pusles of pressure, but this one hit her all at once, and she was forced to dance and squirm as she fought back her urge. 

“Umi, are you alright? You seem uncomfortable,” Umi’s mother asked. 

“I’m fine, mom,” Umi lied. Just as she feared, as soon as she showed an outward sign of her urge, her parents noticed. 

“Are you sure? It looks like you need to pee. I told you you should’ve gone earlier.” 

Umi sighed. There was no point in hiding it. Now that her mom was clued in, she was sure she’d notice her subtle tells of needing to go. 

“I really didn’t have to go before, but I kind of do now,” Umi replied, trying to downplay her need. 

“We could cut the boat ride short,” Umi’s husband offered. 

“N-no,” Umi shook her head. Even though she had to pee, she didn’t want to cut things short and ruin it for her parents, “I can hold it.” 

“Holding it in is bad for you, sweetie,” Umi’s mother said, “Besides, I have to go too. I know I said I went earlier, but I must be getting older. I filled up again pretty fast.” 

“I’ll pull up along the shore, then,” Umi’s dad said. 

“Actually, why don’t we just go here?” Umi’s mother suggested. 

“W-what do you mean?” Umi asked. 

“I mean, we’re out over a river. We can just go over the edge.” 

“It’s no big deal, girls. I can just pull over to the river bank. We can always get back on the water, if that’s what you’re concerned about,” Umi’s father replied. 

“There’s not really a good place along this part of the river to land the canoe,” Umi’s mom pointed out. Sure enough, the once sandy river bank had given way to a rocky shore, “Besides, I learned this trick specifically because you used to hate stopping these boat rides short, remember?” 

Umi’s dad scratched the side of his face, “I don’t really remember that, though I guess I’ve been stubborn about stopping in the past.” 

“Are we really going to just go over the edge, right here?” Umi asked, blushing. 

“There’s no need to be shy,” Umi’s mom smiled, “No one’s out here but us, and your father’s going to turn around, aren’t you, darling.” 

“O-of course,” Umi’s father nodded, flustered, and turned around as instructed. 

“I’ll show you how it’s done. You have to balance properly or you could tip the canoe.” 

Umi’s mother scooted over to the side of the canoe and squatted over the edge, pulling her pants and panties down. She leaned the rest of her body back over the canoe so her weight was still mostly centered, though the canoe swayed. 

Umi shuffled as she watched her mom continue to tune her balance until the canoe was relatively stable, and then she relaxed. Her stream started immediately, trickling into the water below. It splashed and pattered as Umi’s mom was careful not to let it hit the side of the canoe. 

Watching someone else pee did Umi’s bladder no favors, and she squirmed and squeezed her thighs together as she watched her mom pee. She must’ve been well hydrated, as the pale golden liquid nearly disappeared into the otherwise clear stream. Despite this, it still splashed and bubbled as it hit the water, foaming up as the faint color mixed with the river and flowed further down. 

Luckily for Umi, her mother didn’t pee for that long. Something unsurprising since she mentioned going not too long ago. Her stream trickled off and she motioned to the canoe’s storage compartment. 

“Could you grab me a tissue, please?” 

Umi nodded, leaning over to grab the toilet paper from the compartment. The motion put her weight on her bladder and Umi clenched her teeth as she felt a spike of urgency. She fought back a leak and quickly handed her mom the paper and watched her quickly clean herself up. 

Since the toilet paper was biodegradable, Umi’s mom wadded it up and tossed it into the river, where it quickly soaked up the water and turned transparent. Umi could barely track it as it floated down the river and was broken up by the current. 

“Nothing to it,” Umi’s mother smiled, “It’s trickier than it looks.” 

Umi blushed and opened her mouth to ask if she really needed to pee over the edge like this. However, after watching her mother pee, Umi really didn’t want to wait any longer, and peeing out in the open like this would hopefully prove that she wasn’t embarrassed to pee outdoors like her mother seemed to think. 

Of course, this situation was totally different. In the woods she would usually go alone, or just with her mother like last time, and back at camp they had designated zones so the girls would never accidentally run into Umi’s dad or vice versa. Now, however, he was right there, and Umi was still a little uncomfortable with the thought of going right in front of a man, even though he was her own father, and turned around. 

In the end, though, Umi’s need won out, and she scooted over to the edge of the canoe. She fiddled with her pants and pulled them down, trying to squat over the edge just like her mother. She couldn’t quite get it down, leaving her squirming in an awkward position with her butt hanging over the side of the boat as she tried to get the right balance. 

The canoe swayed and jostled, and Umi let out a spurt over the edge before she had fully gotten into position. The short taste of relief sent her bladder into overdrive, and Umi quickly finished getting into position before opening the floodgates. 

Her stream splashed and sprayed messily as it gushed out of her, and Umi realized her mother must’ve been controlling her stream better. Umi tried to slow her flow, but failed, and her pee sprayed messily against the side of the canoe. Blushing, Umi simply let it flow at full-force, bubbling and foaming as it splashed loudly against the surface of the otherwise calm river. 

Umi let out a relieved sigh as she continued to pee, briefly forgetting her embarrassment or the teasing gaze of her mother as she let it show just how badly she needed to go. She closed her eyes and simply listened to the sounds of her pee trickle against the water. What was once the agonizing noise of running water was now the sound of blissful relief. 

She peed for much longer than her mother, and when she was finally done, she could see the telltale yellow wisps still mixing with the flow of the river around her. Her pee was still clearly visible in the crystal clear water, though it was quickly being washed away. 

The place where her stream had splashed against the outside of the canoe was bobbing up and down in the water as well. By the end of their trip, it would be thoroughly rinsed of all traces of Umi’s little accident. 

Umi quickly cleaned herself up with the toilet paper and, just like her mother, she dropped it into the river. The wad unraveled and greedily soaked up the water around it, quickly being washed away and slowly dissolving, just like the one from before. 

Umi then fixed her clothes and said, “Okay dad, you can turn back around now, we’re done.” 

Umi’s father nodded and turned around, and Umi still felt her ears burning at the thought of her dad having heard them both peeing over the edge. She also remembered her mother saying she learnt the trick because of him, and she shook her head as she tried not to think about how often that happened when she wasn’t around. 

“Well, now that you girls are taken care of, we can continue our trip!” 

Umi’s and her mother both nodded, and Umi tried to focus on the river around her rather than what she had just done. The plus side was, now that she no longer had to pee, the calming sounds of the rippling water and the splashes of their paddles weren’t a nuisance, and she could enjoy the experience. 

The Sonada family spent a good length of time out on the water, lazily paddling down the river and then turning around and paddling up, the slow current giving little fight as they rowed back up to the trail back to their campsite. The sun was beginning to set by the time they landed back on the sandy shore, and as they were dragging the canoe out of the water, Umi’s dad looked up at the sky. 

“The clouds are pretty angry over there, looks like it might be a rainy night.” 

“Oh dear,” Umi’s mother frowned, “Well, let’s hurry back to the campsite for dinner.” 

“Yeah, we wouldn’t want to get caught out in that,” Umi agreed. 

They quickly lifted the canoe and began carrying it back to their campsite, trying to make good pace. Luckily, the clouds, while clearly signaling a storm, were still quite the distance away. Still, Umi couldn’t help but glance towards them from time to time, worried about how bad the storm might get that night. 

*** 

Upon their return to the campsite, the Sonada family prepared and ate a quick meal, and Umi and her dad set upon the task of preparing the campsite for the storm. They made sure their supplies were secure and covered, and put up rain tarps over their tents for extra protection. 

Just as Umi was finishing tying the tarp over her tent, she felt a drop of water hit her nose. Then another hit the top of her head, and very suddenly a steady rain began falling. 

“Here it comes!” Umi’s father called, quickly hurrying into his tent, where Umi’s mother was already sheltering. 

Umi herself quickly rushed to get out of the rain before it totally soaked through her clothes, and as soon as she was in her tent, she quickly changed out of them and into her pajamas. Outside, the rain was steady, and she could hear it loudly pattering off the tarps of her’s and her parents’ tents. She let out a sigh of relief, glad they had managed to get them up in time. 

With the rain trapping her inside, Umi decided to go to bed. She had already written earlier and while she had also brought some books and other things she could do in the comfort of her tent, she was exhausted after such a long day. She laid out her damp clothes to let them dry, grabbed her pillow and a sleeping bag, and made sure her water bottle was within reach so she wouldn’t have to get up if she was thirsty. She took a good gulp from it to quench her thirst and set it down before crawling into the sleeping bag and closing her eyes. 

Umi nodded off rather quickly, and managed to sleep for a few hours before being awoken by an all-to-familiar sensation. Her bladder was starting to fill up again, and it sent a nagging signal that ripped Umi out of her light sleep. She shuffled in her sleeping bag and frowned. 

I have to go? Well, I guess I didn’t go after dinner… 

Umi hadn’t needed to go after dinner, and she wanted to avoid mentioning peeing again after the incident on the boat. Not only that, but she had been focused on preparing for the storm, and hadn’t had a good opportunity to slip off even if she needed to. 

Of course, now that it was raining, Umi couldn’t exactly casually walk out into the woods and go now, at least without getting soaked. She had packed light and needed the clothes she had laid out to dry for tomorrow. An extended trip to find a place to go would thoroughly soak them, and they wouldn’t dry by tomorrow. Not to mention Umi wasn’t really keen on going out in such a downpour in the first place. 

I don’t have to go that bad, I’ll just go back to sleep. Hopefully the storm passes by morning. 

Umi curled back up, pressing her thighs together as she laid back down in her sleeping bag. Trying to fall asleep was trickier now that she was aware of the pressure building up in her bladder. She tried to push the sensation to the back of her mind, but as soon as her body would relax, her bladder would send her another signal, and it would bring the slight but slowly growing urge to the forefront of her mind. Umi rolled over, rubbing her thighs as she tried to ignore her body’s nagging. Slowly but surely, even with her filling bladder, Umi managed to fall asleep once again. 

Suddenly, a loud boom of thunder shook Umi’s tent, and she was jolted awake from her sleep once more. Her muscles spasmed as she jumped from the shock and Umi had to clamp her thighs together to prevent herself from letting out a leak just from surprise. Although she had managed to fall asleep again, she didn’t feel any more rested, and it was still just as dark and stormy out as it had been when her bladder had woken her up the first time. 

This time, however, her need was much worse. Not just from the sudden thunderclap, but she had also been asleep long enough to fill up considerably. Umi squirmed around in her sleeping bag. She had to go much more now, and she doubted she’d be able to fall asleep again. 

After a few futile attempts at trying, Umi wriggled in frustration and turned her attention outside. It was still pouring rain, perhaps harder now than it had been earlier. Not only was the rain trapping her in here, but the constant sound of pattering against the tarp and trickling water as the rain came down was doing her bladder no favors. 

Umi weighed her options. She wasn’t going to fall back asleep with her bladder’s constant nagging, and she was somewhat worried that if managed to, she wouldn’t wake up dry. She could change and go out and hope her clothes dried by tomorrow, but she knew they would be drenched and with the humid air from the rain outside, she knew that was unlikely. 

Her other option was going out in her pajamas, but that would leave her with nothing to sleep in but her underwear, and while this campsite was remote and the only other people here were her parents, Umi still didn’t like the idea of only sleeping in her underwear out here. 

Umi rubbed her knees together and squirmed in her sleeping bag as she realized her only option was to wait out the storm. She steeled herself and tried to think about anything but her bladder. She first tried to focus on the lovely hike in nature or the canoe ride, but her mind kept going back to her peeing in the woods with her mom, and peeing over the edge of the canoe. 

Each time she imagined it, her bladder begged her for release, and she recalled how good it felt to finally let go. Umi snaked a hand down between her legs and held herself as she tried to focus on the other parts of the trip so far, but all she could think about right now was the river, the rain outside, and peeing. 

Umi then tried to think about things not related to the trip, like μ's and school. She thought back to the songs she had written earlier, but unfortunately she had exhausted all her ideas and brainstorming earlier. Attempting to distract herself now only led to her imagining lyrics for a song about being trapped somewhere and needing to pee. There was no way she was going to write a μ's song like that. 

Umi felt the pressure in her abdomen spike as her bladder fought against her attempts to hold it in. She bit her lip and rolled over again, doing a desperate dance from within her sleeping bag. She unzipped the side a little, as her constant squirming and the efforts of holding was making the sleeping back uncomfortably hot. 

She wound up laying on her back, rubbing her abdomen with one hand as she rubbed and shook her legs against each other, the other hand clamped firmly down on her crotch. 

This is bad. I don’t know if I can hold it until the rain stops. 

Umi once again tried to distract herself, this time by thinking about their plans for tomorrow. Unfortunately, she wasn’t sure about them anymore now that the weather had changed. If worse came to worse, they might have to wait for a break in the storm and quickly pack up and head home early. 

Umi sincerely hoped that wouldn’t happen. As she felt another desperate wave come over her, she clenched her teeth and squirmed, silently cursing the rain for trapping her in and potentially ruining the rest of their trip. 

An hour ticked by agonizingly slowly, with Umi feeling her bladder steadily filling up all the while. Her mouth was dry from her heavy breathing as she squirmed and danced in her tent, trying to focus on anything but her desperation. She glanced over at her water bottle, mocking her from beside her sleeping bag. She was a bit parched, and reasonably knew she needed to drink, but the last thing she wanted was to throw proverbial fuel on the fire and fill her body with more fluid that would eventually make its way into her already full bladder. 

Eventually, though, she gave in and took a few tentative sips. The water quenched her thirst and hydrated her sandy throat, but immediately she felt her bladder spasm in protest. She squeezed her thighs together and rubbed the back of her calf with her other foot, and nursed her abdomen with her free hand. Through her thin pajamas, she could feel a slight bulge beginning to stretch out, right where all the pressure was. 

Umi once again turned her attention to the rain, which was still coming down hard and giving no signs of stopping. She wondered if it would be worth running out there in her pajamas. She’d have to sleep in her underwear, but despite her misgivings, there really was no one around to see her. 

Umi seriously considered it, but in the end, she just couldn’t bring herself to go out there. She knew that despite her desperately wanting the relief in the moment, that she’d just feel way too exposed and vulnerable for the rest of the night. 

I just have to hold it. I just have to hold it. 

Even as Umi chanted this to herself, she realized that was easier said than done. It didn’t even sound like the storm was close to ending, but Umi knew her body was growing closer and closer to her limits. She couldn’t keep still for a single moment, and she could feel her legs shaking and quivering as she fought desperately to keep all the pent-up pee inside of her. 

Her swollen bladder was sending her wave after constant wave of pressure, making it near impossible to focus on anything else but her need to pee. Every time a jolt of desperation hit her, Umi was more and more afraid she’d be able to keep herself from leaking. 

Umi rolled over again and scrunched her body up, clamping down on her crotch with both hands as she struggled and squirmed. Suddenly, a particularly strong wave of desperation struck her, and Umi gasped. She grasped herself hard and willed her bladder muscles to keep fighting, but she felt a small leak escape out into her panties. 

I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore! 

With the storm outside showing no signs of subsiding any time soon, Umi jolted upright. She was at her limit. She needed to pee right then and there, or she was going to flood her pajamas and sleeping bag. 

She once again considered leaving the tent and just dealing with wet pjs, but she was so close to losing control that with the rain hitting her, she was sure she wouldn’t even make it out of the campsite before she wet herself. Instead, she frantically searched around her tent for anything she could use as a container.

Unfortunately, she didn’t really have any suitable vessels. She didn’t carry a portable toilet around in her bag, and only other watertight container she had on hand was her water bottle. There was no way she was peeing into that, and even if she wanted to, it was pretty full with water. She’d have to frantically chug it down, and would likely wet herself before she emptied it sufficiently. 

The only other things Umi had were some snacks and supplies packed away in her backpack. 

No, no no no! I’m gonna wet myself! There has to be something! 

Squirming in place with her hand desperately clamped over her crotch, Umi used her free hand to rummage around in her backpack, frantically searching for something to use. She felt herself leak again and gasped as she squeezed her thighs together with all her might, feeling her legs quiver and shake from sheer desperation. 

Suddenly, realization hit. The grocery bag her snacks were held in. Outside of some resealable plastic bags containing supplies that couldn’t get wet, and thus had to remain in the waterproof bag, the grocery bag was the only thing in Umi’s pack that could potentially hold the pent-up flood threatening to burst out of her. 

Umi wasted no time, quickly dumping out the snacks and practically tore down her pajama pants and panties. She maneuvered into an awkward half-stand, half-squat as she positioned the bag underneath her. She let out a hot spurt involuntarily that splashed onto the edge of the bag, nearly missing, and Umi desperately clamped her bladder muscles shut just long enough to reposition. 

That was the last of the holding her bladder could take. Immediately afterwards, pee burst out of her in a loud, hissing stream. It sprayed against the plastic bag, moving it with its sheer force and making a distinct, crinkly sound. It almost sounded like someone frying food or static from an old tv. It was loud and filled the tent, and if it hadn’t been raining, Umi would’ve worried her parents would hear her. 

Then again, if it hadn’t been raining, Umi wouldn’t have had to resort to the bag in the first place. 

Umi cared very little about that right now. All she could focus on was the blissful relief. She threw her head back and closed her eyes, feeling goosebumps travel up her body. The pressure in her abdomen was still immense, but she could slowly feel it subside as sensations of her desperate need were replaced with a warm tingling that washed over her and fogged up her mind. 

Suddenly, however, the possibility of there being a hole in the bag to leak crossed Umi’s mind, and she snapped out of her haze and glanced down frantically. Luckily, there were no leaks in the bag, and her pee pooled and filled it as she continued to pee full force. It foamed and swirled as Umi continued to empty her bladder into it, the sound as loud as it had been when Umi started. 

Slowly, however, the pressure of Umi’s stream began to subside, and soon her stream tapered off and turned into a few dribbles before finally stopping. She forced out one final spurt to ensure her bladder was truly empty. She wanted to make sure she wouldn’t need to pee again before the rain stopped. 

Umi then turned her attention to wiping herself up, which was awkward to do while holding a shopping bag full of her pee. She managed to pass both handles to her left hand and grabbed some tissues with her right before wiping her crotch and discarding the toilet paper into the bag. It soaked up her pee and half-dissolved into a mushy wad that floated on the still-foaming surface. 

Umi then carefully placed the bag on the floor in the corner of the tent, lifting it into a shape where she could tie off the handles and it wouldn’t leak. Her knot wouldn’t be watertight, so she made sure it was stationary and secure as she sealed it up and returned to her sleeping bag. 

She blushed at the thought of what she had done, feeling particularly embarrassed about peeing in her tent, in a plastic bag of all things. But it had been necessary. She had really hit her limits, and by the sounds of it, the storm still wasn’t anywhere close to stopping. 

As Umi settled back down, still feeling the warmth of relief, she thought about what she would do about the bag in the morning. If she was lucky, she could sneak off before her parents woke up and drain it without them seeing it. She’d still have to bring the empty bag back and throw it into their designated trash bag, but as long as she could do that without being seen, she doubted her mom or dad would go sifting around in the trash and find it. If her parents were already awake, though… 

Umi shook her head. She didn’t want to think about how to sneak the bag out of her tent with her parents there, or leaving it sitting in the corner as they went about the day’s activities. Instead, she pushed the thought to the back of her mind and closed her eyes. Now that she didn’t need to pee, the sounds of the rain outside calmed and relaxed her, and lulled her into a relaxing sleep. 

The End 

