Unlucky 13; The Roommate Tales

Author: Spurgle

*000*2022-05-03 09:18

Part 1;

Emma’s Wet Walk Home

The warm spring air hung still and calm as Emma made her weekly journey to her gymnastics class. The sun was beginning to draw itself towards the horizon and the people of the city were behaving similarly, most of the days work had been completed and people now went about their private business. A group of students were drinking beer outside of an expensive looking bar and she wondered how they could afford it, students loans, she thought to herself and began to ponder her monetary decisions as she was a student too and just as those drinking at the bar, she used her student loan to for unnecessaries too.

The thought didn’t stick in her mind for long though as she was soon distracted by a car wildly revving it’s engine, she turned sharply to see where the noise had come from and suspected it was the blue Opel with the fake body kit, and in her mind she judged the sort of person who would own a car like that. A man with a small penis, she thought to herself with amusement and chuckled audibly. The gymnastics hall was now not far away, maybe another ten minutes and walking in the surprisingly warm evening air she was grateful she had not wrapped up warm.

Her outfit was decidedly simple and was chosen with comfort and freedom of movement in mind, it had occurred to her on many occasions that most of her outfits were chosen this way and she was comfortable with that. Tonight she was wearing her usual black tank top with a matching black sports bra underneath and a light long sleeved tunnel necked jacket above the tank top, her petite figure made such clothing appealing and she always thought this outfit suited her nicely.

Her supple legs were encased by super soft black cotton leggings which clung tightly and fitted almost like a second skin and underneath her leggings she wore a pair of blue and white striped bikini briefs, which as she walked to the gymnasium, were giving her a slight wedgie. She contemplated discreetly trying to pick out the wedgie but decided against it, judging it was a little undignified to do so in such a public place, besides, nobody else but her knew, at least that’s what she thought, except that wasn’t entirely true as unbeknownst to her she was displaying a noticeable pantyline, and anyone who chose to look would see her pert bum framed by thick lines on both sides.

The journey from home to the gymnasium was of a considerable distance and on foot it would often take a whole hour, but this was fine, she liked to walk and the sights and sounds of the city made the journey interesting. On one occasion she had used the cities tram system in an attempt to shorten the journey time, but it backfired when the tram she was travelling on encountered a mechanical problem and broke down, she was late to her class because of the broken tram and so vowed not to trust them again for this journey. But now she was on foot, gradually navigating the cities thoroughfares, following the same route she had used for the previous twelve weeks. She believed wholeheartedly that her route was the optimal route and would hear no detractions, but nonetheless, it was true that her route home was slightly different and a touch longer than her route to the gymnasium, but this was an adaption she had made after the second week and it was all because of her bladder.

Inevitably she drank a lot of water at her classes, quite often two litres or more over the course of the two hours and all this water had a catastrophic effect on her bladder. After her first class she had used the facilities at the gymnasium but they were dirty and unkept so she had vowed not to use them again and in the future, she decided she would hold on until she returned home.

However, as she discovered after week two, this was a task her bladder was simply not strong enough for and she had come very close to having an accident and, were it not for a bar named the Stumble Inn and their relaxed policies regarding the use of their facilities, she would have undoubtedly wet herself before making it home. The Stumble Inn was around fifteen minutes walk from the gymnasium and she was glad it was no further because even at a distance of fifteen minutes she did not make it to the toilet with dry underwear and as she would discover, this would be the first of three occasions that she would arrive at the Stumble Inn in a similar state.

On this first occasion she was surprised at just how quickly her desperation to pee had escalated, it seemed to her that one moment she was fine with just a small pressure leaning on her bladder and yet, mere moments later, she was fighting against a great force which was rapidly making holes in her defences and it was through these holes that warm urine dribbled into her underwear. She didn’t find this to be embarrassing however, as she understood the limits of the human anatomy and knew full well that she was not the first person of her age or sex to unintentionally pee in her underwear. 

She knew in fact, that her roommate Minttu, was prone to these small accidents. Minttu was not aware that she knew this, why would she, but Emma did know, because it was often Emma who sorted their laundry and every so often Emma would find Minttu’s underwear stained suspiciously yellow around the gusset. Of course, Emma would never dream of mentioning this fact to anyone, but it did give her some comfort in regard to her own little accidents.

She thought on this for a while as she edged ever closer to the gymnasium and at last, she finally arrived at the gymnasium and away from prying eyes picked the wedgie from her bum which had been bothering her for a short while now and then continued through a long well lit corridor into the gymnasium itself. The room was large with an abundance of equipment dotted all around and a gaggle of girls were gathered in the far corner, she knew them all as they were all fellow university students and members of this gymnastics class. She left her backpack on a bench at the far left side of the room and then went to join her fellow students and as she did so she was greeted warmly. For a while the group chatted about school and other related matters but before too long their instructor called a start to the session and the room fell silent.

“You can do better than that” the class instructor blurted out in an insensitive way.

“I’m not strong enough, I just can’t pull myself that way” Emma protested. She was indeed trying hard but she wasn’t giving it everything as she was becoming tired and she was also mindful of not hurting herself by overexerting herself. But her instructor was not buying it and he knew she was holding back.

“Very well” he started patiently “you’ll try again next week and hopefully then you’ll feel stronger”. She felt a pang of disappointment as she heard the stinging words but she just smiled and walked away from the apparatus.

“I couldn’t manage it either” a comforting voice whispered in her ear, she didn’t bother replying and instead just smiled and carried on walking.

She sat on the bench where her backpack had been left two hours earlier and drained the water that remained in her water bottle. It was a one litre bottle and this was the second time she had drained the bottle since arriving at her class. She was bathed in sweat and her tight leggings were sticking to her thighs. Her muscles were burning and her eyes felt heavy but she felt better that it was time to go home and she felt a surge of joy when she realised that tomorrow was Saturday. It took some moments for her to summon the strength to stand up to begin her walk home and she exhaled as her legs took her slender body weight.

“I’ll see you all next week” Emma said cheerfully and all members of the group replied with their own goodbyes. She then heaved her backpack onto her shoulders and began her walk home.

She left the gymnasium and the cold night air hit her with gusto but she thought it was delightful, after two hours of hard gymnastics in an overly warm room the cool night air was a welcome relief and she sucked the air into her lungs and revelled in the freshness. This feeling did not last forever though and before long her clothes which were damp with sweat began to feel extremely cold and all of a sudden the walk home became quite unpleasant. Her bladder, full with water was also beginning to ache, this was normal after her gymnastics class and as usual she planned to stop at a particular bar which was in her route home. She always went to the bathroom in this bar after gymnastics because the toilets were clean and pleasant, which were in stark contrast to the gymnasiums bathrooms which were dirty and unkept and as she already knew, this bar allowed anyone off the street to use their facilities without buying a drink, a rare quality in a city where most bars expect the opposite.

Step after step she drew closer to her special bar and the relief of emptying her bladder. She was now in serious need of a toilet, her bladder was bulging and ached terribly with the weight of two litres of water. However, she was unworried, she knew her bar was now just down the street and she knew she would make it easily. She had done this walk a dozen times before and it invariably followed the same script so she was unworried when a small trickle of pee warmed a small area of her crotch, after all, this had happened a couple of times before and she considered it an irregular part of the script. The bar was now just a couple hundred metres away, she couldn’t see it but she knew it was there and she unconsciously quickened her pace. The people around her were a blur and her mind was focused solely on emptying her poor aching bladder.

Her heart jumped as the bar drew into view. Her bladder was aching with an unusual ferocity and she could feel that her crotch was warm and damp, she found it hard to tell if this was because of the trickle a few moments ago or if she had peed again into her underwear. It didn’t matter, she thought to herself, because the bar was just a handful of steps away.

Smiling at the thought of emptying her bladder she pressed her shoulder into the solid wooden door of the bars entrance, she pushed hard but the door wound not budge. She pushed again but as before the heavy door did not budge. She stepped back clamping her thighs together in the process and looked into the windows to see if there was any life inside. There was not. She looked again at the heavy door and noticed a laminated notice taped above a small pane of glass which said;

“Due to a COVID outbreak among the staff we will unfortunately be closed for the foreseeable future, we apologise for any inconvenience this may cause”

Her heart sank. This was a totally unforeseen circumstances and she knew if an alternative bathroom could not be found very soon, she would undoubtedly wet herself. She spun around one hundred and eighty degrees looking for somewhere suitable to use a bathroom but nothing jumped out at her. Unsure of what to do and knowing she had to act swiftly or else her bladder would take matters into its own hands, she called her roommate.

The phone rang four times before she finally picked up.

“Do you know of anywhere I can go for a pee near the Stumble Inn?” She asked her roommate without so much as a hello.

“Not of the top of my head” her roommate replied giggling slightly “I’m not an encyclopaedia of public toilets”

She had to suppress a surge of anger at her roommates flippancy, this is no joking matter she thought to herself.

“Seriously, if I don’t find a toilet soon I’m going to piss myself” she said not bothering to hide the panic in here voice.

“I’m sorry but I don’t know that part of town so well, if you’re that desperate I’d just try and find a quiet alley or something and pop a squat”

Not a bad idea, she thought to herself.

“Okay. Well thanks anyway, I’ll see you when I get back” she replied as cheerfully as she was able.

“Good luck and if you come home with wet leggings I’ll know not to ask” her roommate replied comically.

She hung up and walked hurriedly in the direction of home.

Her plan now was to find a quiet spot to pop a squat, not the easiest thing to do in a major city but she couldn’t see many other alternatives. Just about every bar in the city insisted you buy a drink before using the facilities and she didn’t have her purse so she had no money, so as far as she could see she had two choices, pop a squat in a quiet place or wet herself. She knew she couldn’t make it home without her bladder failing completely, because it was already beginning to fail. Just minutes ago she had first felt the warmth against her crotch and at the time she had been unconcerned, but now, as the warmth crept over her crotch again she did begin to panic. She looked frantically for an alley but she could see nothing suitable. She felt like the wetness in her crotch was spreading but she was unsure if her mind was playing tricks on her.

On the left hand side she spotted a dash of green jutting out and breaking the monotone palette of the city and an idea struck her. It was a small park, not a particularly nice park but it was secluded enough she reckoned to empty her bladder privately and with some dignity. She hurried in the direction of the park, almost at a run now. Her heart was pounding, partly because of her panic stricken situation and partly because she was now running.

Her feet crunched the gravel as she entered the small green space and her eyes dashed in all directions looking for a good spot to empty her bladder. She was trembling with the effort it took to hold back the flood of water that had filled her bladder, but to her left she could see a small alcove covered by bushes on three sides and she figured that was as good as she was going to get. She hurried into the space and quickly scanned the gravel floor for any obstacles and as she found none, she took a deep breath and grabbed the waist band if her leggings.

She faced the only entrance to the alcove and carefully squatted with her bum a couple of inches from the gravelly floor below. The position was not very comfortable and it placed a great strain on her bladder and she was unconsciously already peeing before she had pulled her leggings down, it was not much but it was enough to dribble through her thin cotton underwear and soak into her heavier leggings below, at this she stood up and clamped her thighs shut to stem the flow. She then examined her leggings which were damp to the touch but were dry to the eye, next she pulled her leggings down slightly to inspect her knickers and as she already knew, they were warm, pissy and wet. She considered what she would do if she was spotted popping a squat and the thought was mortifying for her, it was not so much the act of peeing that she thought mortifying but the fact of being caught naked. So, she resolved to not be caught naked.

She squatted down for a second time and grabbing the waist of her leggings she pulled them down towards her ankles. She fiddled with her leggings for a few moments until she was certain they were well clear of any potential mishaps when she began to empty her beleaguered bladder. She was already trickling pee uncontrollably but now she took a deep breath and simply relaxed.

She was surprised just how long it took for her bladder to start releasing its contents, she had assumed that the moment she relaxed a great torrent would spray forth but that was not the case and instead nothing occurred except the already present trickle. But this was not the case for long and within a few moments an almost orgasmic feeling of relief washed over her as a great warm torrent flooded into her underwear.

She had decided not to remove her knickers for a couple of reasons, one of which was because of her fear of being caught naked and this was the greater reason but the other lesser reason was because, as she saw it, she had already peed in her underwear a not insignificant amount and so it made no difference if she peed in them some more, either way, she thought, I’m going home with wet knickers.

Her pee thundered and splashed into the gravel below and she had not adequately accounted for just how violent this would be and so she was forced to readjust her feet slightly so her shoes and leggings were in the firing line. The warm pee streamed through the thin blue and white cotton and because of how quickly she was peeing the wetness in her underwear was not spreading as far as she had originally anticipated but nonetheless, she could feel the warmth spreading to her bum.

The beleaguered cotton that made up the crotch of her underwear could take no more and so her pee was now spraying through the material that rested at the base of her bum. She felt a calmness take over her and basked in the fantastic relief she was feeling. Her bladder was now almost empty and she gave herself a shake to release the last remaining drops from their hiding place. Underneath there was an ocean of pee streaming away into the soil and plants just a few feet away and she was now aware of cars whizzing by only a few metres away.

“I did it” she thought to herself.

Before leaving her alcove she used the sweatbands in her backpack to pat her knickers dry a little, she knew anyone who looked closely would see a suspicious wetness against her crotch and bum but she didn’t care, own it, she thought to herself. Her knickers were throughly soaked and the wet material clung to her ever more greatly now. But, after patting herself dry she then pulled her leggings back up to once again display her pert bum with the panty lines for which she was famous for amongst her friends, and with her bladder empty she left her alcove and began the long walk home.

It didn’t take long for her soaked knickers to become very cold against her delicate skin and she briefly regretted not removing the garment before urinating, but she hurried the thought out of her mind because she could not go back to make a different decision. She reminded herself that this was not the first time she had walked home with a cold wetness against her delicate area, only this time it was a larger area that was facing the cold wetness of her misfortune. Every so often she would unconsciously run her hand over her rear to check for any wetness that may be soaking through to her leggings and indeed, she could feel a protruding wetness against her fingers, but she didn’t believe it was enough to be noticeable to anyone who was not actively checking her out at close range. Nonetheless, her journey was uncomfortable and the wetness from her crotch was rubbing gently against her thighs and so she was chafing a little.

She had now been walking for ten minutes since leaving her alcove and her mind was accosted with a thought that she was missing something and she began to wrack her brain to discover what it was. It was almost five minutes later that it dawned on her that she forgotten to pick up her backpack and she had left it in her alcove. She cursed herself for being so incompetent and momentarily considered just leaving it there, there wasn’t much in it after all, a water bottle, some pissy sweatbands and a few hair clips and such like but, that wasn’t the point, she simply couldn’t afford to buy a new backpack, so she about turned and walked back to her alcove.

Emma walked as quickly as she could and she made it back to the alcove in a little over ten minutes, and in her alcove there she found her puddle of now drying urine and her backpack. She checked the backpack to make sure everything was present and correct and with this verified, she hoisted the backpack onto her shoulders and for a second time, left her alcove. She turned right following the bushes on that side of the gravel pathway and in front of her was a young woman of maybe thirty years of age, Emma was startled for a moment but then smiled at the woman and she was intent at leaving it at that but the strange woman stopped Emma with a gentle hand and began speaking.

“Is that your backpack?” The stranger asked curiously.

“It is” Emma replied suspiciously, unsure of where this conversation was going.

“So” the stranger started, letting the word hang in the air for a moment “you were the one who urinated in that alcove about half an hour ago?” Her tone was not accusing but rather of curiosity.

Emma blushed a deep red and struggled to find adequate words.

“Yes” she eventually blurted out unceremoniously.

“Okay” the stranger started gently “I saw you from my window over there, you see”

Emma’s eyes followed the woman’s finger and was about to apologise but the woman cut her off.

“We all get caught short at sometime or another, but in the future be more mindful of your surroundings” the woman stopped for a moment, seemingly to let her words of advice sink in, but she then continued “if I could see you, I’m sure other people could too and you don’t want that, do you?” The question was rhetorical so Emma didn’t respond and instead just started at her shoes.

“Although, I’ll give you credit for not exposing yourself in public” the woman said thoughtfully with her eyes fixed on Emma’s pissy crotch.

Emma did not know what to do with herself. She felt embarrassed and the stranger clearly picked up on this and tried to reassure her.

“You’re not the first woman to pee outside and you’re certainly not the first pee in her underwear” she stopped for a moment to reminisce on her own close calls and accidents over the years “accidentally or otherwise” she continued “but it’s important to be aware of your surroundings, I say this not to embarrass you, we’ve all been there, but just let this be a soft lesson” the woman finished and smiled at Emma who did her best to smile back.

“I didn’t think for a second anyone could see me” Emma said innocently “if I thought for a second anyone could see me I’d have not went there” Emma wasn’t done yet but again she was cut off gently by the older woman.

“You’d have not went there and instead wet yourself on the street?” The woman asked indignantly and tried to soften the words with a smile and then continued “as far as I’m concerned you made the better choice, but just not in the right place”

Emma considered that for a moment and figured the older woman was probably correct.

“Get yourself home and don’t worry, nobody can see you’ve peed in your underwear” the woman lied gently.

Emma thanked the woman as politely as she could and with that both women went their separate ways.

Emma considered the woman’s words for the next ten minutes as she reached the spot where she had first realised she had forgotten her backpack. She felt embarrassed that she had been caught urinating outside but given the circumstances she felt relieved that she had made the decision to not remove her underwear, an uncomfortable and cold walk home was, she considered, to be a small price to pay to keep her dignity and not expose herself. For a while she kept replaying the moment she had scanned her alcove and wondered why it had not occurred to her that the apartments well above the ground would obviously have a view into the alcove, but she forced herself to forget this detail and told herself it was either that or wet herself in full view of the future various pedestrians and then she knew she had made the right decision.

She continued towards home with her underwear still sodden and cold but blissfully, the longer she walked the more she warmed up. It had now been over forty minutes since she had urinated in the alcove and she was still over half an hour from home, her journey had been heavily delayed and as she knew would happen, her bladder was rapidly filling. This happened each and every week, she would urinate in the Stumble Inn and then, sometime later, usually close to home, her bladder would again begin to roar fiercely and the last ten minutes or so would be a desperate dash to the sanctity of her bathroom. Each and every week she had made the desperate dash successfully, but, because of the various delays this evening she feared her desperate dash would be beginning much earlier than usual, as she was already feeling the weight of her bladder increasing.

She forced herself to think about something other than the events of the last hour or so in an attempt to take her mind of her ever filling bladder and soaking wet underwear, and instead, she thought about what she would do tomorrow. Tomorrow was Saturday and she crafted grand plans in her mind as to how she would best make use of the day and these thoughts allowed her to forget about her current situation for a good few minutes. But, before long she was snapped back to reality when her embattled bladder began to cry in pain.

Home felt like a lifetime away, but in reality it was only a twenty minute walk and she tried in vane to remind herself of this but it was to no use, her beleaguered mind would not accept the reality of the situation and was instead in disaster avoidance mode. The evening now felt tremendously cold and whilst the air was chilly, it was her sopping underwear that gave her the real chill. Her bum, thighs and crotch all felt chillingly cold and at one point, she discreetly rubbed her hand over the wet cotton crotch of her underwear and discerned that they had not dried at all, it was as if she had just peed in them moments ago.

She was walking in a daze barely able to comprehend anything other than her need to pee, her head was swimming and she was devilishly distracted. She felt like her surroundings were unfamiliar but she paid this though no matter and carried on her way. She kept trudging forward, one foot after the other, her bladder crying in pain with every passing second. She felt like home was now close, maybe another five minutes, she thought to herself. To her right she spotted an ornately decorated apartment block and she marvelled that she had not seen it before, it was truly beautiful and she could not understand how she had not seen it before. It was then that it dawned on her, to her disbelief and indignation, she had been walking the wrong way.

In seconds she whipped out her phone to check her location on Google Maps and it quickly became apparent that she had been walking the wrong way for quite some time. She had unknowingly walked one kilometre off course and because of this, Google estimated it would now be a fifteen or twenty minute walk home. She cursed herself again. She about turned and began trudging in the now correct direction, but she was angry at herself, this diversion had cost her precious time and she had nothing to blame but herself. She was walking angrily and her strides were much longer than usual, her petite feet were hammering down into the pavement below, she was filled with a blind rage.

Her bladder ached, her head was swimming, she was exhausted from the gymnastics and the seemingly endless walking and she felt a certain oddness wash over her. It was a strange feeling and she pondered what it was that she was feeling, so she stopped to give it real thought. She stood motionless for a moment and then she felt it.

“My crotch is warm” she thought to herself.

It took her several moments to suspect what was happening and her suspicions were only confirmed after she ran her hand down the front of her leggings and grabbed a handful of a now warm, pissy crotch. A gentle dribble of warm urine passed through her fingers and soaked into her dark leggings below.

“Guess this is it then” she thought to herself.

But then it stopped.

Her hand was unmoved and she felt a pang of surprise when warm urine ceased to pass through her fingers. She had done nothing to stem the dribble and so she was unsure of why exactly it had ended, but she didn’t question it, she was exhausted and no matter what happened, she just wanted to get home.

She pressed onwards and to help ease her mind she donned her headphones and began listening to an audiobook. She had listened to this book before, it was a favourite and it was doing a marvellous job at distracting her from her bladder. Behind her she heard the familiar roar of a Diesel engine, it was a bus, the number twenty two. She shrugged. But then she realised, the twenty two was her saviour, as it would take her right to her front door.

She hailed the bus wildly and the driver dutifully brought the bus to a halt at the stop, she climbed aboard and rummaged for her purse and cursed herself again when she realised she did not have her purse or her bus card.

The driver saw a bedraggled but highly attractive young woman at the stop and he noticed she hailed him down in an exuberant manner, he brought the bus to a halt. She looked beautiful, he thought to himself wistfully as she stepped aboard his vehicle, but his wistfulness was checked as his nostrils were assaulted by the strong scent of urine. He looked over his shoulder to see who was urinating on his bus, but he had only one other passenger and he was sat right at the back without a care in the world. He looked his attractive young passenger up and down and noticed a wetness against her crotch and a short but noticeable streak of wetness down her left leg. She was rummaging for something in her backpack, her purse, he suspected correctly. He thought about what he should do, he did not want a passenger who was going to urinate all over his floor but on the other hand, the girl was clearly in some distress and was in urgent need of a toilet so he didn’t wish to turn her away.

“Where are you going?” He asked curiously.

The young woman blushed and stared back at him with big blue eyes, very attractive, he thought to himself again.

“I’m going to Rauhankatu” she answered swiftly “but I can’t find my bus card”

He considered her response for a moment. Rauhankatu was only three stops away, so she didn’t have long to hold on. He decided it was a risk worth taking.

“Hop on” the driver responded.

“Thank you so much” the young woman replied heartedly.

Emma took a seat at the middle of the bus so she was close to the exit door. She was overjoyed that the driver had let her onboard but she was nervous if he had noticed that she was wearing pissy underwear, but she convinced herself that that would be impossible.

The bus drove away sharply down the straight smooth road. The roads were quiet and she hoped nothing more would go wrong. She pondered the evenings events and chuckled to herself at just how bizarre this evening had become. The bus passed its first stop and she knew there was only one more stop before her own. Her legs were clenched together like a secure gate and as her crotch was again cold, she knew she had the situation under control. Then the bus lurched violently as it’s left wheel crashed into a pot hole and the bus vibrated viciously. The vibration went straight up Emmas bum and into her spine and then her crotch turned warm again.

Without a moments notice warm urine sprayed through her underwear and leggings and soaked into the fabric seat beneath her bum. Her right hand instinctively grabbed her crotch but all she could feel was a warm wet stream emanating from her leggings. She fought wildly to stem the tide but she could hear an audible dripping sound somewhere near her feet. In panic she pressed the stop button, she wanted off the bus.

“If I’m going to wet myself, I’m not going to ruin someone’s bus” she thought to herself.

The bus screeched to a halt and she hurled herself to her feet and with an almighty will she managed to stem the flow of urine. As she walked urine was trickling down her legs and it was only as she got off the bus and heaved her thighs together tight that she contained the urine in her bladder. She looked around to see where she was and her eyes lit up, because she was home.

Emma ran into her apartment building and called the elevator, she lived on the eighth floor and did not feel like walking. The elevator was on the fourth floor when she called it and she cursed how long it was taking.

3

2

1

Then the doors jerked open and out stepped a young couple. Emma blushed and made out that she was holding the door open for them, but in reality she was trying to hide her wet leggings. The couple walked out of sight and Emma darted into the lift.

“Nearly there” she told herself audibly.

She was no longer urinating but she was still magnificently desperate.

2

3

4

5

6

“Hurry up you bitch” she audibly chided the ageing elevator.

7

8

She darted out the elevator with great speed and fumbled her keys into the door. She slammed the door behind her and hurriedly flicked off her shoes.

“How did it go?” Her roommate, Minttu shouted from her bedroom “did you wet yourself?” She asked in a playful tone.

“It’s all good” Emma replied swiftly but with as much good humour as she could muster “I’m going in the shower”

“No problem” Minttu replied evenly.

Then the bathroom door slammed shut.

Minttu paused her show and peered over her shoulder, she could just about see the hallway from where she was sitting and she spotted Emma’s backpack dumps in the corner. She didn’t think it unusual for Emma to go straight into the shower after her gymnastics class as that was her usual modus operandi but for some reason she felt it was different tonight. She thought back to Emma’s phone-call asking about bathrooms earlier in the evening and wondered what she had done to empty her bladder. Minttu knew about Emma’s struggles with her bladder after gymnastics, she knew very well, because she had found Emma’s pee stained knickers in their shared washing basket on couple of occasions. The first time was a chance find, she was depositing washing of her own when she had caught the scent of urine and after discerning the smell was not from her own laundry, she had fumbled around in the basket and her hand brushed against a cold wetness.

She then fished out a pair of pee stained black knickers. Were it not for the odour she would not have known it was pee, because the black cotton displayed no dark staining but the smell was a giveaway. After this, Minttu would check the basket every week on gymnastics day, waiting for Emma to go to bed before inspecting her roommates laundry and so it was that a couple of weeks later she discovered another pair of pee stained knickers. However, unlike the previous occasion, this time the find was not so subtle.

For one, the offending garment was grey and showed very visible pee staining and secondly because her roommate had quite clearly had a bigger accident on this occasion, the staining was much larger and the smell more pungent . Minttu did not fully know why she did this, she suspected it was because she wanted some kind of reassurance that she was not the only one who occasionally pees in her underwear and these finds did indeed provide her some level of comfort. However, it was only after the second find that she reassured herself that she was not the only one.

Tonight, Minttu was certain her friend had once again peed in her underwear and as she walked into the hallway her nostrils were filled with the familiar scent of urine. She tried to follow the smell but it trailed off in all directions so she resigned herself to once again, check the laundry after Emma had fallen asleep.

Emma slammed the bathroom door shut and in great haste stripped off her leggings, she was urinating again but now she could not stop the torrent. Her bladder had given up the fight and warm urine sprayed forth uncontrollably. She was pissing down her legs and her leggings were becoming soaked, she struggled to wriggle herself free and meanwhile she was spraying pee around the bathroom. She had one leg free and the other was in the air as she tried desperately to get the sodden cotton over her ankle, it was tight because the material was wet and clingy.

A puddle of urine was pooling on the ceramic floor and with one foot in the air she slipped on her puddle and landed bum first, making a faint splashing sound as she did so. She was now lying on her back and still she was urinating, warm urine was creeping up her spine and she was grateful she had already removed her upper body clothing. Then, with one more great heave, she freed the stubborn leggings from her ankles and tossed them to one side. Then, with as much grace as she could muster, she plonked herself on the toilet, a toilet that had eluded her so very much and just as in her alcove, she emptied her bladder into her underwear.

“Well, I made it to a toilet” she thought to herself in amusement “I’m still peeing, so I guess I made it” she almost chuckled.

*002*2022-05-05 15:46

{{On 5/3/2022 at 1:44 PM, derektor_2000 said:

Great story, thanks for posting!!

}}

Thank you!

*005*2022-05-07 12:03

{{On 5/6/2022 at 1:01 AM, MiraOMO said:

The detail in this story is superb!!

I do hope you plan to write more...

}}

Thank you!

That is the current intention. Right now I’m writing the second part of this story so if you have any more specific feedback as to the content, now would be a perfect time to say!

*008*2022-05-08 12:31

{{19 hours ago, orangelion said:

Good story! How come she didn't just pull her leggings down to her knees and sit on the toilet though? Why did she completely remove them?

}}

In my mind i was picturing her in an almost blind panic, she was not thinking rationally.

Or, perhaps i am just being generous to my own oversight you can decide yourself

