Torrie and Kaleigh’s Omo Adventures - Page 4

Author: slick66

*081*2021-11-03 04:05

It’s been some time since I’ve been able to sit down and take some time to write, and wasn’t sure how I wanted to take the story and life got in the way of having time, but definitely want to continue it. Anyway, hope you like where it goes for now and when I’m able to continue, I will. I’m not sure if I want to continue as a chronological story, or just write things that pop into my head. I mentioned it once a while back, but I write for my personal entertainment and as a stress release, so I just hope that someone else will enjoy it with me instead of keeping it in my head.

A New Friend…

Summer went on and Kay and Torrie continued having fun and enjoying their pee adventures together with each other and with their friends. They worked really hard all summer, socking away their money. The girls picked up every extra shift they could working and they were socking away money and they loved the job. Although their restaurant slowed down over the winter without all of the tourists visiting the beaches and many of the summer help got let go for the winter, they were already told that they had jobs for the winter if they wanted to stick around and they would, they actually loved the job and loved their manager, so they were going to stick around and work as much as possible.

Torrie had bought a nice used car from a family friend with the money she had been saving, a nice little Toyota Corolla, silver with black interior, it was almost brand new and had everything in it that she needed. Their family friend had an older parent that had bought the car and never drove it anywhere and then went to live in an adult community and didn’t need the car anymore, so Torrie benefited and was able to purchase the car for almost nothing. She just got her driver’s license right at the end of the summer and was very excited as she and Kay could now drive to school, so she would be the chauffeur for a little but until Kay got her license on January 25th.

Torrie couldn’t wait for the first day of school because on the first day coming home, she had this fantasy of her and Kay taking a short detour on the way home from school and getting really desperate, and peeing in the car and then going home to have some fun before her mom got home from work. The night before school, Torrie just couldn’t stop thinking about that first drive home after school. It was going to be very warm the first week of school, so she already knew that they were going to both be wearing little short denim shorts and tank tops as they had planned out their outfits earlier in the day. Kay would have her large breasts on full display. Torrie started to get the urge to relieve herself in more than one way, she needed to pee really bad before bed, and she also needed to relieve a little bit of her sexual tension.

As Torrie became more and more daring with her wetting habit, she had purchased a king size mattress protector that held every bit of her naughty wetting habit and it was easily wiped up with some towels, and it was great for when Kay came over and spent the night and the girls wanted to have some fun in bed and not on the cold hard floor in the basement where they normally would have fun. Torrie’s mom had noticed it one night when she stopped in Torrie’s room to tell her she was going to be late from work the next day and Torrie passed it off as a cooling pad. Torrie’s mom was kind of clueless and didn’t really care much. She had a suspicion that Kay and Torrie were into wetting themselves, because there was always a ton of Laundry to do whenever Kay was around, but she kind of kept to herself and let the girls do their thing, she never bothered them and the girls didn’t get in any trouble and she always knew where they were, so she gave them their space.

Torrie put her head back on the pillow as she laid on top of her mattress protector and just slowly leaked into her little white cotton panties that were stained yellow from several peeing accidents. They quickly became transparent with hot wet pee. The fabric was getting thin and didn’t hold much of anything as a pool of pee quickly formed around Torrie’s butt and creeped up her back and her shirt. Damn, She didn’t want to wet her shirt, but it was too late, the pee spread too quickly. She just decided to go with it and she rolled over on her stomach to absorb some more of the pee and let some run up her front and to her breasts. As she was totally soaked in her pee, her little grey t-shirt clung to her body as she feverishly rubbed herself to an intense orgasm. Once she was finished, she realized it was getting pretty late and she now needed to clean up and shower….ugh… the worst part about having wet fun...the clean up Torrie thought...

Kay woke up that next morning. Nervous, but excited to get back to it and hopefully get school over with and get ready for one last final summer and then onto college. Kay and Torrie were planning a summer road trip adventure after they graduated. It would be a 2 week adventure, they just had to decide where they wanted to go, but the motivation was there to get the school year started. Kay wiped the crusties from her eyes and got up, feeling the usual tinge on her bladder. If Kay had a twinge, it meant she had to go, as you know, Kay was the champion of holding her bladder.

She looked over at the clock, she had about an hour and a half before Torrie would be coming to pick her up. She looked over at her phone to see a snap that she got from Torrie in her wet clothes ”can’t wait to see you after school”. Kay thought about having some quick fun herself. She took her phone into her bathroom and sat down on the toilet and just peed directly through pink cotton VS panties. She had to go a lot and it forcefully soaked the front and entire back of her panties as she sat there and peed for what seemed like 5 minutes. She finished and stood up as pee started to drip down her legs from the saturated fabric, she jumped in the shower, returned Torrie’s snap, quickly got herself off and got her day started.

Seemed like the start to a pretty normal day in Kay and Torrie’s world…

A New Friend… part 2

Torrie arrived to pick up Kay at her house and they started off on their first day of Senior Year. Torrie and Kay had a couple of early classes together, so they were excited about that. They got over to school and made their way in, saying hi to all of their friends, some of which they didn’t see much over the summer, and of course finding their regular friends from their group, Katie, Niki, Alyssa, Lizzie, the crew was back at it for one more year. As they sat down getting ready for the first class, Torrie and Kay noticed a new face in the room.

A really cute Filipino looking girl with long black straight hair, about Torrie’s build, 5’ 3” and petite. She was wearing a little pair of skin tight white denim short shorts and a navy blue tank that highlighted her nice sized breasts for a petite girl and she had a nice visible panty line, showing off what appeared to be full back, but high cut panties under her little tight shorts that rode nicely up her butt, showed just enough of the bottom of her cheeks, but not too much to be risque for school. Torrie and Kay went over and introduced themselves and she looked surprised that on the first day someone was actually being nice to her.

“Hi, thanks so much for introducing yourselves, I’m Meghan, you can call me Meg. My dad is in the Coast Guard and just got a promotion and was transferred here to town. We’ve moved around a lot with his job, this is my 2nd school in the last couple of years, and like my 5th overall. I was hoping to finish school back on the west coast, but it was too far to stay out with friends and not be able to come back and visit my parents, so I said, why not, I”ll try a new adventure...and here I am…Oh, I’m adopted and I’m an only child, so yeah, I probably am a shrink’s dream patient. So, you pretty much know my life story” Meg was talking a mile a minute, seemingly very nervous.

“Calm down their kiddo” Kay laughed, you don’t have to tell us everything in 5 minutes, we will get to know you, I promise, but class is getting ready to start”. Kay and Torrie assured her she would love the area and that they would catch up with her at some point as the rest of their schedules seemed a bit different, but maybe they would see her after school, but would definitely be happy to show her around and get to know people in school.

The day came and went, and Torrie and Kay met up after their last class and were taking their time talking and getting what they needed to get home, they of course didn’t need to catch the bus now, so they had no care of how long it took to get packed up and ready to go as was the case with many of the other kids in their class now. As they were getting ready to leave, they heard a voice from down the hall… “Kaleigh….Torrie….!! Hey, it’s me, Meg, from this morning”.

“Well, hopefully she slows down a little bit from this morning” Kay and Torrie chuckled together. Kay and Torrie stopped and asked Meg how her first day of school was. “It wasn’t too bad, I had class with one of your other friends Alyssa, she was very nice. Other classes, people had their own things going on. People said hi and welcomed me, but past that, I kind of just hung out in class. It’s fine, that’s typical for being new in town and I look foreign, so people think I’m weird. You get a strange little Filipino girl that comes to your school and they don’t think I speak english” she chuckled.

“Well, you just stick with us, we will introduce you to people, that’s no problem” Torrie assured her.

“Well, I appreciate that. Well, ok, thanks for welcoming me in. By the way, where do I catch the busses, I got dropped off this morning because I had to be here early for a tour.”

“Well, girlfriend, you are about out of luck, the busses are on the other side of the school, but they are pulling out now”.

“Shit...No… really???... I’m screwed. Well, I guess I’m going to have to just walk home, I’m pretty close...ugh, well I was having a great day until now…”

“Where do you live? I can give you a lift, it’s really no problem at all” Torrie offered

“Really, you would do that for me? That would be amazing, my dad is working the late shift this evening and my mom had to head out of town to see my grandma, so she’s not back until next week. I live over on River Street, about 10 minutes from here”.

“Wait, really, we live on Chambers Court, right behind River, you are practically our neighbor.”

“No shit, well isn’t this a small world”

“Well, small community I guess, yeah, ok, well, let’s hit the Road. You are welcome to stop by and hang out with us for a little bit if you like, we always hang out after school and do homework and such.” Torrie said invitingly.

“I would love that, I just have to text my Dad to let him know, but he won’t be home until long after I’m asleep, so I know he won’t have a problem with that”.

The girls headed out to Torrie’s car and got ready to head back to her place. “I should have asked, but do you think I have time to hit the bathroom before we head back home??”

“Well, we are outside now and once you are out for the day, the doors are locked unfortunately, but we will be home fairly quickly” Kay said.

“Ok, I think I’ll make it, would hate to piss myself in front of my new friends on the first day we meet, usually I wait to do that until at least the 2nd date” Meg joked. Torrie on the other hand, ever the master of quickness chimed right in. “Well, we are always up for a good pissing on the first date, we don’t embarrass easily”... Meg was totally unphased and continued to carry on with the conversation to the surprise of the girls. “Well, ok, but I’m warning you, it’s going to be a mess if I pee in your car”... The girls started on their way as Meg kept her legs tightly pressed together, bouncing her knees up and down gently to help alleviate the pressure on her aching bladder. Kay and Torrie both also needed to go pretty badly, but they had been holding it in anticipation of having some fun with each other, but now...was there a chance that they could have a new “friend” to play with after school…

“So, I’m sorry if this is a little bit too upfront for us just meeting… but you guys are a couple, is that correct?” Meg asked curiously.

“Yeah, we are together, have been for a couple years, but grew up together also. Who spilled the beans, Alyssa???” Kay asked

“Yeah, kind of, I somewhat deduced it this morning and she somewhat confirmed it in a little round about way. I’m sorry, I’m nosy and my radar peaked this morning when I met you guys. I’m...like you guys... I’m into girls, but I’ve never been anywhere long enough to find anyone to get into a relationship with. I’ve suspected some girls in the past, but never had the courage to ask. I don’t know what it is about you guys, but you feel just like old friends. I kind of feel like I’m in some bizarro world that there are other girls into girls around here.”

“Well, you hit the fucking lesbian jackpot around these parts” Torrie laughed… “Alyssa is into girls…”

“Yeah, I kind of sniffed that one out, but definitely didn’t want to mention anything on the first day of class, people already think the new girl is a weirdo without meeting me to begin with”. The girls pulled up to Torrie’s house. Got everything unloaded and walked up to the door… “hmm, I hope I have my house key…”

“Very funny, I’ve seen this porn video before. I’m not on candid camera am I? You guys aren’t setting me up for some new girl prank”...

“Haha, calm down, we wouldn’t do that, no pranks...but I’ve seen that one too and it’s one of my favorites...and we wouldn’t mind seeing those little white shorts get wet…” Torrie was going for the kill and Kay just sat back and smiled, watching her work her magic, she was the master at convincing girls to just pee themselves, she just had the touch! Kay was always dumbfounded by it and she was ready to make it happen once again.

“Seriously? You watch...videos...umm, sorry, I talk too much when I’m nervous...I don’t think I can hold it much longer, you guys aren’t trying to set me up???”

“Haha, yes, do I watch porn, yes, I watch it a lot, probably way too much of it, way more than Kay does…and yeah, I am being very serious about wanting to see you wet… We won’t tell anyone, in fact, we do it all the time, right Kay”... “Yes, we do, which is quite a lot to be telling the new girl...on the first day Torrie…”

“Stop, she’s one of the girls, she’s right, you are like an old friend to us too…”

“Wow, I’m absolutely amazed, I met 2 new friends on the first day of school (which never happens), you are into girls, you like me, and you guys are into watersports…? I definitely don’t know what I did to deserve all of this good fortune on my first day. Can one of you pinch me to make sure I’m really not dreaming and the first day hasn’t really started….?????”

Torrie pinched Meg’s arm really hard and Meg yelped, Shit, I almost just pissed myself, I guess it is real.”

“Yeah it’s real, I promise. Come on in so we can have fun and we can show you we aren’t bullshitting you.”

The girls headed up to Torrie’s room and dropped off all their stuff and then headed down to the basement “girl cave” where all of the fun usually takes place.

Kay pulled out her set of spare identical shorts that she packed, so that she can change to head home without any suspicion and she would pick up the clean pair after school tomorrow.

“Well, I can’t really, I’ll just hit the bathroom, really, I can’t go home in peed white shorts…”

“No one will be home right…anyway, I wouldn't let you do that, I’ll give you a pair of shorts to wear while we wash them anyway and you’ll go home without anyone knowing any different, trust me, we know how to have fun around here...discreetly.”

The girls got downstairs and turned on the big screen TV. Kay sat on the floor in front of the couch and Meg stood in the room feeling still a bit uneasy, wondering if she was really getting abducted, but she also had this overwhelming feeling of excitement. Her heart was pounding out of her chest with excitement and nervousness… She had struggled for so long to find girls that were into other girls, let alone ones as hot as Kay and Torrie.

Kay had her shorts hiked pretty tight to her crotch and had her legs spread wide enough that her white cotton panties were exposed a bit. She was waiting for Meg to burst as Meg stood there bouncing uncomfortably, and almost nervously… Kay of course could hold it forever, but the excitement of seeing Meg standing there in her tight white shorts, imagining them suddenly getting wet, watching the crotch soak up the pee, seeing her tight little butt get all wet, she couldn’t contain herself as she rocked her hips back and forth slowly having the tight fabric of her denim shorts rub against her clit. Meg watched in awe as Kay’s huge nipples were on full display and Kay just blurted out…

“Well, I don’t know about you two, well, I guess I do know about Meg, who appears to be a bit pee shy right now, but I’ve not gone all day and I’ve been waiting to do this forever now.” Kay relaxed her pulsating pussy and instantly a huge gush of pee shot from Kay’s shorts, quickly soaking her panties and the front of her shorts, and slowly spreading down her butt and into a small pool on the tile floor. Her light denim shorts yellowed quickly and she stopped the flow of hot yellow pee, feeling the warmth spread under her ass. She put her hand down and rubbed her crotch to get a good feel for it, and to ease her excited pussy from throbbing… She almost came immediately with the feeling of the hot slippery wet pee in her panties and watching Meg struggle to hold her’s in.

“That was super hot Kay” Torrie quipped. “I know that’s not all you have left though…”

“Not even close, I just let out a small squirt” laughing…”You know me, I have a ton left...I just want to savor the feeling”

“How did you stop it like that...If I start, I don’t think I’m going to be able to stop and I’m still not sure this is even really happening in front of me…I’m...my heart is pounding...I have to sit down...I’m…”

“Relax kiddo, sit down on that chair right there and just breathe, in through the nose, out through the mouth and relax...whatever happens...happens and whatever happens, stays right here with us…” Kay let out another long spurt of hot wet pee as she rubbed her crotch again as it glistened yellow and the puddle expanded out more around her butt. Meg jammed her hand in between her legs, not only to stem her bladder from exploding, but to rub some of the excitement she was feeling on her tight little pussy.

She could feel her panties dampening from excitement, but she wasn’t sure if she might also be leaking a little bit. Torrie watched Meg out of one eye and Kay out of the other, enjoying the unfolding scene right in front of her. It was a dream, she had a new girl on the verge of joining the club and she knew that Kay was sinking the hook in so Torrie could watch a show with her and the new girl as Kay new it would satisfy one of Torrie’s fantasies of watching her get it on with a hot girl. Kay watched Meg’s breathing finally start to get under control, but she could still see she was breathing heavy, more now out of excitement than nervousness.

Kay stood up and the pee dripped down her legs from her soaking wet shorts. She walked over in front of Meg and grabbed Meg’s hand and placed it on he soaking wet shorts. “What do you think? You realize we aren’t trying to set you up for anything now right?”

“Umm...yes…” She pulled her hand away and looked at Torrie… I shouldn’t be touching your girlfriend... I’m sorry…”.

“Well, I insist... you must touch her... because I know we would like to touch you also, and we love having friends come in to “Play”. We are more than comfortable with our relationship with each other and no one will come in between us, as long as you know we’re just having fun, everything is all good.”

“Wow, umm.. I sure do know and I respect that, I’ll promise, I won’t overstep and...well, I just can’t believe you’re accepting me so much and...I’ve never met friends like you two.”

“Well, this will be the start of a long friendship now…” Kay picked Meg’s hand back up and placed it back and began to let out another long spurt of hot pee… Meg pushed up into Kay’s crotch feeling the pee stream out and rubbing as Kay started to breathe heavier. She slipped her fingers inside Kay’s shorts to feel Kay’s wet panties, hot, wet and slippery pee poured over Meg’s fingers, while she had known she was into girls, she had never made out with a girl and she certainly never got to see a girl pee her pants in front of her and certainly never imagined having this amazing experience.

Meg stood up and put one hand on Kay’s breast and kept rubbing with the other, getting closer to Kay, Kay could feel Meg’s heart beating out of her chest. Kay gently grabbed Meg’s hips and moved her hands down to her butt and squeezed her tight cheeks and whispered in Meg’s ear… “Relax and just let go” Kay felt Meg take a deep breath and she instantly heard a forceful hissing and then felt warm hot pee running down her leg as Meg’s crotch was pressed into Kay’s hip. Meg’s little white shorts quickly turned bright yellow and instantly see through. Hot yellow pee quickly shot straight up Meg’s cute little butt. Torrie secretly stood in the background and filmed the encounter, strictly for her own secret pleasure, as she would never share this with anyone without permission.

Meg peed for almost 2 full minutes full force, the pee creating a huge lake on the tile floor. Kay was a veteran and remembered to take off her shoes and socks, however, Meg was not so savvy and realized she was peeing into her sneakers, but she was in such a blissful state, she didn’t even care. Kay rubbed Meg’s pee covered butt and then her tight little pussy, Meg was softly moaning and thrusting her hips towards Kay’s hand. Torrie decided it was time for her to join in on the fun and came up behind Meg and reached in between Meg’s legs from the back, feeling the soaking wet yellow fabric of Meg’s denim shorts.

She reached around and unbuttoned Meg’s pants, unzipped her and slid her shorts down to expose her soaked and yellow white panties. Meg bent over slightly at the hips and Torrie rubbed Meg’s swollen pussy from behind as Kay gently caressed Meg’s breasts through her shirt. After a few minutes Meg’s breathing became very heavy and fast and finally, success, Torrie got her to climax to an earth shattering orgasm to the point that Meg screamed and got weak in the knees. Kay held her up and Torrie continued rubbing, Meg was so stimulated she was trying to squeeze her legs together, but Torre wouldn’t let her and all of the sudden Meg let out another gush of hot pee that ran down her legs and into her shorts that were pulled down to her knees.

“Holy fucking shit...I am so weak, I’ve never felt that before, how did you guys do that to me” Meg begged.

“What can we say, we just have the touch, and lots of practice…”

“Torrie, you are still rather dry over there” Meg pointed out…

“Not for long….” Kay grabbed Torrie from behind and begin tickling her under the armpits, Torrie screamed in laughter and almost immediately exploded in her tight little jeans shorts, pee cascaded down her legs, it was an instant waterfall. Meg quickly moved in front of Torrie and pressed her panties into Torrie’s shorts, soaking in Torrie’s pee and collecting the rest of it in her half pulled down shorts as Kay rubbed Torrie’s pussy from behind.

Meg feeling extremely comfortable now, slid her hand down the front of Torrie’s shorts and quickly found Torrie’s swollen clit and begin to get her off. For Torrie, it took her about a minute and she quickly orgasmed and then continued to empty out the rest of the contents of her bladder all over Meghan’s legs. Now there really was a virtual lake of pee all over the floor. As the girls stood there amazed, Meg pulled her shorts back up, and they were not completely saturated in her pee and Torrie’s pee. She savored the wet fabric and the smell of the pee in the room was almost a perfume for her, it was the greatest day of her entire life.

Torrie and Kay ran upstairs to grab some towels and told Meg they would be right back. Meg stood there in the room just completely amazed at what happened. She looked around and quickly sat down in the pee puddle on the floor, letting the pee soak into her shorts more. She was pretty sure her shorts were ruined, they were beyond yellow and she was pretty sure they wouldn’t come clean again. She put her hands down in the puddle and then brought some pee up to her nipples and then did her best to release some more pee as she sat on the floor to warm up the puddle. More pee came out and just soaked through, it was pure bliss.

See, Meg was hiding another secret, she has also been a life long bed wetter, and she has grown used to the feeling of being soaked in pee. She’s always hated wearing diapers which annoyed her parents, but she was responsible for doing her own laundry, so they turned the other way most of the time. Sometimes she would wear her diapers when she knew she didn’t have time to clean up of she had an accident and it wasn’t every night it happened. Really there was no rhyme or reason to when it happened and she never understood it, nor did her doctors, as there was never anything physically wrong with her. The unfortunate part of the situation for Meg was she never wanted to get close to a group of friends because she was always afraid they would find out about her “issue” and she never went to sleepovers, but now she had a feeling life was about to change for the better…

As she sat in the puddle day dreaming, Torrie and Kay came back and just smiled… Shit, I’m sorry, I just…

“You don’t have to explain anything, but you do have to help clean up!”

The girls cleaned up the floor, took showers and got changed into new clean clothes. “I’m not sure we are going to salvage these shorts Meg, I’ll try, but it’s going to be tough”.

“That’s ok, I have others...Maybe I can keep these at your house?? You know for other times..”

“Absolutely, I can hold onto them for you.”

The girls just sat and talked, finding out more about each other and all of Meg’s adventures. Meg also spilled the beans about her bedwetting problem, to which Kay and Torrie assured her there was no problem and that she was always welcome to stay over, as Torrie also had a Mattress protector that she often used for her and Kay to indulge in fun with.

Kay and Torrie told Meg all about their other friends that were also into watersports and showed Meg some of their videos that they have done over the last year or so. Meg was in heaven, she wished that they had moved here years ago and already wished that the year would last forever.

More to come!

*083*2021-11-05 15:38

The New Friend Part 3

First week of school was a rather short one. Kay and Torrie also had a rare Friday evening off and didn’t have to work until the breakfast shift on Sunday, which was a popular one in the fall when the tourists were pretty much starting to die down and some of the regular long time staff took off, so they got to cover a shift that they usually never got to work, so that gave them some time to hang out over the weekend and have some fun.

They figured Friday night after school they would head to Torrie’s house and hang out. Torrie’s mom was going to go to dinner with some friends right after work and there was a Football game at the school that they figured they would take Meg to and introduce her to some of the other girls in “the club”. They figured maybe after school they would take Meg for a little ride around town and show her some of the spots since they just moved into town about 2 weeks earlier, Meg really had stayed around the house since her Mom immediately hit the road to go take care of her mom out of town who had fallen ill, which for Meg was fine, she didn’t really have the best relationship with her Mom and her Dad was always working.

Meg was adopted, an only child, has been a lifelong bedwetter, and she always felt as though her Mom never really embraced her, as her dad was really the one that pushed to adopt a baby when they had several failed attempts of their own, and she just always got the sense that her mom went along with it, but there was always that undertone from her mom that showed her that she wasn’t really her blood and they never had a strong bond with each other. She loved her dad very much and they did have a strong bond, and he always took care of her, but he just worked weird hours over the last few years, so they became a bit more distant and he always seemed to butt heads with Meg’s mom on how to raise Meg and that also further drew a wedge between Meg and her Mom, so needless to say, she was kind of happy to have some time where her mom was out of town for a while.

After the first day of school, Meg was able to tell her dad that she made two friends right away and got permission to hang out with them on the weekend. He was happy that she was able to fit in so quickly here. She said that so far this was the best place they have ever moved to and that everyone has been amazingly nice to her so far. He told her to call her mom and she said that she texted her and didn’t hear back from her, so she wasn’t going to make any further effort. Dad said he would speak with her, which probably meant some sort of argument, so she didn’t want to be around for that.

Meg enjoyed the next couple days of school and eagerly waited for Kay and Torrie by Torrie’s car after school on Friday. Torrie and Kay came out and Meg could already tell that Torrie was bursting to pee. “Looks like someone’s about to burst…”

“Yeah, I overdid it a little bit with water at the end of the day, but I’ll be fine”

“She’s going to piss herself…” Kay laughed…

“Well, I am actually hoping that’s the case”

The girls headed over to Meg’s house first to pick up her stuff for the evening, she had no idea what to pack, so she had a bag of clothes that looked like she was going away for a week. When they got to the house, Meg’s dad was there waiting. “Hey, I didn’t know you were going to be home..” These are my friends Torrie and Kay, the ones I was telling you about from school.

“Well girls, I can’t thank you enough for making Meg feel at home here in town. My job isn’t easy on her and I wanted to make sure I was here to thank you for keeping an eye out for her.”

“It’s absolutely our pleasure, we all live so close too, we are just one street over, so it’s fun to have someone else our age in the neighborhood, we wish Meg had moved here a long time ago” Torrie stated. “Thanks so much for your service also, we are very appreciative of that, we have a lot of fishing industry here in town and having the Coast Guard protect them is amazing”.

“Well, that’s my pleasure. Ok girls, well it was very nice to meet you. I’ll be working most of the weekend, but I’m available if you need me, Meg, just give me a call if you need anything.”

“Don’t worry, she’s in good hands. Sunday we are going to bring her to work to fill out an application at the restaurant we work at also”.

“Well, thanks Kay, we appreciate that too, it will get her out of the house a little bit” as he chuckled and patted Meg on the back. “Have fun!”

“What a very nice man”

“Yes, he’s great...my mother on the other hand...she’s another story…”

“Sorry to hear that, my dad passed away a few years ago, so it’s just me and my Mom” Torrie said. “Sometimes mom and daughter relationships can be a bit strained, but they take effort”

“Yeah, well, because I’m adopted, I don’t think my mother really ever liked me that much, probably why I’m so fucked up” she laughed

“Stop, you are not fucked up, you aren’t any different than any of us!”

The girls stopped up to Meg’s room to pick up a few things, Most importantly, Meg realized she forgot to grab a nighttime pull-up just in case, so as the girls were up checking everything out, Torrie sat down on Meg’s bed, bouncing her knee up and down with her legs pressed together tightly. Her need to pee was getting to be a little bit much, but she purposely wanted to hold it because she really wanted to live out her fantasy of peeing in the car. She wore her really tight low rise jeans, the kind that showed off her belly and sat just below her hips and showed off the little muscular creases that seemed to point down to her pussy like 2 arrows on either side of her hips.

While bouncing her leg, she could hear the creasing of the plastic sheets on Meg’s bed. Meg heard it also and blushed with embarrassment for a minute, but then she realized, what the hell is she embarrassed about, she’s going to have full ability to pee her pants whenever she wants all weekend. She wore a pair of tight black leggings that showed every crease and curve in her lower half and she had a cute little pair of white boy shorts that didn’t show any panty lines under her leggings. Kay also went with the leggings route, figuring that if they wound up heading out and about, she could pee inconspicuously and the leggings would generally hide most of the wetness. Torrie on the other hand, was going bold with the jeans. “So…Tor, you look like you’re about to piss yourself…those jeans aren’t going to hide anything…” Kay quipped…

“Yes my dear, I’m quite aware of that, I’m going to change later into leggings so that when we are out and about, we can do our thing without being noticed.”

“Well, we aren’t going to do that for a while, what are you going to do now…what if I came over there and tickled you…”

“Don’t you dare, we are going to head back to my place first, and I am going to pee in these jeans…just not here, I’ll show you guys”.

“Ok, let’s get going then!, and Meg, we will be back here to try out your bed sometime…it looks like it’s comfy…”

“Well, as long as you don’t mind the pee smell, it’s comfy for sure!”

“The pee smell is what we want to come for…”

The girls made there way to the car and as they did, Torrie reached into the trunk and grabbed a few towels out, threw one at Meg and one at Kay. Let’s take a quick ride along the ocean before we head home.

“Umm, it’s a little chilly for skinny dipping today Tor”

“Yeah, the towels are not for jumping in the ocean silly, I have to pee and I’m just going to go while we take a ride…”

“Ohhh… I see…that I can’t wait to see”

“Have to practice for our Road Trip this Summer, we don’t want to make any stops, we can just pee right in the car…”

“I was thinking diapers…but this would be more fun…”

“Diapers are not comfortable….trust me…” Meg chimed in… “where’s the road trip going to be to?”

“We’re going to drive down to Disney World, figure 2 days down, stay for 5 days, then head back home, that’s going to be our graduation present from our parents.”

“Wow, you guys are so lucky…”

Torrie sat on her folded up towel, and started off in the car. As soon as she started the drive down to the ocean area, she started to release some of her bladder, her jeans were so tight on her pussy that it almost hurt when it came out and some of the pee even came right up the front of her jeans to her waistband. She let out a purposeful…Ahhh, that’s better. Kay looked down and saw the small puddle in Torrie’s lap that darkened her crotch and completely saturated her little butt in hot pee. She watched as the pee in Torrie’s lap just mysteriously started to disappear as it soaked into her jeans and secretly made it’s way down to the towel below her butt, making the backs of her legs and ass totally drenched.

“I can’t see back here…” Meg leaned around and poked her head between the two seats to see what was happening. Torrie let out another long jet of hot pee that again soaked down the front of her legs to her knees. She stopped the flow again and opened her legs to slow down for the traffic light. The puddle gently disappeared again into the towel below.

“Ohh man, I wish you were sitting on my lap…” Kay stated excitedly.

“I want to pee too…” meg exclaimed from in between Torrie and Kay…

“That’s why I brought a couple of extra towels…pee away…”

“Meg excitedly sat back and put the towel under her leggings clad ass and spread her legs and gently bent her knees up toward her chest and began to relax and just let go. She felt a rush of excitement and naughtiness that she’s never experienced before...peeing in the car... on purpose… it was amazing, Her pee audibly hissing from her leggings and running down her butt and quickly saturating the towel. She stopped the flow, scared that she would ruin Torrie’s back seat. “Man, my butt is so warm right now”

“I know right, doesn’t it feel so good”

Kay sat back and just watched as the two girls sat in their wet pants, blissfully letting out small spurts here and there. Torrie’s jeans were completely soaked from her waist to her knees and Meg’s butt and the backs of her legs were blissfully soaking in pee…

“How about you Kay…”

“Not yet, I’m going to wait until we get back to your house”

“Ok, suit yourself”

Torrie headed back towards her house, slowly releasing little small spurts and sucking down her water at the same time, so she was letting some out and quickly filling up with more water at the same time.

They arrived home and pulled into the garage. Torrie got out and squished from her soaking wet towel. Her jeans absolutely shiny and dripping wet and sticking to her legs and ass. She took the saturated pee towel from the seat and then grabbed Kay’s dry towel to dry off the leather seat. Meg got out also and they cleaned up her seat as well. She stood and peaked over her shoulder to look at her soaked wet butt… Little dripps were on the garage floor from both Torrie and Meg’s soaking wet pants. Torrie still had to pee, so she just stood there with her legs slightly apart and just blissfully released as the pee raced down the insides of her legs. Kay gently slid her hand down the inside of Torrie’s leg to feel the hot stream of pee now making a small puddle on the garage floor...Finally the flow stopped…

“I can pee more too…” Meg squeezed out another gush that traveled down her legs, making her leggings shiny and black, then it dissipated and almost looked as if there was nothing there. Kay slapped her ass gently and a spattering of pee sprayed everywhere. They look dry, but they are soaked! Kay laughed. These leggings are awesome.

“That’s why I figured I would wear them, I’ve had some experience p… having accidents in these”

“You mean peeing yourself on purpose…” Kay laughed.

“Maybe once or twice” Meg smiled. “Kay? Still holding out?”

“Yeah, I don’t have to go that bad yet, but I guess I can partake a little bit” Kay stood there with one leg crossed over her other leg and just nonchalantly let a stream of pee out that soaked down both of her legs and up the butt of her leggings and she made a small puddle on the floor…” She pulled her leggings down to check out the damage on her pink cotton panties. Yep, nice and yellow and wet.

“Nice Kay, let’s head upstairs and start getting rehydrated for the game later. We are going to meet up with our friend Alyssa that you met in class Meg. “ She’s going to come and hang out with us after the game also, that way you have someone to play with…

“Wait, really, she’s going to hang out with us?”

“Yeah, she’s coming by and then she’s going to the game with us and you guys can hook up later...only if you want to of course”...Torrie smiled

“Umm, yeah, I can’t wait to.. I’m going to explode…”

“Breathe girl, you’re getting hyper again”.

“I know, I just peed again...excited pee, sorry” there was a little small set of drips on Torrie’s bedroom floor.

“No worries, it’s not the first time this floor has seen pee”

Torrie’ stripped off her soaking wet jeans to reveal a pair of tiny low cut white cotton panties that had zero dry fabric on them, soaked through, they clung to her little ass and you could see right through them. You guys want to give me your wet pants, I’ll throw them in the dryer? No need to wash them, that way we can just pee in them at the game later, I’m going to put on some black leggings also.

“Is it ok if I just keep mine on for now? You guys wouldn't’ think I”m gross would you?” Meg asked.

“I’m going to keep mine on also, I kind of like the feeling of wet pants under a warm blanket…”

“Yes...that sounds great”

The girls went down and hit the big couch with tall ice teas and started to rehydrate for the game and awaited Alyssa to come by for the game.

Torrie sat in between Meg and Kay and as they all sat under the blanket, Torrie let her hands slide down to feel both Meg’s and Kay’s wet pants at the same time...

*086*2021-11-11 11:51

Torrie, Kay, and Meg were just hanging out on the couch, relaxing and dozing off on the couch when the obsessive ringing of the doorbell made the 3 girls jump out of their little nap, all 3 still in their wet pants from their earlier fun. Again the doorbell rang over and over…

Torrie ran upstairs, heart pounding from being abruptly awoken from her nap. It was Alyssa…

“What the fuck were you doing, I’ve been out here ringing the doorbell for like 10 minutes…”

“Stop it, you were being an asshole on purpose, we were taking a nap”

“Looks like you had a wet dream…that’s pretty hot there Tor…”

“Shit...I forgot I didn’t change…hahaha, holy shit, good thing it was you at the door…”

Alyssa slapped Torrie on her soaking wet jeans ass and grabbed a bit handful of Torrie’s but, squeezing pee into her hand from Torrie’s soaking wet jeans. “So, where’s the new girl, Meg, did she come over?”

“Yeah, she’s in the basement, she’s soaked also...we had a little bit of fun after school and then decided to doze off on the couch and no one felt like changing.”

“Dirty little bitches…that’s so hot, I should have just come home from school with you guys”

“Yeah, you missed out, but we still have some time for some fun if you want…or you can just save it up for when we get to the game.”

Alyssa was wearing a pair of skin tight, dark black jeans that she had tested out by peeing herself on the toilet last week at home and they hid the wetness perfectly fine, in fact, she had peed herself and then she went down to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water while her parents were in the kitchen cleaning up after dinner and no one even noticed. She felt so naughty doing it, but it was a total rush of excitement and she couldn’t wait to go to the game tonight and naughtily piss herself while no one suspected anything at all.

Alyssa and Torrie headed up to drop Alyssa’s stuff in her bedroom and they admired how wet Torrie’s jeans were. In the meantime in the basement while Kay and Meg waited for Alysssa and Torrie to come back down to the basement, Meg realized that she had wet herself again while relaxing on the couch and she was sitting in a little bit of a small puddle on the leather couch. She looked over to Kay. “Kay, I totally peed while we were napping…”

“So what, that’s why we stayed in our wet pants right…we wanted to stay wet…”

“Yeah, but I wet myself while napping, I had no idea I did it…”

“Probably because you were in your wet pants already, you’re hot little body just didn’t know any difference…” Meg Chuckled… “Yeah, I guess. What if I pee in the bed tonight?”

“So, what if you do? Torrie has a protector on the bed, who cares…”

“Ok, I just don’t want to become the unwelcome wetter”

“Umm, there’s no unwelcome wetting here at this house, trust me”

“Ok, I feel a little better” Meg stood up as her but dripped with pee, her leggings were soaked, panties soaked. Kay’s leggings had started to dry a bit, but her panties were still pretty soaked in pee. Alyssa and Torrie came through the door while Meg had stood up with her pee dripping from her butt and down her legs from her little nap accident…

“Hey there girl, how’s it going, Alyssa asked Meg…

“Ummmm, yeah, it’s good...I think…” Meg was totally flushed with excitement and a little bit of embarrassment, because she didn’t really know Alyssa that well, even though she knew she was part of the “club” she still was a bit embarrassed for standing there in her soaking wet leggings, even though they didn’t really show that much evidence of looking wet, besides the drips coming off her ass from the puddle she was sitting in on the couch.

“Why don’t I throw your leggings in the dryer for about 20 minutes to dry them off before we head out for the game.

“Yeah, that would be amazing…” Kay stripped off her leggings and her panties and stood naked from the waste down…”take my panties also please”. Kay just sat back under the blanket with no panties and pants on…

“Meg?” Torrie asked

“Ummm, I guess that sounds nice...sure…” She stripped off her soaking leggings and revealed her little white boy shorts that were now completely see through and soaked in hot yellow pee. At first she was embarrassed to take her panties off. Alyssa helped her out, saying how hot she looked in her wet panties. She walked over to Meg and whispered to her…”can’t wait to watch you wet these again later…” Meg shuddered with excitement. She peeled the wet panties off and handed them to Torrie.

“These are going to be pretty stained... you want me to wash them first?”

“Nah, that’s ok, no one sees them but me anyway…”

“Ok...no prob”

Once the girls pants and panties were dry, Torrie handed them to the girls, all nice an dry and warm, the girls put them on and got ready to hit the game. The girls chugged some large waters down and headed out to the game. They got to the game and got some hot dogs from the concession stand and each got a large soda and chugged them down. The girls started to get more and more desperate to pee.

Alyssa was noticeably fidgeting. Meg couldn't stop staring at Alyssa’s crotch. She loved the bulging mound that Alyssa’s pussy made in her skin tight jeans and she just couldn’t stop fantasizing about going down on her after she’s peed in her pants. In fact, she was fantasizing about Alyssa peeing into her jeansas she licked her pussy….it would be the first time she would ever do anything like that with another girl and she was only hoping Alyssa would oblige her fantasy later. Alyssa looked over at Meg and saw her staring at her lap and she purposefully started to rock her hips slowly, pushing her jeans into her pussy lips, giving a nice camel toe, but also getting her off at the same time as she stared at Meg… She decided to break the silence…”so, you like what you see….” Meg jumped out of her skin…”what, sorry...I... god, I’m being so rude…”

“Not at all, I was asking a serious question…”

Meg leaned in so no one around them could hear…”I really can’t wait to lick your wet pissy pussy later...How’s that for an answer….too forward???”

Alyssa was caught off guard a little bit as she had never had another girl go down on her, she had fooled around with girls of course and loved it, but she hadn’t gotten really hard core yet, and was thinking Meg was going to take her to the next level, when in reality, both girls would experience things they’ve never experienced before….

“I really have to piss like a racehorse also…” Meg whispered in Alyssa’s ear…

“Let’s grab Torrie and Kay and we can go take a walk maybe”

Torrie and Kay had met up with Bri and Little Niki and brought them over and introduced them to their new friend Meg.

“So this is Meg... She’s one of us now…” Torrie proudly exclaimed…

Meg wasn’t 100% sure what that meant, but she went along with it, she figured it must be a good thing if she was “one of the crew”.

“So, I heard you guys are going back to party at Torrie’s later.. So Jealous, we wish we could join you, but we have to work early tomorrow morning. Our friend Katie and her sister Riley are 2 of the cheerleaders out there, there they are, right over there, the two hot blonde haired girls on the end. I bet they are peeing their knickers as we speak…” Niki joked…

Meg was just spinning.. How big is this club of wetting girls?????? She thought to herself… this is crazy, and each one is just as hot as the next…

The girls all took a walk down towards the concession stands and adjacent to the area is the bathrooms. The line for the girls bathroom was about 50 deep by half time. Niki joked that she wanted to stand in line and pretend that she couldn't hold it and just piss herself in front of everyone and walk away… but she chickened out when the girls egged her on to do it. The four girls started to walk down towards the baseball field, where they figured that they might be able to go relieve themselves in private, and secretly so that no one would know one would observe what they were really doing. The girls started to make their way towards the path behind the school when they realized it was blocked off and there was security standing near the pathways. “Where are you heading ladies?”

“Umm, we were just going for a walk during half time, we always go down this way for a walk” Torrie answered the security guard.

“Sorry, not anymore, too many kids going down that way to drink and cause damage during games, school wanted it blocked off. That where you guys were heading, down to “drink”.”

“Umm no, just for a walk…”

“And to pee...Meg muttered under her breath”

“Yeah, well, too many kids going down there and doing things you’re not supposed to be doing so turn around and head back, sorry”

“Great...Ok, well, thanks, you have a good night…”

The girls all waked back towards the bathroom line, which was now even longer....

“Well, I guess we aren’t going to get any sort of privacy out here this evening and I’m really starting to get to the point where I am not going to be able to hold it much more” Meg whined…

“Well, we probably won’t get any private spots at this point, and it’s starting to get a bit chilly out, so one thing we can do is just head back towards the car and hit the road, the game is boring and we are getting killed, so I don’t mind heading back”.

“Sounds good to me” Kay said excitedly, “let’s get the heck out of here”.

“Ok, jealy bitches, wish we could join you, we will catch up with you at some point” Bri said.

Niki bent down and pretended like she was tying her sneakers in more of a squat position with her ass close to the ground. The girls all looked down and immediately knew what she was doing, they could hear a faint hiss and see Niki’s crotch pouring shiny pee, it actually steamed a little bit in the cooling air of the evening. She casually sat there fiddling with her sneakers and peeing away blissfully through her leggings with no care in the world. She stood up and finished and patted her butt and inspected them for damage. “Looks good, you can’t even tell, can you”

“Nope, well done”

“Ok, we are heading back see you later!” and just like that, Niki and Bri headed away.

Torrie, Kay, Meg, and Lyss made their way to the parking lot, as soon as they got to the car, Meg leaned up against the door with her legs spread and hips and knees slightly bent and immediately let loose a torrent of pee that began streaming down the backs of her legs and ran off at the back of her knees like a river. Same as Niki, steam came from her crotch and legs as the pee flowed out of her body like a waterfall. She peed for about 2 minutes straight and the girls stood there in awe watching her soak her leggings and the river of pee that was flowing into the parking lot.

“WOW, that was a lot of PEE” Alyssa laughed… “I guess you really did have to go huh?

Meg still stood there half bent over, breathing heavy… “Guys, that was a legit accident. I really couldn’t hold it, I tried, it just all of the sudden burst out of me”.

“It sure was”. Alyssa walked over to Meg and stood her up straight. Just then there was voices coming, a bunch of people were starting to come in the distance.

“Ok, let’s get the heck out of here before anyone sees us standing in a pee puddle”

The girls got in the car and quickly began to leave. Alyssa’s hand made its way down to Megs wet inner thighs and soaked crotch. Meg whispered to Alyssa, how about you, when am I going to get to feel your wet pants.

“Very soon”

“Just let out a tiny bit for me”

“Ok, I’ll try”. Lyss relaxed and tried to let out some pee, the tight fabric of her jeans pushed up against her clit and was getting her super horny, but also keeping the pee back a bit, she tried to half stand and yank her jeans down a little bit from pushing up so much. She was able to get them down a tiny bit and she semi laid back on the seat, Meg put her hand down near Alyssa’s crotch to see if she could get a quick feel. Finally Alyssa let out a small warm jet that just dampened the crotch of her jeans a tiny bit. Her panties were quite wet as the pee soaked down to her butt, but still didn’t make it’s way fully into her jeans.

“Ok, we’re here ladies…we will have time for fun now. My mom is probably home, it’s already about her bedtime, so you guys can just head to my room and I’ll check in with her and let her know we are home.”

“Shit, that’s right, I forgot your mom was going to be home, nice to meet you, I totally peed my pants…”

“Don’t worry, she’s not going to even notice, just stand behind us, and that’s if she’s not already in bed”.

The girls went inside, no sign of Torrie’s mom, she was already upstairs getting ready for bed.

The girls got to Torrie’s room. Kay decided to take out her skintight white leggings from her little clothes pile that she had and Torrie took off her leggings and sat there in her tank top and little white cotton panties.

Meg still in her soaked leggings and Alyssa having just dampened her jeans figured, she would just leave them on for now.

As the girls sat on the floor, they played some soft music and Meg said, so girls, since I’m new, tell me some stuff about you guys…tell me some stories about…you peeing your pants…

To be continued

*088*2021-11-12 06:02

The girls sat listening to music and chatting. Meg had put on some dry grey leggings and a fresh pair of tiny white cotton bikini cut panties. Torrie and Kay started telling about how they had been friends for a very long time and how when they were younger they would pee in their bathing suits and then how they started getting curious about peeing and started searching the internet and they both started watching videos and getting excited about watching other girls pee their pants. When they both realized they were into the same thing, they started doing things together and how they realized that not only did they grow up as best friends, they realized that they were really soul mates in many ways. Torrie noted how she really loved peeing in her tight jeans, that was her absolute most favorite thing to do when peeing. They then told Meg about their whole network of peeing girls and the occasional pee parties that they would have.

Meg was just totally fascinated and amazed that she had stepped into what seemed like a fantasy world. She still wasn’t even sure this was real or not. Meg told the girls about how she grew up moving from place to place, never really having any long time friends, and how she didn’t get along with her mom. She talked about how she struggled with bed wetting her entire life and how her mom just destroyed her for it her entire life and how finding this place has just changed her life. Even though Meg wet the bed involuntarily, she learned to like the feeling of peeing her pants and how it would make her really horny, but how she always felt guilty for enjoying her problem, and she always thought there was something majorly wrong with her until she met Torrie and Kay and now has heard about this whole secret community of wetting girls.

Alyssa hugged Meg and assured her that no one here would ever make her feel bad again and that she would be one of the group. Alyssa then took Meg’s hand and pulled her in and kissed her softly on the cheek, then moved down to her neck. Kay and Torrie watched on anxiously as the two girls started to kiss and make out. They were so happy for both of them and they just were so enamored with watching the two girls make out. Meg’s hands started feeling Alyssa all over, she gently rubbed Alyssa’s swollen and throbbing pussy.

Alyssa’s jeans were so tight on her crotch that Meg’s hand and the seem of her jeans digging into her clit felt unbelievable. Meg’s talented fingers made Alyssa orgasm in her jeans and the pee she had built up in her full bladder started to release as she was orgasming. The warm hiss started to spread from her pussy, up the front of her jeans, all over her butt and on the inside of her thighs as she audibly moaned. Torrie and Kay watched the shiny wet pee spreading all over Alyssa’s jeans. 

Torrie gently stroked Kay’s pussy and Kay returned the favor. Alyssa shuddered and orgasmed again…and again audibly moaned as more pee poured into her jeans. Meg continued rubbing and feeling the hot wet slippery pee spread through her fingers. She also felt the hot pee soaking into her leggings as she was also sitting in Alyssa’s puddle of pee. Alyssa seemed to be in a trance like state, oblivious to her huge peeing accident. She and Meg French kissed each other passionately and it seemed as though a 3rd orgasm came. Alyssa slumped down and begged for a rest. “Give me a minute…I have to catch my breath…Holy shit, I can’t believe that happened…I’m so sorry for the huge mess…”

“No prob babe, you’re going to clean it up though…” Torrie laughed

Meg’s little soaked leggings begged to be touched. Alyssa began to reciprocate the sexual contact, Meg straddled Alyssa on the floor and sat facing her pussy sitting on top of Alyssa’s pussy, she released a long hissing torrent of pee into Alyssa’s lap…

“Might as well add to the puddle”. The girls continued rubbing each other and kissing and trying to squeeze out more pee as they went. Pants came off and both girls were in their soaking panties in the pee puddle, just feeling each other, fingering each other and going through several orgasms. Their white panties were soaked, yellow, sagging and dripping with pee. Torrie and Kay watched the girls making out for a good 30 minutes straight without even coming up for air. Kay was finally at the point that she was ready to finish off herself. Torrie did her thing and brought Kay to an earth shattering orgasm that almost caused her to scream out loud, even though Torrie’s mom knew they made out, she didn’t want to draw attention with a scream like that and have her mom come in and see a giant puddle of pee on the floor.

She held her mouth as her eyes rolled back in her head and Kay’s white leggings slowly became saturated in hot pee, quickly going see through, revealing her ass and pussy, as she opted to go without panties. Torrie was slowly leaking the entire time and decided to just release her flood as well, she quickly soaked her favorite pissing jeans that she had put on when the girls got home. She stood up and quickly drenched her jeans straight down her legs, her ass was soaked as well. 

Kay got in front of Torrie and pulled her jeans down and started to go down on her through her soaked white panties. Tasting the slightly salty hot wet pee in Torrie’s panties. She then pulled them to the side and stuck her tongue all over Torrie’s huge rock hard clit. She then used her hand and gave Torrie an amazing orgasm of her own and to her surprise, got sprayed with more pee as Torrie orgasmed. Shit, I’m sorry Kay, I didn’t mean to squirt on you…I didn’t realize I was going to do that… Fuck babe, that was hot, I loved it, I didn’t know you started squirting. “Me either…”

After the four girls made out for close to 45 minutes, they realized they had a huge mess to clean up on Torrie’s floor. They got everything cleaned up and clothes in the wash and then all 4 girls showered together, washing each other down and now making out more…

Once it was time for bed, Meg started to get a diaper out… “you don’t need that meg, I have my mattress protector on the top of the bed, we will sleep on top of it so that way no sheets will get wet if anyone has an accident. Lyss wore a tight little pair of light blue and skin tight cotton shorts and pink cotton panties. Her butt cheeks stuck out from them nicely. Kay put on a pair of little yellow cotton shorts and she opted to put on a pair of white panties underneath. Torrie had white cotton shorts on and Meg reached for a pair of little black spandex shorts and a fresh pair of white bikini panties. The girls all drank a bottle of water before bed as all of the making out made them thirsty. That proved to make things very interesting…

The 4 girls shared Torrie’s king size bed, all snuggled up together. Around 3am, Torrie woke up with a major twinge in her bladder. She was all the way on the end, Kay was next to her, then Meg, then Lyss on the other end. Torrie was so comfy in bed, she didn’t want to get up. She reached over to hold Kay by the hips and realized that the side of Kay’s shorts were wet. She then moved her hands down to Kay’s crotch and it was dry… Shit… Meg peed the bed…Torrie woke Kay up quietly to tell her… Kay reached over and felt Meg’s shorts and they were soaked in pee…

“Poor thing, she didn’t even realize she did it”.

“Should we wake her up?”

“I don’t know…I really have to pee also” Torrie admitted. “Ok, so what the hell, might as well just go”.

“Ok, I’m going to do it…”. Torrie released her full bladder, quickly soaking her shorts. It puddled under her ass and spread over to Kay a little bit. Now Kay had Meg’s pee on one side of her pants and Torrie’s on the other.

Kay woke Meg up to tell her that she had peed. Meg started to tear up… “Hey, it’s ok, Torrie pissed herself also… and I’m going to go next…” Kay rolled over and faced Meg and just slowly released her pee, running down her right leg, spreading up her ass crack and into the mattress protector. Meg smiled and said, I love you guys, I appreciate you trying to make me not so awkward for peeing. “Hey, it’s totally cool, I wanted to pee myself also, you forget where you are, we pee our pants every day, sometimes multiple times a day… we like pee pants…”

The three girls then realized that they had soaked Alyssa also…but she slept so peacefully, they just figured they would let her be. The girls then drifted back to sleep for a few more hours. Torrie’s mom knocked on the door around 715am…Torrie, I’m going to work…make sure you clean your bedroom today please… “yes mom, love you, will see you later possibly”. Kay, Meg, and Lyss started to wake up also. Lyss jumped up and inspected her wet shorts… Fuck… I… “no, it was the 3 of us, sorry”

“Ohh, that’s ok, I thought it was me”. Lyss laid back down and slowly released her morning pee to the wet mattress protector. The girls could hear it hissing loudly from the covers… “sorry…had to go, you guys peed on me, I’m peeing on you, lyss then rolled on top of meg, then to Kay, then to Torrie, spreading her pee to the 3 girls, they all laughed and grabbed Lyss and the 3 girls all got on top of her and started to pee on her. The bed was virtual lake of pee and there was not a dry stitch of clothing on the 4 girls, even their hair was wet. After making out for a while, the 4 girls cleaned up the bed and then showered again with each other. What an epic weekend this was for Meg so far!

*090*2021-11-14 06:17

Meg and Alyssa became fast friends, in fact, they seemed to be official girlfriends. It was great for Torrie and Kay, as they could somewhat settle back into their regular routine of spending time together without having to entertain Meg as much. The girls were planning a get together at Jule’s mansion, as her parents were heading out of town on a trip for her father’s work and she was hanging back because of school of course.

In the meantime, Katie had called Torrie and mentioned to her that her cousin Mandy had invited her to a Sorority Party at her new college on a Friday evening and her parents were out of town with her sister for one of her sister Riley’s competition dance teams, so she needed to get a ride because Mandy was still not allowed to have a car on campus as a Freshman, so she had asked if Torrie and Kay would want to come along with her and then they would come back on Saturday. Torrie got permission from her mom to go hang out at Katie’s and Kay with Torrie and Katie with Kay and Torrie and the plans were in motion. They didn’t have to go far, the college was in state, only about 90 minutes further south of where the girls lived and it was a fairly well known party school, but also had a good nursing program which Mandy was enrolled in.

Mandy said there have been nothing but crazy parties, and this was her Sorority House’s first party that they were hosting, and apparently her Sorority was known for having the most epic of parties. The girls figured they had some room in the car, so they figured they would bring along Niki for the ride as well to help keep an eye on Katie. The day came Torrie had all the girls picked up and they made their way down to Mandy’s Sorority house to see her and Sammy, who was also in the same program as her in college and the same Sorority of course. 

The Sorority house was owned by a rich Alumni of the school that was once in the Sorority and then married a multi-millionaire, and donated the house to the Sorority along with always donating large amounts of money to various charities they supported and as well as “leaving” money in the house for the girls to have parties. The house was huge, with 15 bedrooms and about 15 other rooms, a huge basement that was fitted out for parties and soundproofed for loud music so that no neighbors would ever call the cops for loud music.

Many of the girls lived in the dorms on campus, and you had to be an officer of the Sorority, or a senior to live in the house and only if there were spaces available would they offer them out to underclassmen that got picked in a lottery drawing. The plan was meet at Mandy and Sammy’s dorm, then take a couple of Ubers to the party which was about a 10 minute ride from campus.

The girls arrived to Mandy and Sammy’s dorm room. It was pretty small, the girls were going to have to be creative with sleeping. They all brought a sleeping bag for the floor and their pillows and some party clothes. Mandy said it was not uncommon to see 10 or more girls per party pissing their pants because the bathroom lines were too long and alcohol was flowing at incredible rates. Tonight was a double Sorority mixer, only girls allowed, that’s why she invited the girls to come down. She wouldn’t quite yet expose them to a fraternity mixer yet. This was a night where some of the girls would not participate, but many of the girls that wanted to secretly experiment with other girls would come to the parties and the other sorority that was coming was another notorious party sorority. This was a secret party, only put out amongst the groups in secret so that word did not get around to the wrong folks on campus, but the girls could bring the “appropriate” guests with them.

“There’s probably going to be about 80 to 100 people, well girls at this party”. Mandy told the group. It’s a good group of girls in our sorority, many have invited friends to come along, which is why we were allowed to bring you guys along with us. When get there, feel free to have fun, but we need to all leave together, I don’t want to lose anyone, although there’s no guys coming to this party, I want to make sure we all arrive back on campus. The Alumni that owns the house is arranging a bus back to campus that will leave at different times and there’s a female driver because of it being an a female only party.

The girls got two Ubers and headed over to the Sorority house. When they go to the incredible estate, the girls were in awe of the place. Everything was furnished very nicely. Lots of tile flooring for easy cleaning and dark colored furniture. There was a huge kitchen full of food and all the beer and booze you could imagine. Sammy and Mandy checked in their guests and introduced the girls to some of their Sorority Sisters. Their heads were spinning as they met so many different girls. Most were smoking hot with killer bodies. Lots of super short mini skirts, girls in what amounted to bra tops, some in little hot pants, even though it was getting to be winter. There were lots of tight jeans as well.

Kay had worn a pair of sexy skin tight jeans overalls and a belly shirt with her enormous breasts popping out. She was garnishing lots of smiles and looks from other girls. Torrie had on a pair of light blue jeans and a white tank. Katie was in a tight little jean skirt with her usual little thong and a bra top, and Niki was wearing her tight little jeans and a nice belly shirt showing off her rock solid abs and sexy little belly button piercing. Mandy and Sammy both wore a pair if tight white jeans and a red sorority shirt, which seemed like that’s what all of the girls in her sorority were wearing. They had some sort of tight pants or super short mini skirt and this super tight form fitting red sorority shirt with the sorority logo on the front. The other sorority that came to the house had a blue sorority shirt and all guests were in whatever, so you could tell who the guests were and who the sorority girls were.

On the main level of the house there was the fully stocked kitchen as well as well as about half the bedrooms, then there was an upstairs with the other bedrooms and some common hang out spaces or living rooms for the girls that lived in the house full time. There was one set of common bathrooms for “guests” of the party on the top level, one on the main level and then there was one in the basement as well. The girls hit the basement and there was more drinks and more food everywhere, music played, there were large screen TV’s, several beer pong tables set up, pool tables, video games, some more “private rooms” which Mandy pointed out were hook up rooms during parties. There was a nice sized yard out behind the house that housed more games, a fire pit, and places to sit and relax, although this time of the year it was a bit chilly if you weren’t by the fire pit.

The party went on, the girls stuck with Mandy and Sammy hanging out for a while, drinking beers. There were girls smoking weed in the one room in the basement and lots of beer pong games going on. About 90 minutes into the party, alcohol was flowing like water and girls were hammered everywhere. Lines for the bathrooms were starting to get pretty crazy. “This is when the fun starts ladies” Sammy exclaimed. “You’re going to start seeing girls hook up and you’re going to start to see girls pissing themselves”. Kay and Torrie scanned the room and were looking to see who was going to lose it first. “So, what happens if you do happen to…have an accident” Niki asked.

“Nothing, you have an accident and you keep on going. Find someone to hook up with, drink more, have another accident, no one cares here, that’s the great fucking thing about this house and parties here. You just do whatever and no one will bother you or make fun of you or anything, in fact, it’s one of the rules, no judging.”

“Kay and I are going to head over towards the bathroom line to observe…”

Torrie and Kay posted up on a chair together and watched girls waiting in line, some super desperate to pee. Two sorority girls got in line, two smoking hot blonde girls, with long straight blond hair, perfect bodies, incredibly tan for this time of the year, and both had perfect figures, not too skinny, with perfectly shaped asses that were poured into their tight jeans. One girl had super low rise jeans on and you could make out the top of her thong, the other girl seemed like she had bikini briefs on under her tight jeans. The girls observed as they were about 15 girls deep for the bathroom. Both were from the blue Sorority house.

“Fuck, I’m not going to make it waiting in this line and this is the shorter of the bathroom lines”.

“Well, maybe we can find another spot or we can go outside”.

Torrie walked up behind the girls and introduced herself. “Hey, I’m Torrie, this is my friend Kay. This line is pretty crazy and it’s just not moving”.

“Hey, I’m Kelly, this is Sydney. Yeah, this is our first time here. Do you guys go to the school here?”

“No, we go to another school up north, we came down to visit a good friend who’s in this Sorority, we were invited meat…” Torrie laughed. “You know, no one cares what you do around here, you don’t have to necessarily wait for the bathroom. If you have to go, you can just go…”

“You mean…just…go??? Like in our pants???” Kelly asked curiously.

Just as Kelly asked, Torrie spotted a super hot red head in tight white pants walking towards them and her pants were soaking wet from her waist to her ankles. “Yeah, see, check her out, she probably just figured I’m going to just let it out and get going with my night, why waste time in line”.

The girls saw Sammy and Mandy heading into the room that they were smoking in, they spotted Torrie and Kay and nodded for them to come along…

“You guys want to follow us…”

“Sure, why not”

They headed into the room where there was about 10 hot chicks smoking weed and getting very touchy feely with each other. Sammy and Mandy hit the bong in the room and continued drinking more beers on top of that. Kelly and Sydney each took a hit as well from the bong and after a short time were not only a bit drunk, but they were high and their inhibitions at this point were pretty much gone. Kelly stated that she really had to pee bad and that she wasn’t going to be able to hold it. The smoking hot Red Head that had pissed her pants walked into the room and greeted Sammy and Mandy, she was in their sorority. Hey girls, who’s your hot friends. These are our new friends Kelly and Sydney, and this is my hot cousin Katie, her friend Niki and Torrie and Kay. Nice to meet you guys… Kay, I have to say, you have the biggest tits I’ve ever seen… Oh, I’m Becky by the way, nice to meet you guys.

“Nice to meet you too Becky…” Kay stated. “So, you…had a little accident”. “Yeah, bathroom lines were too long, said fuck it, I would rather piss myself than go in the bathrooms at this point anyway, they are going to be filled with puke and shit at this point, so about this time is when girls just give up…or get lazy like me. Just then another girl walked in and the girls could make out a line of pee in her jeans also. “Hey Kayla” Kayla was a smoking hot brunette that looked like she should be a model. Her jeans were soaked and she had the most incredible camel toe going in her tight wet jeans. “You gave up too”. “Yeah, it’s that time of the night, I’m wasted and I just don’t even care at this point. I’m probably going to piss my bed later too, so why not…”

“That a girl”

Kay, Torrie, Niki, and Katie stood there amazed. “This is the best fucking party ever”. Katie walked up to the two hot girls standing in their soaked pants and just boldly touched their wet jeans… “umm, starting to maybe get a little cold, you might need to be warmed up.”

“Ohh yeah, well, I’ll just warm mine up then…Just then, a streak of glistening pee lit up Becky’s jeans and quickly traveled down both of her legs and up her butt”. She leaned in and whispered to Katie, try now… “yep much warmer” as Katie felt Beck’s soaking wet crotch… “Kayla then started to do the same”. Katie was now feeling both girls wet jeans and then let loose in her thong and pee cascaded down her bare legs under her tight mini skirt. Becky quickly shoved a hand under Katie’s skirt and they moved off to one side of the room to make out….

“Well, we won’t see her for a while” Sammy laughed.

Kelly stood there with her hand pressed into her crotch and knew that she was going to have to give in soon. Torrie walked up to her and grabbed her hands and put them over her shoulders and wedged her leg in between Kelly’s legs and she started grind grinding up on Kelly’s tight pussy. “Go ahead, just let go and relax”. Torrie was coaxing a hot college girl to piss on herself and on Torrie’s leg… Sydney stood watching as her friend was getting seduced by another girl. Kay stepped over to Sydney and said, it’s ok, she’s not trying to steal your girl or anything, we’re actually together, we’re just into wet girls…”.

“Ohh, I mean…we are at a hook up party…I wasn’t jealous…just curious…”. So you guys just like peeing on each other?”

“Yeah, something like that, it’s very sensual and makes you extra horny and gives you amazing orgasms.”

“Really, I’ve never really tried it before”.

“Watch Torrie in action first”…

Torrie had Kelly’s arms around her shoulders and she had her hands on Kelly’s perfect round, and really tight firm ass, she continued grinding up on Kelly’s pussy and Kelly moaned softly in Torrie’s ear from excitement. “Go ahead, just relax and let everything come out…” Suddenly Torrie could feel her leg getting very warm and her hands started to feel the warm familiar feel of hot wet piss soaking quickly up Kelly’s tight ass. The pee was gushing from Kelly and was running down both legs and covering her ass in hot pee… “I’ve never… done this before on purpose…this feels weird, but it also feels amazing”. Torrie then unbuttoned Kelly’s jeans and slid her hand down her soaked panties and started to rub Kelly’s amazingly shaped and swollen pussy.

She was moaning in ecstasy…Torrie then started to release her own hot pee, also soaking her cute little ass and soaking her jeans down to her legs, she grabbed Kelly’s hand and put it on her crotch as she was peeing. At first Kelly wasn’t quite sure what to make of it, but she held her hand on Torrie’s pussy and then started to rub as Torrie pissed a river… Suddenly Kelly had an orgasm…Her knees buckled and she almost knocked her and Torrie over as she was quite intoxicated on top of having an orgasm. Torrie held her up… and could feel Kelly’s nipples poking her through her shirt, they were so hard… “Holy fuck, that was amazing” Kelly slurred…

“Kay smiled and looked at cute little Sydney and said “ok, you try now…just relax your mind and let it all out…”. Sydney tried to relax, but her brain kept telling her no… don’t pee in your pants…. She got out one little tiny squirt that got her panties a little bit wet. She put her hand on her crotch to see if it had soaked through. Her crotch was warm, but dry in her jeans.

“It’s hard, my brain won’t let me let it out”

Kay decided to show her how she just let’s go and she started soaking her cute little overalls, pee spread across the front of her overalls, down both legs and she squatted a little and let it soak up the back of her overalls…in seconds she was drenched… “see, it’s just that easy”.

“Can I…touch them…”

“My tits, sure…”

“Well, those too, but I meant your wet pants”

“Hahahaha, yeah, of course..”

“Wow, that’s hot and wet…I’m going to try again…” Sydney managed to get another small squirt out…this time soaking through her panties and making a very small wet spot on her crotch. Kay went down and started to rub the wet spot on Sydney’s jeans, feeling the perfect triangle shaped pussy in between Sydney’s legs… She found Sydney’s clit through her jeans and when she realized she hit that spot, she went to town and quickly got Sydney off and then the pee started to flow, hot rivers of pee started squirting from Sydney’s jeans and all down her legs… Sydney moaned in excitement as Kay continued rubbing…Sydney fell to the ground, still pissing full force into her jeans as she sat on the ground, sitting in her and Kay’s lake of pee…her jeans absolutely drenched. Kay helped her up off the ground and ran her hands down Sydney’s soaked pants, soaking the pee into her hands…

Meanwhile, Niki, Sammy, and Mandy were with Kayla, Becky and Katie…All the girls had pissed in their pants, soaking themselves in pee. Niki’s jeans were drenched and Sammy and Mandy’s white pants were see-through soaked, just like Becky’s wet jeans.

After a while, more girls seemed to be coming into this room if they had to pee, as there was a floor drain in the room that allowed the room to be washed down after parties, so once girls realized that was the case, it seemed as though girls who wanted to just let go in their pants instead of worrying about the bathroom figured that this was the spot that they would do it in. Girls in little tight jeans shorts came in and just leaned up against the wall and peed on the concrete floor. The girls all watched as they soaked their little pants and then walked out. Girls in tight leggings would walk in and squat down in the room and pee and then leave. It was like watching a compilation video on the internet of pissing girls…

Finally the night started to wind down and the girls had spent several hours drinking, smoking a little bit, peeing a ton… there wasn’t one stitch of dry pants on any of the girls. They were totally drenched…and extremely drunk… They all made their way to the bus line, including their new friends. As they stood in line for the bus, Sydney and Kelly just stood there and soaked their jeans again as they waited. This is fucking great Syd…I don’t know why we don’t just piss our pants all the time, why wait for a bathroom… I’m just going to pee…”

“Well, it’s not quite always acceptable to do that silly, especially when you are sober…”

“Ohh, yeah, good point…”.

The girls all got on their next bus, soaked in pee. The bus driver just shook her head as the girls got on with pissed pants…

Please don’t piss on my bus ladies, wait until you get out please…Thank you!

The girls got the short ride to campus and realized that they now needed to sneak into their dorms with out their RA’s hearing them and seeing them in their peed jeans and coming in wasted. The girls made their way into Mandy and Sydney’s dorm area and quietly got back to the room. They parted ways with Becky and Kelly and Sydney and Kayla. Torrie got all their numbers though on the bus and told them if they were able to make it, she told them about Jule’s party that she was having and she knew the girls would have zero recollection of it in the morning… or so she thought…

The girls all got into Mandy and Sammy’s room, they all giggled about what a good time they had and how wasted they were, but being super careful to make little noise, since it was lights out and quiet time now in the dorms.

The girls peeled off their wet jeans and put them in piles in the corner of the room… Kay and Torrie stayed in their peed panties and got into their tandem sleeping bag and started to touch each other and have the most amazing sexual encounter.

Sammy and Mandy each cuddled up on a bed and Katie and Niki on the other…

The morning came and the girls all woke up hung over as hell, panties still all soaked in pee, wet pants in the corner of the room… now that was a party…

