The Omo Rashi Files

Author: satyr

*015*2018-07-18 02:57

Author's note: I've always wanted to write a story like this, and here it is. It concludes this series for the foreseeable future. It's the longest story I've written. Very long. I could break it up into multiple post to milk visibility on the site, but I won't do that. I've divided it into 3 chapters and 3 epilogues for increased readability. Read at your own pace: You can always come back to it later and finish it if you like the beginning, but don't have the time or patience for a single-sitting reading. I won't apologize for the length, because this story needed it (not every story does, but some do). I actually wrote 10K words for this, and deleted them all. Took the best ideas from that draft and wrote a new story, and this one comes in at 12K words total. Proper novella. But unlike the earlier tripe I scrapped, I like this one. Long desperation stories can get a bit repetitive, but I hoped I managed to break it up with character interaction and the occasional intrusive narrator.

Cases #5-7

Subject: Jenny Winter

Age: 25

Height: 176cm

Physical description: Pretty, slim blonde

Last recorded daytime wetting: age nine (9)

Last recorded bedwetting: age fifteen (15)

Bladder size: Exceptionally large

Subject: Mary Alice Johnson

Age: 25

Height: 167 cm

Physical description: Brunette, nice face, average proportions

Last recorded daytime wetting: age three (3)

Last recorded bedwetting: age five (5)

Bladder size: Above average

Subject: Penny Waterson

Age: 20

Height: 153 cm

Physical description: Pretty, petite blonde

Last recorded daytime wetting: age twenty (20)

Last recorded bedwetting: age nineteen (19)

Bladder size: Average to above average

Chapter 1

Do you believe the gods ever make two people to be perfect foils for each other, just for their personal amusement? That would be Jen and Mary. The two had been best friends since grade school, and gone through every embarrassing adolescent ritual together. Jen was a slim blonde who got all the looks, but she wasn’t terribly bright. She made up for it by working very hard at whatever she tried to achieve. Mary was by no means an unattractive young lady, but the taller brunette got no attention next to her friend. She made up for it with an iron willpower and stunning smarts.

Thus the two came to compete at everything. Jen was jealous of how seriously everyone took Mary from an early age, wise beyond her years as she was. She wanted to be seen as more than the pretty blonde. Mary, on the other hand, would never admit to it, but she coveted the attention poured onto her friend because of her looks and easy-going manner. The result of these opposites attracting was an intense competition in whatever caught both of their attentions. If you were keeping score, it would be about even, but it was all about that last loss, the most recent win in a long series of informal bets on everything from grades on a test to who could most entice a particular guy to who could complete a certain level on a video game the fastest.

One time, when they were about fifteen, they had been at a summer camping trip organized by a local youth organization. Non-alcoholic drinks were flowing freely throughout the night, and it’s lost to the sands of time – or at least, I can’t make it out of the confusing jumble of an incident report – which of them first suggested they compete to see if they could last the night without a pee break. Likely Jen wouldn’t have accepted the challenge, or proposed it, if she were indeed the one to do so, if she hadn’t lost some other bet the previous week. Both of them knew that Mary had the stronger bladder.

She was the one always complaining that her friend was holding them up, interrupting whatever they were doing to find a bathroom. The conclusion of the contest was predestined. The two shared a tent, and shortly after midnight, whimpering and shaking, Jen had lost control. Both of them had been drinking heavily all night, and both would have been happy to take a pee before bed, even Mary. Mary was in a bad shape herself, but her mood improved immensely when she saw her friend’s eyes glaze over. She leaned in closer, and over the sounds of the forest—owls, other animals of the night, and muted chattering from the other tents—she heard a hiss that signaled Jen’s release.

Jen, for her part, lay stunned in her sleeping bag, feeling her bum and crotch area grow warm as a whole day’s worth of heavy hydration assaulted, then conquered her sphincter: it flowed out into her panties, pouring through them into her pajamas, and finally leaving a pool in her sleeping bag. Some crept up the back of her shirt. Neither girl said a word: it was obvious what had happened. Afterwards, Jen had to wordlessly climb out of her soaked sleeping bag, displaying a wet circle around both her front and her back, and make the embarrassing trip to the camp counselor to request a spare sleeping bag.

“Oh, honey, do you have a medical condition?” Asked the counselor, a young woman in her mid-twenties. She didn’t appreciate being woken up when she’d just fallen asleep after a day of herding rowdy teenagers, and the girl in front of her was standing in urine-soaked pajamas and asking for spare equipment. Which meant extra work for the counselor.

“No,” Jen admitted. She couldn’t exactly say that she’d lost a holding contest with her best friend, so she only added, “I thought I could hold it until morning, but I guess I had too much to drink.”

The counselor shook her head. “You’re really too old to be wetting the bed from sheer carelessness,” she chided. “If it was a medical thing, I’d be more sympathetic, but this is just pure immaturity. Well, I’ll see if I can find you something dry to sleep in.” Before the bus journey home, the counselor took Jen aside. She firmly reminded Jen to make sure she peed before entering the bus, to avoid any further accidents, and she also informed the girl that she’d be making a call to her parents to inform her of the incident. Jen couldn’t have been more humiliated.

When she got home, her mother took her aside to discuss the incident. She wasn’t mad: Jen’s mom wasn’t like that. She was just disappointed in her daughter. How could she be so careless? Then she had hugged her daughter, and told her that she could talk to her about anything, even if she was wetting the bed – as if it were a regular occurrence! It was worse than if she’d been brought over the knee. Jen always preferred and unfair, over the top punishment to fair disappointment. Neither the counselor nor her mother’s reaction left her anyone else to blame, to be angry with: it was all her. She, Jenny Winter, almost sixteen years old, had bet her friend that she could hold her pee until morning, and she couldn’t. For a young, prettty girl used to being praised for her looks and judged for her presumed immaturity, it was the worst that could happen.

That incident was now many years past. Mary had made it through the night squirming, but dry, and had an almost orgasmic release in the morning. It had been a close call, but she’d never admit that. Now, she used the incident sparingly, if she wanted to score a point in the best friends’ ongoing, eternal rivalry. For Jen, this was worse than if Mary had spread the story all around school or mentioned it every week. If it had been that over the top, she could retaliate in kind, with other, non-urinary embarrassments. But no: Mary would bring it up once or twice a year, and Jen would relive the shame all over again.

Still, you must not think the two were a bad match. They got along great most of the time. They shared interests, like art and similar tastes in music; they were each others’ only confidantes, the one person in the world to whom the other could confide their deepest, darkest secrets. But their opposing personas as presented to the world – the “dumb blonde” and the “average-looking genius” – meant that things that could turn into a contest often did. Most of the time, there was no love lost over it. But certain incidents stung so hard that, even buried years in the past, they were never forgotten, and each girl was secretly plotting their revenge. For Jen, it was her wetting accident. For Mary, it was a particular boy she’d been in love with, and Jen had only a passing, physical interest, but she’d been sore about something or other and so decided to seduce and sleep with him just to bother Mary, not because she had any interest in the guy himself.

I must remind you that I record mostly facts relevant to the incidents at hand. As such, people often come off looking like total assholes, vain, cruel, the works. This is not an accurate portrayal of Jen and Mary: both of them were, for the most part, great, dependable friends, got good grades, and respectful to their elders. It just so happens that no incidents worthy of mention in these reports would have occurred if their dark side didn’t rear its ugly head every once in a while.

Both of them were now in their mid-twenties, working together as assistants at an accounting firm. If nothing else, the fact that they saw each other in a professional and a personal context almost every day, nearly two decades after they first met, should be a testament to the fact that they were, on the whole, good to each other. Since they worked for the same company, their vacations lined up, and that provided the opportunity for Jen to set up her long-planned revenge. The two had kept up their little bets and contests on all sorts of matters, but bladder prowess had never been in question since that day.

In fact, purely coincidentally, the two had been out drinking together a few weekends before their vacation started, and they both happened to be single at the time, so Jen stayed at Mary’s place. By the time they got there, both girls were desperate to pee. Jen claimed the bathroom first, and Mary let her. She was, after all, capable of waiting. Jen took a long time. Fifteen minutes grew into an hour, and Mary was now clutching herself, dancing on the spot, and pounding the door to the bathroom, demanding to know what was taking so long. She could hold extreme amounts of liquids, but even she had a limit. Then there was a whimper from inside the toilet, and Mary heard a muffled sob.

“Mary, I… I didn’t make it.” Jen said through the door. She had gotten as far as starting to pull off her pants when the floodgates opened. She’d spent the last hour sitting on the toilet, her socks wet from the puddle in front of the toilet, and trying to work up the courage to admit what had happened. This was all bringing the earlier incident back, fresh as if it happened yesterday. It was also the germ of a plan, but more on that later.

This time, Mary didn’t joke around. As gently as possible, she told her friend: “I’m so sorry, hon. It could happen to anyone. You can borrow some clothes from me. But please, I’m bursting, let me use the toilet!”

Jen unlocked the door. She had mostly cleaned off her runny mascara, and her puffy eyes looked healthier after an hour, but the puddle on the floor and the smelly, darkened streaks down her legs couldn’t be hidden. “Oh, dear,” Mary said. She was hobbling herself, near her absolute limit. “Just go to my bedroom and pick whatever clothes fit you. I’ll never mention it again. I’m about to piss myself as well, so please get out of the way.”

That was when Jen knew she had a shot at getting back at her friend for the worst loss in their long history of friendly competition. She’d never planned to wet herself after a night of clubbing, but this presented an opportunity. “Yeah,” she said, pretending to be sadder than she really was. “It would be pretty embarrassing if you proved to be as weak as me.”

“What do you mean?” Mary demanded. She was now bent over with her legs crossed. Only Jen and a large puddle stood between her and relief. And relief was coming, whether she was clothed and standing or undressed and seated on the potty.

“I just mean, you’re always telling me you can hold it until morning, no matter what. You keep reminding me that you did that at camp that summer, remember?”

Mary groaned. “Fuck,” she said. “Yes, so what? I gotta piss. Move.”

“If you think you’ll pee the bed if you don’t go now, by all means, I’ll go change and leave you to it,” Jen said. Then she walked out of the bathroom squishing with every step. Mary was left cross-legged, considering the challenge to her pride. She stood there, clinging to control and considering her issues for minutes. Finally, she decided to give in to nature, bending down with a strained effort to remove her socks so they wouldn’t get wet in Jen’s puddle. That’s when her friend showed back up in the doorway.

“By the way, I just looked at the receipts. I know you always keep them, you’re so neat and organized.” That part was true, but Mary had no idea what the relevance was. “I had three more pints than you tonight,” Jen said. “So it’s really sad that you think you have a bigger bladder than me but also think you’ll piss yourself if you don’t go right now, having drank so much less.”

Mary turned slowly and gave her friend a look. Both of them were quite drunk. She couldn’t recall how much she’d drank. The two had agreed to split the bill in the morning. Her bladder sent her a spasm telling her it was not to be ignored, but Mary didn’t make a move towards the toilet.

“Whatever. If you give in, I’ll just consider that one time at summer camp a fluke, not really counting,” Jen said. “I’m going to sleep. Are you going to pee or not?”

Mary gave her friend an ugly scowl. “Yes, I’m going to piss in the toilet and then sleep. Good night.” She began walking towards the porcelain throne, but turned around when her friend suddenly grabbed her by the shoulders and whispered a final riposte in her ear: “Coward.”

Then Jen was gone. Mary stood there, legs shaking, right in front of the toilet, and made a dumb decision. She was drunk enough that the insult had the intended effect. Resolutely, she turned around and walked out of the bathroom unrelieved. She put on a brave face and managed to walk to the bedroom without betraying more than slights hints at the extreme discomfort she was in.

Jen was already undressed and lying in Mary’s double bed. “Relieved?” She asked casually. Mary undressed, careful not to betray her desperation any more than necessary, and got under the covers.

“As a matter of fact, I will be delaying that relief until morning,” she slurred, making up for her unclear enunciation with overly formal wording. Jen lifted the covers and marveled at the size of her friend’s bulging bladder.

“Man, I don’t want to sleep in your pee,” Jen said. “Please just go.” Of course, this was all a part of the wind-up. Her hope was that Mary would take the bait and refuse.

“Good thing I won’t be peeing any beds then,” Mary said, and rolled over facing the opposite wall. She clenched her muscles for all they were worth, and closed her eyes. Of course, so near disaster, she couldn’t really sleep, but she waited until she thought her friend was sleeping before quickly using her hands to grip her crotch. Wave after wave of pressure crashed against her walls, and she was shuddering and shivering, unable to lay in one position for very long, but she held on. At long last, she fell asleep.

Around eight in the morning, Jen shook Mary awake. “Good morning,” Jen said. “At least you didn’t pee on me, but did you manage not to pee on yourself?” Mary blushed. In her disoriented, half-asleep state, it took her a while to realize that although she was in incredible pain, she had not wet the bed. It took her too long to come up with a sarcastic answer for it to be worth delivering it, however. Instead, she just shook her head. Jen lifted the covers. “My, what a good girl,” she cooed. “Dry all night. Better run along to the potty. Except, I have some bad news.”

Mary was gripping herself harder than ever. Problem? “What?” There couldn’t be a problem, or a problem would find its way into her panties. Within the next ten minutes, by her estimation.

“I woke up in the night and went to the toilet and, well, I...” Jen said, pretending to be embarrassed. “I kind of clogged it up. It’s not functional right now.” Of course, she had done that on purpose. It was one step in an elaborate masterplan Jen had constructed in her head while stealthily observing her friend’s fidgeting when Mary thought she was asleep. This wasn’t supposed to end here, but making sure Mary had an unhappy ending this morning was necessary to set up the real endgame.

As an outsider, I have to insert a comment: I find it ironic that Jen here takes a Machiavellian page out of the stereotype Mary always gets taken for, even if Mary isn’t all that cold and calculating. And I’d like to remind you all that I could have written a great deal more about all the good things Jen has done for Mary over the years, but they are not strictly relevant to this story.

“What? Fuck!” Mary exclaimed. She managed to somehow roll herself out of bed and land on her feet without a leak, but she had to bend over immediately. “I’m about to piss myself here!”

Jen gave her friend a patronizing smile. All thoughts of her own accident the previous evening had been erased by the thought of the much greater humiliation she would inflict on her friend. “Babe, I can see that. I know there’s a coffee shop down the street that’s open right now and I think it has a customer toilet. I can take you there.”

Mary was too desperate to think straight, and hungover to boot. Instead of thinking of something more logical and less risky, like trying to find some receptacle in the apartment to pee in, or the shower, she just began dressing immediately. But she was fidgeting so madly that Jen actually stepped in and helped her into her pants. “There, babe, all dressed and ready to go. Hopefully not in those clean pants.” Mary gave her a dirty look. Now more sober than the previous night, she was smelling a setup. Her friend was enjoying this far too much. She’d let herself be goaded into this, and now Jen got to act like the older, more mature sister. And Mary got to be the toddler in potty training. Oh, she was going to get back at Jen for this, however this ended. The cycle of revenge was back in full swing.

The pair walked down the block to the coffee shop. One of them walking more conspicuously than the other. Mary had little strength left, and was more shuffling than actually working. Her hands were balled up into fists, and frequently shot into her crotch for a quick squeeze. Thankfully for her, only an old gentleman walking his dog was out this early on a Sunday morning. The man gave her a look and briefly thought that today’s youth are getting more immature every generation, but said nothing. They reached the coffee shop, which was open and did indeed have a customer restroom: Jen wasn’t that cruel.

Besides, this wasn’t the final humiliation she had in mind for Mary. Jen walked up to buy the two of them coffee, and Mary hobbled over to the restroom. It was unoccupied. She found a stall, but when she opened the door and saw the toilet, the psychological shock sent a jolt to her bladder. Bending over wasn’t enough: Mary had to squat down into a position akin to a toddler taking a dump in her diaper to keep it in. Even so, a trickle escaped into her panties. She managed to get it under control after a minute of frantic clenching, then slowly rose, tore down her jeans and panties, and sat down on the bowl. Mary closed her eyes and would later swear she could see stars and angels as she emptied herself into the toilet. Then she wiped, pulled on her damp panties and her jeans, washed, and met up with Jen.

Jen had to admit to herself, she was disappointed. She’d hoped there would be some visible wetness on her friend’s crotch. She settled for patting her friend on the head, like she were a dog, and handed her a large black coffee to go. The two exited the shop and headed back to Mary’s apartment for breakfast. “I can’t believe you,” Jen said. “You looked like a little girl in there, but you managed to stay dry!”

Mary, very aware of her wet panties, only grumbled. “Of course,” she said. “It was a close call, but only because of your hideous goading. Let’s not forget whose pants you’re wearing and why you aren’t wearing yours.” Jen had the decency to blush.

They sat down at the kitchen table, each with a coffee in hand. Jen had one more ace up her sleeve. “I don’t believe it, I still can’t fathom it,” she said. “The way you looked, there’s no way you didn’t pee yourself at least a little.”

Mary was about ready to kick her friend out of her apartment, but she restrained herself. She was starting to piece together a bigger picture. “Well, I did,” she said instead. “I’ll wash your pissy pants for you, and you can thank me later by.”

“Show me,” Jen demanded.

“What? Show you what?”

“Show me your dry panties and I’ll admit I’m the only pissy baby around here who can’t hold her liquor,” Jen said.

Mary grimaced. “I’m not gonna show you my underwear just to please you, you pervert!”

“Then I’ll take that as an admission of guilt.”

Mary had two options: one, deny it all, and justifiably kick her friend out of her apartment. They were true BFFs forever, but this time Jen had gone too far, and Mary, being the more sensible of the two, recognized that the best thing to do to preserve their friendship was to separate for a while and cool off. But her personality made her curious enough to choose the option behind door number two. This is why I think some people are just made to be natural foils. Their personalities match so well they’re destined to be friends, but their flaws also clash so hard that they’re destined to drive each other nuts on occasion. “Okay,” Mary said. “I’ll make you a trade: the receipt for a shot at my panties.”

Jen’s eyes widened. She hadn’t foreseen this. “The receipt? What’s that got to do with anything?”

“We’ll see. Give it to me right now, and we’ll read it together while you can perv out at the sight of my undies.”

Jen had gone too far to back down now. She rummaged around in her purse and found the receipt, which she’d stolen from Mary’s own purse when Mary was in the bathroom. Mary rose, a slight color to her cheeks, and unbuttoned her jeans as Jen handed over the receipt.

Make a circle with your thumb and index finger. A wet spot around that size could be clearly seen adorning Mary’s red panties. “I knew it! You did wet yourself!” Jen was saying, but Mary held up a finger for silence. She was scanning the receipt. They had shared a tab, and it was easy to figure out whose charges belonged to whom, since they each preferred different brands of beer. Tallying up the numbers, Mary realized she’d had two pints more than Jen.

“Look at this, you perv,” Mary said. “You lied. Or drunkenly miscounted. I’ll be nice and say that’s what happened. I had two pints more than you, and I still lasted until morning. And I wouldn’t have leaked even a tiny bit if you hadn’t messed up my toilet. So I outlasted you, while drinking more, and you pissed yourself like a baby. And all you got to show for it?” Mary pointed at her wet spot. “The kind of thing half the women who’ve ever given birth experience when they sneeze.”

Jen had to admit, the evidence was incontrovertible. But then again, seeing her friend embarrassed today was only part of her long con. A bonus. After she’d gotten over the humiliation of her own accident and realized her friend was in a similar state, she’d hatched a plan to get payback once and for all. If all went according to plan, she would see her friend fully and completely lose control, in public, in the near future. And this hitch in the plan could be spun like a corrupt talk show angle to convince Mary to have another contest of bladders. One rigged so Mary would lose. Of course, this is yet another confirmation of my hypothesis that the gods rig the odds. A plan this Machiavellian, this complicated, this dependent on the outcome of personality-based decisions and of randomly setting aside good sense, could only work if someone out there were messing with reality like the author of an erotic novella.

“I’m sorry,” Jen said. “I guess I did miscount. You did well, but you didn’t quite make it to the finish line.”

Mary gave her a look to kill. “I think there’s a plunger in the bathroom. Kindly unclog my toilet and get out of my house,” she said. Jen did as she was told. She didn’t enjoy the process of unclogging the toilet, nor the sight of Mary waving Jen’s soaked clothes in her face, but she distracted herself with thoughts of better times to come.

So that brings us to the main event. The vacation. Things were icy between the friends for a week, owing to recent events, but as always, they were thick as thieves once egos cooled off. Jen suggested they go on a guided over-night tour to the regional capital, which sported a renowned art museum they’d often talked about visiting together. Mary was immediately on board. But at some point, the events described above were brought up again—the two had avoided any mention since Mary delivered Jen’s newly cleaned clothes the day after. And whoever first suggested it, the idea was put forth that they do a formal holding contest to determine things once and for all.

“I bet I can outlast you and the entire trip,” Jen said. “I propose the following rules: As soon as we board the bus, no one is allowed to pee until we get back home the next day—peing your pants excepted. We each drink exactly the same amount: if I take a drink, you must take an equally large drink, and vice versa.”

Mary regarded her friend with a look somewhere between disgust and confusion. “Are you mad? You’ll piss yourself for sure, and this will be in public. And I’m not keen on a repeat experience either.”

“You’re afraid you’ll lose, you mean! I’ve been practicing like mad these past weeks, and my capacity’s enormous now.”

Mary wasn’t entirely unaware that Jen must have something planned. After all, the mortification of her one and only public accident had given birth to a grudge that lasted a decade. But at the same time, she had her pride. After all, though it was but a small leak, a few weeks ago she did involuntarily pee for the first time since she was a toddler. “You’re planning to cheat, aren’t you? Slipping me some diuretics, sneaking off to use the bathroom when I’m not looking, even… Oh god, I could just see you wearing an adult diaper just to screw with me.”

“No tricks,” Jen said. “I promise it’ll be one hundred percent fair and proper. I run the exact same risk as you of having an accident in public. Or I would, if I didn’t have the superior bladder,” she added with a smirk.

Mary couldn’t turn that down. So it was set. Just according to keikaku (editor’s note: keikaku means bad meme).

Chapter 2

They both emptied their bladders before boarding the evening tour bus. The tour guide was just the kind of authority figure Jen wanted for her revenge fantasy: much older, strict, generally tired of her job and of the opinion that most of her charges were immature idiots. Not unlike the camp counselor all that time ago. Except here everyone was of age, so she couldn’t exactly call their parents and tell them about embarrassing bedwettings, for instance. What she could do, however, was list a number of things that would prevent their deposits from being refunded,, including property damage to the bus, the hotel or the museum, and another list of things that could get them kicked off the tour. Alcoholic drinks were not allowed on the bus, for instance. Finally, the guide, whose name was Miranda, reminded everyone to make good use of the restroom stops. It would be a long journey.

Mary and Jen settled into the back of the bus. It held fifty people, but only half the seats were occupied. There was no on-bus lavatory, but breaks would be inserted for “stretching of legs and powdering of noses,” as Miranda had put it. Having just emptied their bladders, neither of the two friends was in any urgent need to pee at this stage, but they certainly would be come the return journey. Assuming either of them lasted that long.

Jen immediately fished out a large bottle of water from her purse, and chugging it down almost in one go. “Wow,” Mary said. “Don’t get overconfident. We’re only just starting.”

“Don’t forget, however much I drink, you have to drink too,” Jen said. “I brought another one for you.”

Mary cringed. She didn’t feel like starting off so strongly, so quickly. Although she was certain she could outlast Jen, and almost sure she could last the entire trip without a leak, her recent mishap had shaken her once indomitable confidence in her bladder. Still, she did honor the agreement. Mary downed her bottle of water more slowly, but half an hour into the journey, both girls had already had a liter to drink. Mary felt bloated, but she couldn’t feel any pressure in her bladder yet.

By the one and a half hour mark, Jen fished out two cans of Red Bull and handed one to Mary. Mary hadn’t slept well the night before: her excitement about the trip, and anxiety about the holding contest both contributed. Loathe as she was to fill up too quickly, she welcomed some caffeinated energy. Besides, she knew Jen would have to slow down soon. She couldn’t last as long as Mary, and they had a full twenty-four hours until they were home, by her estimation.

Two and a half hours into the trip, they stopped at a gas station. Miranda directed everyone to stretch their legs and use the restroom if they felt any need at all. By now, both girls were feeling an uncomfortable pressure in their neither regions. It wasn’t yet bad enough that either of them had trouble hiding that fact. At the gas station convenience store, Jen bought them each a bottle of Coke Zero.

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Mary asked. Now she was genuinely concerned. Jen must have something up her sleeve or she wouldn’t be drinking this much, this early. But all she’d given Mary to drink thus far had been factory-sealed and tamper-proof. She wasn’t being drugged, but there must be something else. If they kept this pace up, neither of them would last the entire trip. Hell, they might not make it until morning. And Mary knew Jen didn’t want to see her pee herself in public more than she wanted to avoid the same fate.

“My training regimen has prepared me for anything,” Jen said. “This is your last chance to admit you’re a chicken and back out.” Mary accepted the bottle and drank it slowly as they settled in the back of the bus. By now, Jen was crossing her legs casually, and had an uncomfortable expression on her face. While the other tour-goers settled in, Miranda came over.

“I couldn’t help but notice neither of you two young ladies availed yourself of the facilities,” Miranda said. She seemed to speak entirely in euphemisms and circumlocutions, but the meaning was perfectly clear.

“Oh, we’re fine,” Mary said.

Miranda gave the two of them a skeptical look. “I’ve survived three births,” she said, emphasizing the word survived to indicate they must have been tough ones. “I suppose my capabilities are not equal to you unwed youngsters. But don’t say I didn’t warn you.” The silver-haired tour guide turned and trudged back to her seat at the front.

“That one might be trouble,” Mary whispered. “At this rate we’ll be visible desperate before long. I don’t know how to explain away that.”

“We’ll find a way,” Jen said. She was now fidgeting in her seat.

The rest of the journey, they talked about anything but their little contest. Jen didn’t proffer any more liquids. Mary was now shifting subtly in her seat, and Jen, who had the window seat and was more shielded, made no effort to hide anything. She was already desperate. Mary didn’t think her friend could make it until bedtime. Finally they settled on a discussion of the art they were going to see. It was the topic furthest from the signals each of their bodies were sending.

Five hours and a brief pit stop after they boarded the bus, they were at their destination. An astute observed might have picked up on the fact that one other passenger was fidgety: a recent high school graduate named Penny. She had not peed since lunch. Once they started piling out of the bus at the hotel, it became hard for Jen and Mary to walk normally, and Mary decided keeping her overnight bag in front of her was the best way to redirect attention from the wriggling of her thighs as she walked.

Miranda left them waiting outside the hotel lobby while she went in and settled affairs. Then she handed them each a key card—Mary and Jen had insisted on a double room—and announced they had the rest of the evening off, but then they’d meet up after breakfast tomorrow at nine for scheduled activities. Jen was discreetly clutching herself the moment the crowd dispersed. Penny, the younger girl, sidled up to the pair. She was also fidgeting wildly. “Oh my god, I need to pee,” she said. “Want to find a bathroom together?”

Mary gave the girl a look. She was like a younger, shorter version of Jen: just as blonde, but at least five years her junior and more petite. And equally desperate. “We’ll be fine until we get to our room,” Mary said diplomatically. She wanted the contest kept on the down-low. Jen wasn’t having any of that.

“Actually, we’re planning to hold it for the entire trip!” Jen said.

It’s not often you see a person literally, physically gasp at a simple statement without any sort of controversial edge to it. But Penny did. “What? That’s insane! You both look about to pop!”

“We can hold it as long as we need to. Or I can, anyway,” Jen said.

“You guys are crazy,” Penny said. But her eyes had a glint to them. “Maybe even my kind of crazy.”

“Your kind of…?”

“Never mind,” Penny said. “I just mean I kind of like to hold my pee. Mind if I join you guys in your room for a little while? Just hang out and hold for a bit? I know it sounds crazy coming from a stranger...” Yes. Yes it does. The kind of thing a fifth-dimensional author would insert into the narrative of reality. “I can’t promise I’ll join your little thing for the entire trip, but maybe for a few hours?”

Mary gave Jen a questioning look. But then came to think of something. Whatever Jen had planned, whatever cheat or creative interpretation of rules she was thinking of: All of it would be harder with a neutral third party around. “You know what,” Mary said. “You’re crazy, we’re crazy, we can hang for a bit. You can actually hang on to our bathroom key for us, so neither of us can cheat that way.”

So it was settled. Jen did not seem pleased at the prospect, but she wasn’t outspoken enough to say no when Mary had already said yes. And neither girl was thrilled when it became clear that Penny had brought a six-pack of beer with her. She must be recently old enough to legally buy alcohol. They each settled into whatever contortions seemed most likely to keep their floods at bay, Mary on the bed, Penny on the floor gripping her crotch, and Jen seated cross-legged, rocking back and forth on the one chair in the room. Penny handed each of them a lukewarm can of beer.

“Cheers!” Penny said. “If you don’t mind me asking, why are you doing this exactly? Not that I don’t find it interesting, even exciting, but it’s kind of out there. And in public!”

“Settling a bet,” Mary said. She had trouble speaking and keeping it all in at the same time.

Jen elaborated. “Mary had a little accident a few weeks ago, and now she wants to prove she’s stronger than me.”

“That’s not exactly the real story,” Mary said. Penny leaned forward to listen, but the added pressure elicited a moan. She was forced to slide into a sort of fetal position on the floor, holding herself. Mary gave a brief rundown—much briefer than the one I’ve given above—of the events leading up to this moment.

“Damn, girl,” Penny said when Mary was done. “No offense, Jen, but I’m rooting for my girl Mary here.”

“Why?” Jen shot her an angry look. This girl was getting more annoying by the minute, and she was a hitch in the masterplan. Also, she was too young and pretty for her own good. The irony of these thoughts—so often applied by others to Jen on first glance—passed on by Jen herself, like a curse, is not lost on this author.

“Because you’re a bad loser.” Penny said. “You should just accept you lost. That way, no one needs to humiliate themselves in public.” Wiser words have never been spoken.

“Why are you even in our room?” Jen inquired. Now she was pissed. This girl was spoiling her plan and being rude, and what the fuck did a total stranger have to do with a private bet between two best friends? A revenge plot birthed by one of her most traumatizing childhood experiences?

“I invited her,” Mary reminded her friend. “And I like her. Plus, I want a neutral third party to make sure nobody cheats. And she’s all we got. Who else would go along with this...” Here, she experienced a sudden spasm, and had to bend over before resuming speaking. “… This madness?”

“If it’s not too forward, okay, so I kind of find it hot to be desperate to pee. Or see others be desperate to pee,” Penny said. She had somehow managed to down two beers despite being in the fetal position most of the time, and I suspect her boldness may have been bolstered by a flask on the bus earlier. And she was probably not an experienced drinker either, given her age. “Not that I’m hitting on you two or anything,” she added.

“My god,” Jen said. “We got a pervert.”

“Says the girl who just had to inspect my panties the other weekend to check for wetness!” Mary exclaimed.

“That was for evidence! Not for sex stuff!” Jen protested.

“You two,” Penny said. “I can tell you’re just friends and nothing more, but I can also tell you’ve got some weird unresolved chemistry going on.”

“My god, she’s a psychoanalyst and a party pooper,” Jen said.

Mary was now not only desperate to pee, she was also desperate to resolve the tension in the room. She had several reasons for keeping someone like Penny along: Mary didn’t fully trust her friend, and wanted a neutral third party; she also liked the girl in question, and thought they might have struck up a friendship if they’d been of the same age and grew up together. On the other hand, something other than her extremely full bladder was clearly bothering Jen, and she needed to either diffuse the tension or get Penny out of there.

“Okay, guys, I’m sorry Penny, Jen and I are on edge and the mood is turning bad. Personally I’d love to see you again tomorrow, assuming my friend won’t go mental over it. But I think it’s best if you went to your own room for the night.”

“Okay,” Penny said. She struggled to raise herself to a proper seated position. “I know when I’m not wanted.”

“Hey, girl,” Jen said. Now that the girl was actually leaving, on second thought Penny wasn’t so bad. Jen had been a bit dishonest in her description of events, and Mary had rightly called her on it, and then Penny had taken Mary’s side because of it. “I’m sorry. Maybe we meet tomorrow, maybe not, but don’t take it personally either way.” She attempted a thumbs up, which turned into a crotch squeeze. Jen was now at her absolute limit. She felt like she had felt as she entered Mary’s apartment that night, about five minutes before she totally wet herself.

Meanwhile, Mary had collected the towels from the bathroom. She’d been so quick neither of the two others had seen her enter the unlocked bathroom, but she couldn’t possibly have peed in that time, without sound, while also looking as bloated as before. “I figure just in case we need these,” Mary said. Then she ceremoniously locked the bathroom from the outside and threw the key to Penny. The throw was bad, and Penny overreached in trying to catch it. As she did, a yelp escaped her. She was wearing cotton shorts, and a spurt of pee shot out as she reached forward.

“Oh!” She said. “I really gotta run anyway or I’ll be as wet as you guys will be if you insist on lasting the entire trip!” Penny got up, leaking a bit more down her leg, squeezed herself, and regained control. Then she picked up the key and walked stiffly towards the door. “See you tomorrow to return the key!” Penny said. “I don’t think either of you can do it, but good luck.”

Then she was gone. Mary got a good look at the wetness between her bum cheeks, accentuated on the beige shorts, as the girl left. For a brief moment, Mary felt a strange tingle that had nothing to do with her own needs. Then it was gone. The girl might be going to college, or starting soon, but she was too young—and what kind of reason was that to get turned on anyway?

Jen rose from the bed as soon as Penny left. An astute observer could have seen the way her abdominal muscles cramped, the way every muscle in her crotch region strained to keep the flood in. Jen picked up a towel and gingerly walked over to the corner where Penny had left some dribbles.

Now came the masterstroke of her plan. Jen put the towel down on the floor, then sat down on it. She closed her eyes, leaned back, and let go. “Ahhhhhh,” was all that escaped her. A small trickle turned into a flood, darkening her light jeans, soaking into the towel. It went on for two minutes.

Mary looked on, stunned. When Jen opened her eyes again and looked down at the mess she’d made all over herself, Mary exclaimed, “You lost! You just gave up and lost! I won! What the hell?”

Jen calmly rose. Now that her bladder was empty, she had no trouble moving freely. She began unhurriedly peeling off her wet jeans. As she stripped, she began a prepared monologue. If she were a supervillain, she’d have it down word for word, but she was but a regular human, so it was mostly an impromptu delivery of a list of talking points. But she’d spent some time thinking this moment over.

“Ah, now,” she began. “Yes, I lost. I peed myself. Now I’m going to change into clean, dry clothes and drink with abandon for the rest of the trip. You, on the other hand, haven’t won yet. You beat me, but we’re not even halfway through the trip. You still have to drink whatever I drink.”

Mary was stunned. This was the masterstroke that would rig the contest in Jen’s favor? She’d never imagined Jen would stoop so low. Of all the devious plans she had imagined Jen might have come up with, deliberately losing just so she could see Mary lose as well was not even on her radar. And of course, the point of it was, if she didn’t back out, she would surely have an accident, and her accident would likely be a great deal more public.

“I trust you’re a woman of your word,” Jen said.

Mary wanted to cry. She knew she could do this—knew the worst that could happen was what happened that weekend: she would leak a little, but not visibly to the public. Mary had gone twenty-four hours without peeing on several occasions, and although each one was a close call, she had always made it. That was with a normal, or even above normal liquid intake. Now, Jen would continue drinking like she found an oasis in the desert, and force Mary to do the same. It was an impossible task, designed to humiliate her in public. And for one who prided herself on her proper image, it would be even worse than Jen, whom everyone assumed was a dumb blonde anyway.

As these thoughts ran through Mary’s head, Jen had finished changing clothes. Mary doubled over in agony, and the combination of the physical pain and the emotional blow actually brought tears to her eyes. She hated herself for letting Jen see her like this, but she couldn’t help it.

Jen walked over and put her arms around Mary’s shoulders. “There, there, honey. I’m sure you can be a big girl and make it through the night. That’s step one. But just to be sure, I think you should sleep on a towel.”

Mary wiped off her tears and looked her friend in the eye. “You’re such a bitch,” she said simply. Then she proceeded to very carefully remove her jeans, and crawled up in bed, holding herself and squirming.

Jen smiled. She was getting her money’s worth and Mary hadn’t even wet herself yet. Later, she would come to reconsider some of her actions. Was her obsession not just a cruel way to project her own trauma onto her best friend? Yes, it absolutely was, but that didn’t matter in that moment.

Chapter 3

At this point, with the bathroom locked and Mary having no way to contact Penny, her only choice—other than an even more humiliating call to the hotel reception, or an impossible walk to the lobby—was to hold it until breakfast. Then she could call off the whole thing due to Jen’s bullshit and pee in a bathroom. She had never peed the been as long as she could remember. She had also never gone to bed this desperate, possibly excepting that weekend where she ended up leaking fifteen minutes after she woke up. But she had to try. Mary accepted the damned towel to sleep on, and got on with trying to doze off. Fat lot of good that towel would do to the sheets if she lost it.

Eventually, Mary fell asleep. She dreamed of something that had happened while she was a student. She had not peed before bed, and overslept before an exam. By the time the exam ended, she had gone a full day without peeing and was beyond desperate. In real life, Mary had handed in her test, ran off to the nearest bathroom, and relieved herself like a big girl. In the dream, she lost it just as she handed the test in. She was stood in front of the whole class, and a cascade of pee emerged from beneath her short, pleated skirt. The auditor had to take a step back to avoid the emerging puddle. Several people laughed.

Jen woke Mary at eight in the morning by violently ripping the sheets off her. She insisted on checking on her friend’s state. Mary felt her bladder throbbing, and could not take her hands off her crotch, but she had made it. “Wow,” Jen said. “I’ll give you a silver sticker for not wetting the bed. Gold stickers are only for those who don’t pee their pants during the day.”

They were late for breakfast. Mary had no idea how she would manage to get out of bed, dress, and get down to the breakfast hall without losing it. In the end, she had to beg Jen to help her out of bed while Mary desperately clutched herself. Once she was standing, the waves abated somewhat, but she still had to ask for help getting dressed, too. Jen made a comment about raising a toddler, but Mary ignored it. She had no energy to argue, and she’d have to depend on Jen’s goodwill to survive this, at least a little longer.

They got odd looks from an older gentleman in the elevator. Mary was potty-dancing like a schoolgirl. But it was either that, or wetting herself like a baby. Walking was hard, walking without attracting attention was almost impossible, but they made it to a table. Jen immediately went to fetch them some food and coffee. Despite having emptied herself out last night, Jen was already feeling some urgency. And she was planning on keeping the liquids flowing until Mary lost it. But Jen was sure she was in no danger. As Jen fetched breakfast, Penny found the table. She took one look at Mary and shook her head. “You look like you’re in terrible pain,” she said. Mary related the events after Penny had left.

“She really did that? The bitch, excuse the French. Do you want the key now?”

“What’s this I hear about a key?” Jen asked. “Are you really giving up and going back on your word, Mary?”

“With your bullshit, yeah, considering it.”

“I can’t believe it.” Jen said. “So you’re really sure you’ll piss yourself any second. That’s as good as actually doing it, except for one thing: no one gets to see it.”

“Is that what this is about?” Mary asked. “You were humiliated once, so you want to humiliate me?”

Jen blushed. “Er….”

“It totally is,” said Penny.

That was it, then. The anticlimax to the Machiavellian masterplan. Mary would get the key from Penny, or hobble to the lobby, and use a toilet. But then this whole incident report would be a bit of a bait-and-switch, wouldn’t it?

“You owe me so much for this,” Mary said. “I can hold it.”

Penny protested that Mary obviously couldn’t, but Mary shook her head. “In for a penny...” She mused. Penny snorted.

“I’ll try and be moral support, then,” Penny said. “I’ve got a backpack I’m planning to bring, and you can stick a change of clothing in there.”

They finished their coffees, and two of the three ate. Mary had no appetite. She was crossing her legs under the table and trying not to think of waterfalls.

Then they lined up to hand in their hotel keys and be escorted to the nearby museum which was the primary purpose of this whole trip. For everyone but two foolish young women, that is. Penny and Jen flanked Mary to shield her erratic movements from undue attention. They passed a “public restrooms” sign on the way into the museum, and Mary had to stop and squat down on her heel for a moment. Then Miranda began escorting them through a series of rooms showing off sculptures, modern photographic art, ancient vases, prattling on about the cultural significance of each item.

Mary couldn’t pay attention to anything but the state of her bladder, and Jen was distracted by watching her friend. The tour of the museum was to last four hours total, with a lunch break inserted between. By the end of the first period, Mary’s state had stabilized to near-critical. She could not move normally, or stand still, and had to stop frequently to discreetly squeeze herself, but she appeared not to be getting any more desperate. Perhaps because other than one cup of coffee at breakfast, she hadn’t had anything else to drink since the night before.

At lunch, though, Jen had a large glass of water and a glass of juice, and Mary had to keep up. Each gulp felt like the final straw, but by vigorous squirming she kept control. Mary was now cold sweating, from anxiety and the continuous strain on her muscles. Her face was pale. Frankly, she looked ill. Miranda came over and asked if she was okay, and Mary only nodded and mumbled something about poor sleep (not strictly a lie). Thankfully, the guide left them alone after that.

The last hour of the tour was more of the same. Mary and her friends stayed at the back of the group to shield her, and missed most of the ongoing narration. The three learned only about the art of omorashi that day, even if none of them knew the word.

At the gift shop on the way out, Jen picked up an energy drink and a bottle of water for the trip back. Truth be told, she was now getting squirmy again herself. And worst of all, despite her intense and obvious desperation, Mary was holding strong. Jen had sacrificed so much to set this up, and the payoff was left hanging. She hoped these extra drinks would finally bring the plan to a conclusion.

Then the tour was over. They lined up for the bus, and Miranda once again reminded everyone to avail themselves of the restrooms. The three girls skipped that instruction and seated themselves at the back. Then they were off. Five more hours of hell for Mary.

Penny leaned in and whispered, “How are you holding up?”

“I don’t think I’ll make it,” Mary admitted. “But I’m gonna try.”

“It’s okay,” Jen said. “Accidents happen to the best of us. Drink up, baby.” She had taken to using infantile language to make up for the lacking ultimate humiliation. Mary struggled through her bottle of water, but once it came to the energy drink, she had to take a pause.

“I’m gonna have to pace myself,” she said. Her hands were permanently in her crotch. Both Penny and Jen were now squirming. Jen most obviously. She was beginning to doubt she could make the return journey. Consequently, she didn’t object to holding off on the second drink.

Time passed glacially slow, but it did pass. For Mary, the world had shrunk to an ocean of urine and a bottle with a questionable cap trying to keep it in. Finally, they were at the halfway point, with its gas station, convenience store, and restrooms. Miranda herded everyone off the bus. Again, Mary tried her best to shield herself behind everyone else. She had no idea how she’d explain her refusal to use the bathroom if anyone took even a chance look at her. It was that obvious.

Surprisingly, Penny seemed to be almost as bad off. And she wasn’t as careful. Miranda caught her eye and beckoned her over. “Young lady, I can see you’re bursting. This is the last rest stop in hours,” the matronly guide told her. “It’s okay to be shy about these things, but needs must. It’s not okay to damage bus company property. So I suggest strongly that you go and do what you need to do.” Penny blushed. She had mostly made it to her own bathroom the night before, but since her accident she had challenged herself to keep up with the other two girls. This felt like a lecture a mother would give a young child just out of diapers. But she was hard pressed to counter it. Penny beckoned the other two over and explained what had transpired.

“Honestly, I’m bursting but I think I can make it. But if I don’t even pretend to go pee, I’ll get a lecture and a half from that crazy old lady.”

That gave Jen an idea. “Let’s all go together,” she said. “But not to pee, obviously. Just go in and go out again unrelieved.” She hoped the sight of a toilet would be too much for her friend. Mary was in no state to object. She needed the other two around to shield her, so she followed along. This was a truck stop, really, so it had a real big public restroom with many stalls. Most of the other passengers had left when the three girls entered, though. Jen opened the door to a stall invitingly, gesturing from Mary to the toilet. “Here’s your last chance,” she said.

Mary bent over. The sight of the toilet was almost too much. She could feel a leak on the verge of escaping, and couldn’t suppress a moan. She stayed in that awkward position for a minute, then got up again. “Let’s go,” she said curtly. Penny took a longing look at the open stall, but didn’t go in.

Being the last ones to enter the bus and pass by Miranda, the three desperate women had to walk extra straight to pretend they’d actually relieved themselves. The strain of not squirming, squeezing, bending, clutching, or otherwise giving herself away was almost too much for Mary. Almost. They got back to their usual seat, now free to potty dance for an Olympic medal in toddler-hood, and settled in for the last part of the journey.

An hour away from the truck stop, Mary had almost given up. The familiar pressure had been sitting at near-max for hours, but now it was building, building, building. But then came a gasp from Jen, and she doubled over. Mary looked over. Her friend’s face was strained, looking down at her lap. Nothing was visible, but Mary was pretty sure her friend had leaked. The idea gave her own motivation a second wind. Logically, if Jen was starting to wet herself, Mary, who had drunk twice as much and gone twice as long, should be twice as close to the same. But emotionally, the idea that even with this stupid, unfair gambit, Jen might embarrass herself twice gave Mary a boost. Penny noticed too. “Hey, I think your friend’s leaking,” she stage-whispered to Mary.

“I’m not!” Jen protested.

“Want to submit to a panty check?” Penny asked.

“You cheeky little...”

“Not the time and place, dear,” Mary said.

Now all three girls were at the stage where their dignity and pride were hanging on a dice roll every minute. Mary placed her heel under her, pressing against her pee-hole, and supplemented that with a firm grip. She would double over whenever a particularly bad wave crashed down. Time passed. Miles, or kilometers, whichever you prefer, were traversed.

An hour away from the destination of the bus, Penny moaned. She leaned in to Mary and whispered: “Hey, when is the official end point of this whole thing? When you get to your apartment?”

“Yeah,” Mary answered. “Why?”

“Can I, like, come with you guys? I kinda already leaked a bit. And also, I want to see an end to this. I’m pulling for you.”

“Sure. Why not?”

Somehow, they made it to the bus stop. A bus stop which was literally just a place for people to get on and off, no toilet in sight. It was a fifteen-minute walk through the center of town to Mary’s place. The girls hobbled off. Jen was biting her lip, every bit as squirmy as Mary. Penny had a visible wet spot on her pants, but it was getting dark and not that obvious from a distance.

At this point in the incidence report, I found something novel. I think the deities of the fifth dimension might be observing many parallel universes, most of them just like ours, with just a few minor differences. Either that, or they like to write alternative scenarios as fanfiction to reality and present it as fact. Whatever the case, I’ve found no way to reconcile the three distinct endings to this report that I have in my files. So I will simply present each one in turn. I suspect depending on the reader’s personal tastes, which one they hope occurred in our universe will differ.

Epilogue One

The only thing standing between Mary and relief was a quarter of an hour of walking. The problem was that they had to pass through the busiest part of town. Since they were on vacation, they’d gone on a Thursday and returned on a Friday night. It was still somewhat early, but people were beginning to gather around the bars and clubs they had to pass through.

There was nothing for it than to begin walking. Or hobbling, with frequent stops to squeeze. A group of young guys headed to a party hollered at them. Mary ignored them. She just put one foot in front of the other, straining with all her might not to lose it all so close to home.

Just as they were passing the busiest nightlife area, their erratic walk caught the attention of a police officer on duty. Perhaps he thought they were on drugs, the way they walked. He came over and asked them for their names. They each responded with monosyllables. “I can’t help noticing you’re acting a bit oddly,” the officer began. He didn’t get any further.

A massive cramp hit Mary’s bladder, and she instinctively sank into a squat. As she did, it was all too much. With the police officer looking on, Mary began peeing. It emerged like a fire hose, straight through her pants, splashing her feet, seeping into her socks and sneakers. The puddle began running down the incline of the cobbled street. The police officer took a step back, still too stunned to speak. Mary continued wetting herself as Jen took control of the situation, in her preferred style.

“I’m sorry, officer,” she said. “We’ve been on a long bus journey and all need a bit of a pee. But my friend here, she never listens when I tell her, ‘This is the last restroom in a while, you better take the chance.’ She thinks she can hold it. She never learns.” Mary’s cheeks were reddening, and she could feel tears welling up. Here she was, a serious woman in a good job, a real adult, and she was wetting herself like a toddler and getting told off for it as if she were one. But the relief of all that pent up urine was so pleasurable, she was able to keep from breaking into crying. Jen truly had gotten the revenge fantasy she wanted.

“Oh, my,” said the officer. “Sorry for holding you up. I think I can let you off with a warning for public urination, given the circumstances. I suggest you get home safe.”

Jen nodded. The effort not to squirm was almost too much for her, but she had half the volume and half the holding time of her friend, and she didn’t break yet. “We live right by. Sorry again. Bye.” Mary had finally gotten the flow under control, and was now soaked front to back. There was really no dry spot left on the front of her pants, given the main stream, the rivulets down her thighs, and the splashback. She also had a large wet patch surrounding her butt and going halfway down the backs of her thighs. Jen and Penny dragged her along.

They walked in silence back to Mary’s place. Jen would save the gloating for later. She’d replay the memory in her mind any time she felt jealous of her friend. It was a card she could play any time. Right now, silence was actually the crueler thing. Thankfully for Mary, Penny took up the mantle her best friend did not. She put an arm around Mary’s shoulder, rubbing it and whispering that she was sorry, how proud she was that Mary had lasted so long, how cruel Jen’s gambit had been, but mostly, that embarrassing things happen but you get over them.

When they arrived at Mary’s place, Penny ran into the bathroom with Mary, locking Jen out. Mary was too humiliated to care much about privacy by this point, so she began undressing for a shower while Penny peed in the toilet. Penny’s wet spot had grown down the inside of one thigh. “I didn’t exactly make it either,” she offered.

“Guess not,” Mary said.

Outside, Jen was frantic. She had gotten her wish, true, but now she was in danger of having another accident herself. She squirmed and squeezed. Jen was uncomfortably aware of the dampness of her panties, from the earlier leak on the bus she’d denied so vehemently. The girls took their time in the bathroom. Perhaps this was karmic justice. She wanted to be here when they got out to gloat, and of course to use the bathroom herself, but she was working on a timer here. Finally, she decided to hurry home.

Unlike Mary, Jen shared an apartment with three other people. It was less convenient but more economical. It was just down the block, and she hobbled her way there. At one point, she felt a little leak dampening her panties again. But she got home, and found there was a party going on. Her roommates invited her to join them predrinking, but she only had a mind for one thing: the bathroom. It was locked. “Oh, that,” said Robert, a friend of one of her housemates. “I think someone’s passed out in there or something.”

Cursing inwardly, Jen locked herself in her bedroom. Her options were limited, and she didn’t want to expose her state to the party guests. Jen crawled into bed, gripping herself, and finally made a decision: she’d have to get back to Mary’s place. Even if it was embarrassing. She sent Mary a text asking if she was done cleaning up. No reply. Jen had spent most of the previous night too excited to sleep, hoping to observe her friend wet the bed, fantasizing about what might happen the next day, and now she was quite tired. After a while, she dozed off.

The next morning, she was woken by a knock at her bedroom door. “Hey, Jen,” Mary said. Someone must have let her in. “I thought we might talk about what happened. Square things.” Without asking permission, she entered Jen’s bedroom.

“I got your text, but only saw it this morning...” Mary began. Then she saw the look on her friend’s face. Before Jen could object, Mary ripped the blanket off the bed. It revealed her friend settled in a fetal position, on top a wet spot that encompassed the entire center of the bed.

“Now that,” Mary said, “is absolutely priceless. Penny is going to hear all about that one.”

Epilogue Two

They made their way slowly through the town center, trying to avoid either wetting themselves or attracting any undue attention due to their erratic walking. Step by step, they came closer. Mary almost lost it when she put the key in her door, but with an epic crotch-squeeze and a dip, she held in the flood. Jen was right behind her, almost as desperate. Mary let go of her crotch and stormed to the bathroom. She felt a leak coming on in seconds. She had her jeans unbuttoned before she was in the room, and down a second later.

Mary swung herself around and down onto the toilet seat while simultaneously lowering her panties, which were by now damp with sweat but no urine. And not a second too early. The stream began before she was fully seated, and continued for three minutes. She closed her eyes and simply enjoyed the feeling. It was the closest she’d ever come to an all-out accident. Arguably closer than the time she actually leaked a little. But she’d made it, she’d beat Jen’s stupid gambit, she’d even made a potential new friend in Penny. Life was good.

Outside the bathroom, life was not good. Jen was desperate and had just been denied the revenge she spent so much effort and sacrificed so much to gain. And thinking it over now, torturing her friend, manipulating her like that, was a shitty thing to do. It was all about her own trauma from years ago. It had nothing to do with Mary, who didn’t do any of the many manipulative tricks Jen had employed to set this contest up. It had just been one in an endless serious of pointless, informal contests between them. She’d just taken the loss especially hard that one time. It would have been a hollow victory if she won, and she didn’t even win.

Penny had a dinner-plate sized wet spot between her legs, but now seemed to have gotten back in control. Out of the blue, she asked: “So, do you wanna talk about why you want to humiliate your friend so much? Because it strikes me as cruel.”

“You said that yesterday,” Jen said. “And it pissed me off then. But you’re right. It’s just me projecting my own insecurities on other people. Wanting to feel better about myself by making others endure what I did. That doesn’t make you a good friend.”

“No,” Penny said. “It makes you a bully. But I can tell you’re a good person at heart. You two will discuss this over, you’ll get over it, and you’ll realize having an accident one time at summer camp is nothing to spend the rest of your life worrying about.”

“Wow,” Jen said. “I took you for immature, but you’re just calling me on my bullshit. You’re right.”

“Wanna know why I got caught up in this whole deal?” Penny said.

“I can’t imagine why anyone would… Excuse me, get horny, I guess? At this.”

“I waited too long one time. It was a foolish decision. Family road trip. You want to know how old I was? Fifteen. Same age as you, and I peed in the car seat after I refused to pee at a rest stop. My mom told me to grow up and stop acting like a child, and I did. I did it by acting like a child on my own terms. Now, I challenge myself because I like to. I like the thrill of it. And if I lose, well, I lost because I wanted to play a game where wetting was a possible outcome. I took control.”

“I don’t feel like going around getting desperate and pissing myself on purpose just to get over this old thing,” Jen said.

“Then don’t. Just think that now you’re an adult. You do what you want, how you want. You’re not who you were then, now.”

At that point, Mary emerged from the bathroom. “So, Jen, do you want to do your damn panty check now?”

Jen shook her head. “Nah. I’m sorry for setting this up. It was stupid and cruel. I should be a better friend, and I’m sorry.”

“Whoa,” Mary said. She looked over at Penny. “What did you two talk about while I emptied an ocean into the bowl?”

“I think we could all become good friends,” was Penny’s non-answer.

Epilogue Three

(Content warning: light messing)

It had gone so well for so long, when Mary put the key in the lock, she thought she’d made it. Unfortunately, so did her brain. It assumed the closeness to a suitable place to relieve herself was permission to do so. She soaked herself on the doorstep. Jen patted her on the back while Mary emptied herself out, offering words about getting her gold star the next time. The gold star, remember, was the sticker she was supposed to get for being a good girl and not peeing herself that day. Just another cruel, infantilizing jab. Mary was too exhausted to respond. She finished up her accident, then walked straight to the bathroom, locked it, and got ready for a shower.

That left two desperate girls in the living room. Each sat down on the couch, squeezing themselves. Penny already had a pretty big wet spot between her legs, but the involuntary release seemed to have strengthened her resolve. She was able to sit almost upright, and only occasionally squeeze herself. Penny picked up the remote and flicked on the TV just to have some background noise. She didn’t want to attempt conversation. She was still unsure what the deal was with Jen. She’d been hostile, but also somewhat accommodating of Penny’s intrusion into the two besties’ private bet. Come to think of it, inserting herself between them like that was a bold and crazy move. She did like Mary, though. Penny was sorry to see her lose, although she couldn’t deny she’d enjoyed watching the buildup.

On the other side of the couch, Jen was in big trouble. At one point, she placed her heel under her. She was constantly squirming. Then, out of the corner of her eye, Penny saw Jen’s gaze go blank. Jen raised herself slightly, closed her eyes for a moment, and then repositioned herself so she was sitting on her knees with her butt slightly raised off the surface. The two of them sat in silence like that for a few minutes, watching a mindless reality show.

“You better go change, too,” Penny said.

“What? I don’t need to...”

“Girl, I can smell you. If you’re lucky, the smell will be gone by the time your friend emerges from the shower. I’ll be nice and tell her you peed yourself and that’s why you’re wearing her clothes and yours are in a plastic bag. Unless you wanna walk home like that.”

Jen’s face lit up like a stoplight. She couldn’t deny it. Her plan had been perfect, except for one detail: every body expels two kinds of waste. And she hadn’t thought about the second one. She’d been desperate for that too, for a while. Sitting there waiting for the shower, while also trying to hold her pee; it had been too much. She’d lost it and now had a nasty lump in the back of her pants.

To say that it was a Pyrrhic victory would be understating things.

Things might get interesting if I keep hanging with these two, Penny thought as Jen made her waddle towards Mary’s bedroom, where she knew most of Mary’s clothes were. Jen hoped they’d fit, seeing as she’d used up her spare change of clothes on her deliberate accident.

And thus concludes this sequence of interconnected case files.
