Birdie

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2023-07-23 21:22

Context: This is a story about a kinky couple. They have a safeword.

–

Spark knew something was different tonight the moment he opened the front door and looked Ace in the eyes, and although his sixth sense didn't tell him what it was, his dick provided a theory: Ace needed to pee.

His heart started racing in his chest, but he swallowed forcefully and took control of himself again. Ace was the stunningly, irresistibly cute trans girl who'd been his It's Complicated for almost a year by this point. He loved her to bits for all sorts of reasons, mostly non-perverted… but one additional thing that kept him hooked on her, one little detail he couldn't let go of, was that in all that time, he had never seen her go to the bathroom. The girl would never admit to needing to pee, even when they'd spent all day together, and whenever Spark asked her about it, she would shrug it off, murmur that she was “all set”, and change the subject. He'd tried this at several points during their relationship, and gotten the same answer each time: Ace was fine. She didn't need to go.

Tonight was different. He knew it before she even came inside, before he even said “hello”. Something – probably he'd never know what, but something – had kept Ace from going to the bathroom today, and in the end, she'd come over without emptying her bladder. His dick hardened immediately; his brain switched to planning mode. This might be his only chance to see what he'd wanted to see ever since he'd caught sight of the wonderful girl from across the bar last Summer. First rule: either Ace or the bathroom (preferably Ace) must be in his sight at all times. He breathed, blinked, internalized the rule. It might be a hard one to follow, but Spark was not going to let this opportunity slip away. If Ace used the bathroom tonight, he would know.

“You okay?”

Spark stared at her, and slowly cracked a smile. “Doing just fine, my lovely birdie. Come in.”

She came in. Spark let the door close behind her, then grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her in for a kiss, which turned into two kisses, then three, and then several minutes of making out. It had become their standard greeting.

Second rule: offer the girl drinks at every conceivable opportunity. Even a full bladder can need a little encouragement before it really becomes a problem its holder can't ignore. When the two were done drooling on each other, Spark grabbed Ace by the hand and led her to the kitchen (a nice place to be, given that the bathroom was comfortably in line of sight from anywhere within it). Two two-liter bottles of coke came out of the fridge. Spark scrutinized his partner's eyes carefully as he poured diet carbonation into his own cup, and regular into hers. He saw no signs of discomfort, at least not beyond the baseline. Fine. It was only 6 o'clock. He'd break her soon enough.

“You forgot the vodka,” Ace said when Spark handed it to her.

“I heard today that it's better for you if you start with a non-alcoholic drink.”

She eyed the cup, eyed Spark, eyed the cup again, then eyed Spark again. A question seemed to be on the tip of her tongue, but she swallowed it, and just took the drink.

The pair went to the living room, which was a less nice place to be, because it was around the corner from the bathroom. If Ace left the room, Spark would have come with her to be sure she wasn't peeing. They sat down on the couch, and scooched in until their hips were touching. Ace caught Spark's eye; the horniness peaked; they made out again. As they kissed, Spark planned. It might come across as weird to keep following Ace around if she didn't stay in one place, but… wait.

“Hold on,” Spark said, pulling back from the kissing. “Be right back. I gotta pee.”

Third rule: fuck the first rule, Spark would just lock the bathroom door. He lived alone, so there was no danger of a roommate needing to pee while Ace was over, and the door could be unlocked from the outside with a key he kept in the kitchen drawer. Spark emptied his own bladder first, washed his hands, opened the door, engaged the lock, and closed it behind him as he exited. That made his heartbeat pick up once more. It was really happening. He grabbed the key and put it in his pocket, collected the bottles of soda from the counter and then came back to the couch.

“The faster you drink that soda, the faster you get your vodka,” he teased Ace.

The question from earlier came back to her mouth, and this time she asked it. “You really think it's necessary?”

Spark nodded. A lie.

“It's just…” Ace said. “I dunno, I don't think I really need it.”

He kissed her. “Come on, birdie, I'm not giving you any alcohol until you drink it.” The two had developed a bit of a dom/sub dynamic in the time they'd known each other. Ace looked up at Spark; Spark stared her down with a smirk. Finally she looked away. Submission. He picked up her drink and put it in her hands. “Good girl,” he said.

Playing Mario Kart might seem like a bit of a step down from the pair's earlier interactions, but the way they played, it wasn't. Spark sat in the center of the couch, and Ace sat on his lap. His arms reached around the girl to hold his controller, and he rested his hands directly on her crotch. Whenever Spark won a race, Ace would grind herself on his legs, and whenever Ace won, Spark would reach under her shirt and give her chest a feeling up. Sometimes they didn't even wait until the race was over.

Six races in, and Spark's brain latched onto another oddity: Ace hadn't won any of them yet. Normally she won more than half the time! By now her first drink was gone, and Spark had refilled her cup with more soda, and this time, a shot. But, he left the shot out of his own cup when he refilled it. Fourth rule: no alcohol. Spark wanted to be fully conscious and sober for everything that happened tonight.

Three more races, and Spark's win streak remained unbroken. He wrapped his arm across Ace's chest, not-so-subtly resting his hand on her boob.

“Something wrong, my birdie?” he asked, planting a kiss on her neck.

“No,” she said. “Why?”

“Because you just lost nine races in a row.”

She looked to the side awkwardly. “I guess you're getting good?”

“Guess so,” Spark said. “Or maybe you need to pee, and it's distracting you.”

Her cheeks turned red almost instantly when he said it. She looked away again, a grimace on her face, unable to even respond. The next race started without Spark pressing any buttons. She lost that one too, as well as the remaining six races in the match.

“Here, birdie,” Spark said. “Come to the kitchen, I got something I wanna show you. Bring your cup.”

Ace brought her cup and set it down on the counter when Spark told her to. It was still half-full of her second drink (the first alcoholic one).

“I need that to be empty,” Spark said.

Ace glanced at the bathroom door. “Why?”

“Gosh, you're full of questions tonight,” Spark said. “Because I'm going to make you a new drink I invented, that's why. Bottoms up.”

Ace put the cup to her lips, hesitated, then closed her eyes and drank it down.

“Good girl,” Spark said again. He took the cup from her, and stared at his girl with hungry eyes. “Ready for it?” he asked.

“I could use a break first.”

“Sure.” He continued staring at her, his dick fully erect and pressing almost painfully into the crotch of his jeans. As he stared, his sixth sense began tingling again. Having spent 90 minutes with Ace, he was more sure than ever that she needed to pee. The look was still there in her eyes, and now she was shifting her weight back and forth from foot to foot, her hips swaying provocatively as her mostly-bare legs took turns supporting her body. It was all Spark could do to resist grabbing her short-shorts by the belt loops and yanking them down right there in the middle of the kitchen. He looked her up and down, up and down. His eyes couldn't get enough. Finally she smirked at him.

“Someone's horny,” she remarked.

He grabbed her by the shirt collar and pulled her into him.

“Someone's sexy,” he replied.

Ace smiled, and this time, it was less of a controlled, teasing smirk, and more a mirthful, giggly grin that she couldn't have contained even if she'd wanted to. She was still shifting her weight back and forth, though now that she was practically pressed up against her boyfriend, she seemed like she was trying to be more subtle about it.

“You look like you have more to say,” she said, putting a hand on his chest.

“Yeah, I do,” Spark said. “I got a question for you. Do you need to pee?”

Ace's face turned beet red again, and her smile was replaced by another grimace. “Y-you're asking again?” she said. The swaying stopped immediately, and was replaced by a statue-still, if rather tense, standing pose. Got her.

“I'm just making conversation,” Spark said. “So, do you?”

She turned her head away, but kept her body where it was. “I… I'm f-fine…” she murmured.

Spark wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a hug. One hand grabbed her head and scritched her scalp. The other came to rest low on her back, then slid down a bit to find her butt. He squeezed her tight, trying to put as much pressure on her bladder as possible. His dick was pressing directly into her tum, and nearly pushing him over the edge. He wondered if the embrace was bringing her as close to the point of explosion as it was him… in a different way, of course. Spark knew the poor girl was forcing herself to stand still. Her body was too tense for the lack of motion to be natural. And from what he could tell, the aforementioned tum was firmer now than it usually was.

Fifth rule: Ace does not fucking leave this apartment until she admits to needing to pee. It was too good. Too obvious. The girl was too fucking sexy to be let go without showing her hand. Spark would never be able to forgive himself. He needed to see her break. Finally Ace pulled back from the hug, and Spark had to wonder whether she was just satisfied with the amount of affection, or whether it was that she couldn't take the pressure anymore.

“I'm ready for that drink?” she suggested.

Spark patted her ass, and kissed her on the lips. “Of course, my good girl,” he said. He opened up the fridge and pulled out a jug of orange juice. “Hold the cup, birdie.” She picked it up and held it carefully in front of her. He uncapped the juice, looked her in the eye, and began pouring it in. This time he was sure it was affecting her. Ace was strong, but her eyes couldn't hide what she was feeling inside. She seriously needed to pee, and the splashing sound of the pouring liquid was making it noticeably worse. He poured until the cup was half full, then traded the orange juice for lemonade and filled it most of the rest of the way. Next he added a small handful of raspberries, and finally a squirt of concentrated lime juice.

“Just need a shot of vodka,” he said. “I call it a Fruit Cocktail!”

“Isn't that a salad?”

Spark shrugged. “All right then, birdie, hit me with one of your genius names.” It was a running joke between them that she could think of a good name for almost anything, almost instantly. Quite a few of her names stuck around and became everyday phrases between the two of them.

“Uhm,” she said. There was a silence. “Can't think of anything.”

Spark smirked at her. She looked back at him and pretended not to know why, and he pretended not to know she knew. “Back to the couch, then? Movie time?”

“Yeah.”

Even in the Summer, the two lovebirds liked to cuddle under a blanket while they watched movies. Somehow it felt more private (and therefore, more intimate) than just sitting on the couch… as though the lamp would be spying on them if they didn't cover up. Spark sat normally, and Ace sat to his side, legs swung over his lap, intertwined with his. One of his arms was around her, helping her balance; the other hand was under her shirt, and its fingertips kept sliding down and slipping into her shorts. Spark couldn't help but notice that applying any pressure down there would reliably cause Ace to shift position, rearranging herself to get out of his grip and, presumably, relieve the pressure on her bladder. He did this periodically, trying not to make it too obvious what he was up to, but unable to resist the thrill of it.

Half an hour in, and Spark noticed that Ace was starting to squirm just a little in his embrace. She wasn't full-on potty dancing or anything, but she couldn't quite seem to keep her legs still. She'd scissor them gently for fifteen seconds every now and then, cross them briefly and then uncross them a minute later, or wiggle in place as though to grind on Spark's lap. And every time she did one of these things, Spark heard a barely-audible grunt escape her throat under her breath.

Spark paused the movie, looked at Ace, and glanced at her half-full cup. “Would you like another drink?” he asked.

“I haven't finished this one,” she said.

He smirked. “Someone likes to argue.”

She gave him a look, and crossed her legs. “Someone likes to tell me what to do.”

He kissed her. “Sure do, birdie. Drink up?”

“Fine.” She picked up the glass, uncrossed her legs, bent forward a bit, and drank it. Spark reached under her shirt and scritched her back as she gulped it down. He tried to take the cup from her when she was done, but she gripped it tight and wouldn't let go.

“I'm full,” she said.

“Are you now?”

“I don't want to drink any more.”

“That's interesting.”

Ace grimaced. “Unpause the movie.”

“Yes, my birdie.”

The cup she'd been drinking out of was (not by coincidence) the largest one Spark owned, around 800ml when full to the brim. By now she had drank more than two liters over the last three hours, and that was on top of a bladder already full enough that Spark had sensed something was up. It had to be getting to her.

And by the looks of it, it was. Her squirming was amping up constantly; Ace was getting less and less subtle about the state of her bladder. By an hour in she was moving almost continuously, shifting her weight from side to side, repositioning her hands for no reason, and grinding her ass against Spark's lap to disguise the fact that she couldn't sit still if she tried. Spark wasn't watching the movie at all; he was entirely in his own world, focusing on her body, her bladder, her emotions, her everything. Fifteen minutes of grinding later, he couldn't take the tension anymore. He paused the movie again.

“You definitely need to pee,” he said.

Ace huffed. “Is this your secret fetish??” she asked. “I can't believe you're talking about that again.”

He grinned. “It couldn't be more obvious, birdie.”

She crossed her arms and stopped grinding, but Spark felt the immense tension in her body. It was, again, completely forced, and probably quite fragile. “I'm fine.”

“You don't need to pee?”

She didn't answer.

“I think you might need to pee.”

Ace rolled her eyes. Her face was the color of a tomato. “What's wrong with you?”

“You're not answering my question,” Spark teased.

“I said I'm fine!”

“But you didn't say you don't need to pee.”

“I… I don't.”

“Don't what?”

She glared at him. “Need to.”

“Say it.”

She squeezed her thighs together despite herself. Spark put his hands between her knees and pried them apart, forcing her legs to a 60 degree angle. She stayed silent.

“Come on,” Spark said. “Full sentence. I wanna hear it.”

“…I… don't need to go…”

“That's not how I phrased it.”

Ace looked at him fiercely, half incensed and half embarrassed, trying to play it cool but obviously quite riled up. She swallowed.

“I don't need to pee.”

Spark kissed her. “That's a good girl,” he said. “You sure?”

“Yes. Can we please unpause the movie now?”

“Anything for my sexy birdie.”

During the rest of the movie, Ace kept her body much more under control. Her squirming stopped almost entirely, and was replaced by only the occasional change in posture or shift in weight. Her vocalizations, though, betrayed what was really going on. They were much more audible now, loud enough that she had to know Spark could hear her. Every two minutes she was grunting like someone doing overhead presses. Or someone getting punched in the gut.

Or someone who desperately needed to pee but was constitutionally incapable of admitting it and excusing herself to use the bathroom.

Spark was sure he'd cum in his sweatpants, but somehow he made it through the movie without an accident, and so did his girlfriend. She stood up and stretched immediately after it was over, and with her arms raised high above her head, arcing her body into a single, hotter-than-hell curve, Spark saw that her bladder was jutting out from her tum considerably.

“Alright, I think I'm gonna head h–”

Nope. Sorry, but Spark couldn't let her get through the rest of that sentence. He lept to his feet and stood next to her.

“So! Birdie,” he said. He put his arm around her hips, and brushed her nose affectionately with his finger. “Birdie.”

“Uh,” she said. “Yes?” She grabbed the waistband of her short-shorts with one hand, fiddling and fidgeting with it as the two of them stood in the empty living room. She spun her body back and forth at the waist, perhaps just a bit impatiently.

“Birdie~” he said again.

“What?”

“Birdieeee~” he teased.

She sighed. “Yes, my king? What is it?”

“I was thinking we could try something tonight that we've been talking about.” She gazed at him. He grinned. “Bondage?”

This brought a twisted, conflicted expression to her face. In their texting chats, she had been unspeakably horny for the idea, practically begging him to buy the supplies and try them out on her. And Spark knew she still was. They were on the same wavelength about this kind of thing. The only problem was how badly she needed to pee.

Spark gave her ass a slap. “The supplies are in my car. I'd just have to run out and grab them.”

“Hhh, um,” Ace said. She glanced over at the bathroom door again. “Okay, sure.”

Spark grinned at her, kissed her, and then left the apartment. But he didn't head to the car immediately. Instead, he paused outside the front door, which was positioned quite nearby to the bathroom. He waited there in carefully-maintained silence for ten seconds, then twenty, then thirty, and then…

…and then, as expected, he heard a quick sequence of two sounds that almost finished him off right then and there: first, the sound of someone rattling a locked doorknob, and then the sound of Ace's voice, saturated with dismay and exasperation, softly exclaiming “Fuck! What??” He suppressed a giggle of delight, and dashed down the stairs and out to the car to get the stuff.

When he returned, he did what he could to put on a straight face. Ace was in the kitchen, leaning against the counter, legs crossed and jiggling, arms folded across her chest, looking angrily to one side. She uncrossed her legs and softened her expression the moment the door opened, but Spark still saw it.

“Ready?”

“…yeah…”

They went to the bedroom, Ace resting her hands on her crotch whenever she thought Spark wasn't looking. Spark tossed the supplies down on the bed and turned to face her. She was shifting her weight back and forth again, and her forehead was visibly shiny with a thin layer of sweat.

“Lay down,” Spark told her.

Ace obeyed.

“Put your hands above your head, at the head of the bed frame.”

Ace obeyed. Spark slipped a handcuff over one of her wrists and snapped it shut. He ran the other cuff through the bars of the bed frame, then locked it over her other wrist. Ace twisted her body back and forth, moaning under her breath. Spark put a hand on her crotch to keep her still, and found she was just a bit firm down there.

“Lie still, my birdie,” he said.

Ace grunted and moaned, but managed to stifle her writhing. Her breath was rough and fast as Spark cuffed her feet to the base of the bed frame. She couldn't stop moving.

“Good grief, birdie,” Spark said in a mocking tone of voice. “You really couldn't be being more obvious about the fact that you need to pee. It's embarrassing.”

Her face turned red again, a hot shade of humiliation and shame. “I… I… I don't,,,” she sputtered.

Spark sat down on the bed next to her, and stuck his hand up her shirt, resting it on her chest.

“You obviously do, my birdie. You need to pee. Badly.”

“I don't!” she cried. The words were mixed in with her pained breathing. “I, I don't, I don't n… I don't.”

“Well,” Spark said. “I'd like to see a bit more of your body. Really, I've wanted to see that all evening. I think I'll take off one item of your clothing every time you say you don't need to pee. How does that sound, my birdie?”

Ace was beginning to sniffle. Her body started twisting again. Her legs desperately tried to cross themselves, but couldn't get far because of the cuffs on her ankles. She didn't answer. Spark put his hand on her bladder bulge, which by this point was considerable.

“Do you need to pee?” he asked.

“No,” she whimpered.

Spark grabbed her shirt by the hem and pulled it up over her head and arms, exposing her bra. He put his hand back on her tum and gave it a firm squeeze. Ace groaned and squirmed away.

“It's so obvious,” Spark said. “You're dying to pee. You have been for hours.”

“No,,,” Ace said.

Spark reached under her back, unhooked her bra, and yanked it off of her, throwing it across the room. He slapped his hand down on her bladder hard, and she cried out in pain.

“Your bladder is bursting. Your muscles are exhausted. You couldn't possibly need to pee more urgently.”

“I-I-I'm.. nngngnggggg I'm fine!!” she yelled through gritted teeth. She squirmed and writhed under his grip, knees knocking together, butt slamming against the bed as she struggled against the bonds. Spark grabbed her shorts by the waistband and began unbuttoning them, making no effort not to dig his fingers into her bladder as he did so. He pulled them down around her ankles, leaving Ace exposed to the world, chest completely bare, crotch covered only by a pair of panties.

“Please,” she said. “Please, please, Spark, hhhhh, please!”

Spark smirked at her, and cupped one of her boobs in his hand. “You tried to use the bathroom while I was out getting these handcuffs.”

That broke her. Her face completed its transformation into a tomato, and tears began streaming from her eyes. Her body was shaking with the pain and stress of holding her pee, and when she spoke, her voice was in pieces. “I-I-I-I-I-… ngn, I, nnnnnngggg, no, no, no, I, I, hhhh, I d-d-, I, I d-didn't!”

Spark leaned in to kiss her on the lips, a gesture she managed to return despite her utterly fractured state of mind and body.

@@“Sorry, birdie, but that was your last chance to get out of this.” He hooked his thumbs around the hem of her panties, and slowly dragged them down her legs, revealing her already partially-erect penis as they slipped off of her hips. He brought them down to her ankles too, put a hand on his birdie's chest to let her know he loved her, and grabbed what she once told him was his. His heart was pounding, her heart was pounding, the energy was palpable, and he began to rub. Ace's variously-inspired vocalizations merged together into one continuous stream of sound, sobbing and crying and laughing and begging and moaning with pleasure and needing to pee all at once. Her body was still twisting and writhing in place, simultaneously because she needed to pee as badly as she ever had in her life, and because she couldn't for all the world get enough of Spark's hand. He rubbed and rubbed and rubbed, telling her over and over how much he loved her, how beautiful she was, how badly he'd been wanting her, what a good girl she was being, and how he wasn't going to slow down until she finished. She'd never felt more like herself.

Finally it happened. Gasping and shivering with pleasure, Ace tipped over the edge and came on Spark's hand, on herself, and on the bed. Spark rubbed her just a little longer to make sure she was satisfied, and then leaned in and kissed her on the lips again.

“You're a perfect girl,” he said. “A perfect girl.”

“Hhhhhfmasndf fuckkk fuck fuck nnnnngngggg fuck, thank you, thank you, hhhhh fuck, hmgmshgmalmnhmmhdaljhhffffffff, hhh, thank you, ,, thank you, hhh, I love you, hhh, fuck… I… I love you…”

Finally, for the first time in an hour, her body became still. She was breathing hard, but was slowly relaxing into a state of tranquility and bliss.

“Ohhhh my godddd,” she moaned. “Spark.”

“Yes, my love?”

“I love you.”

“I love you too.”

They kissed again. For a few moments, they simply lay there, Spark's hand still resting on Ace's belly, still covered in her cum, just enjoying each other's touch and presence.

But of course, there was another aspect of the situation that neither of them could forget.

Within a minute, Ace was moving again, rocking her hips slowly from side to side under Spark's touch.

“Something wrong, my wonderful birdie?” he asked. He wiped his soiled hand mostly clean on the bedsheets, and rested it on her shoulder.

She grimaced, and looked to the side. “N-nothing,” she said. He felt her abs tense up in his hand, and the girl stopped moving temporarily… but seconds later, she was right back to it, and seconds after that, she was squeezing her thighs together uncontrollably. Her whole body was tense.

Spark smirked at her again.

“You need to go to the bathroom.”

“I-I don't–”

“You've needed to go since you got here.”

“…”

“You probably haven't gone all day.”

She looked into his eyes. Everything about her body language was frantic. Her skin was covered in sweat. She was having an emergency.

“I-I'd like to be untied now.”

“So you can go to the bathroom?”

She swallowed, and squeezed her eyes shut.

“I'm not untying you until you admit it,” Spark said.

“…”

“Why do you need to be untied?”

“…”

He leaned in close, kissed her neck, and whispered in her ear.

“Is it so you can go to the bathroom?”

Ace nodded.

“Use your voice. Full sentence.”

“…”

“Come on. Now.”

“…”

“…”

“…it's so I can go to the bathroom…”

A domineering grin spread across Spark's face. He smacked her bladder again.

“Guess what?”

She opened her eyes and stared timidly at him.

“No.”

“…what…?”

“No. I'm not letting you go.”

Ace blinked. “Ghh… I… what? …please?”

He shook his head. She was full-on writhing again, twisting in place and panting with pain. Panic was slowly dawning on her face.

“P… please?”

“No.”

“Wh… ghhh,” she moaned. “What… what do you need me to do to get untied?”

Spark just smiled at her, gripping her bladder in his hand. He didn't need anything he didn't already have.

“U-uhm, Spark? Do you… just want me to say that I… need to pee? Is that it? You kept asking…”

“…”

“Okay, um, hey, I…” She swallowed. “I need to pee. Okay? Is that what you wanna hear? I… have to pee.”

With every word her squirming became more frantic, her voice more pained, the sweat on her naked body more visible.

“Can you… can you untie me now? Please? I really… I really need to pee. Please.”

“…”

“Ghh… oh my god, please, Spark. Please. I really… need to pee now. I need to go to the bathroom. You kept asking me if I needed to pee. Yes, Spark, I need to pee. Okay? You were right, I haven't gone all day. I didn't get a chance. I needed to pee when I got here. And I need to pee now. Spark. Please.”

The silence was torture. Intentional torture.

“I… hfff… I don't… I don't know what else you want me to say. I… I've been hiding it all evening, I was gonna wait until I got home. Okay? I was hiding it. I've needed to pee this whole time. B… badly.”

“…”

“Spark. Seriously. I don't want to pee on your bed. Seriously. Please.”

The girl was struggling violently against her bonds now. Tears were coming back to her eyes. Spark leaned his weight into her bladder, and Ace started turning incoherent.

“Please, please, ohmygod, p-please, I… it's… please, Spark, it's so ur-, ghh, please, I-I can't, I can't wait. S-spark, please.”

Spark only grinned, and leaned in harder. He knew it was coming.

“S-spark!! Please! It's g-gonna, i-it's gonna l-l-leak! I- hhhh, nnnnngngggGGG!!”

@@The first jet of pee spurted out of her, and dribbled onto the bed with an audible patter. Ace broke down crying, her sobs punctuated only by continuous groans of effort and pain. Spark ran both hands up and down her body, feeling every part of her, loving every part of her, and helping himself generously to, among other things, her overburdened bladder, which he squeezed and pressed and rolled to his delighted satisfaction. Another spurt of pee came out as he tortured it. He kept on playing until another followed, and then another after that, and finally, Ace simply couldn't stop the flow. The pee leaked out in an unbroken stream, just a trickle at first, but soon enough an appreciable jet. It puddled up on the bed, soaking Ace's ass as she lay there helpless, then Spark's too as he sat there next to her. He kissed and caressed and praised her ceaselessly as she peed, dipping his hand into the stream to feel her warmth, pressing on her tum to make the pee come out faster, and loving his girlfriend infinitely more than he ever had before.

Finally, the pee was done. Any more and it would be spilling out over the edges of the bed and onto the floor. There must have been a liter and a half of it. No wonder he'd never seen her go before. She probably barely ever needed to.

Spark lay down next to Ace and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her forehead and softly telling her how beautiful she was as she sobbed.

Until finally, like the pee, the tears stopped too.

Ace opened her eyes.

They looked at each other.

“Doing okay?” Spark asked. He touched her cheek gently with two fingers.

Ace looked around the room: at Spark, at the ceiling, at the soaked bed, at her own bare crotch, and finally back at Spark.

“Yeah,” she said.

He kissed her.

“Wanna do something like this again some time?”

“…”

“…”

“Yeah.”

*002*2023-08-07 18:28

@Chamomile226

Thank you! Glad you enjoyed. I definitely plan to keep writing, and although I don't have any ideas for a sequel at the moment, I might try to write one eventually :3

*004*2023-08-08 08:52

@huberp76

Thank you! Glad you enjoyed :)

