A Lesson In Skipping Pee Breaks With Rachel And Lilly

Author: SJC Omorashi

*000*2025-05-06 03:54

Hey, so I'm not usually a writer, but I had an idea for a story. This story features my OCs Rachel and Lilly. I'm an omorashi artist, and have made some drawings of some of my favorite parts of my story. I have included the drawings here. Any feedback about my writing would be greatly appreciated.

A Lesson In Skipping Pee Breaks With Rachel And Lilly

Eighteen year old Lilly, and her girlfriend, twenty year old Rachel, just finished their dinner at their favorite fast food restaurant. Rachel has long black hair, and wears short shorts, with a red crop top, that highlights her ample breasts. Lilly has short blonde hair, and wears a white sundress. "Ready to go babe?" Rachel asked Lilly. "Yup. Just let me finish my soda." Lilly responded, as she sucked down the last of her large root beer. Rachel noticed Lilly fidgeting ever so slightly, and knew what that signified. "You drank a lot of soda, and I can tell you need to pee. Make sure to use the toilet before we go." Rachel warned Lilly. "Nah! It's only a fifteen minute drive to our apartment. I can hold it. Besides, look at the line for the ladies' room." Lilly said confidently, while gesturing to the que of six girls waiting to pee.

"That's what you always say, you can hold it, but then ask me to pull over five minutes later." Rachel fired back sternly. "Just know we're not pulling over till we get home." Rachel told Lilly. "Yeah sure." Lilly responded casually. Rachel had heard Lilly make that claim several times as of late, and was growing tired of her girlfriend's neglect of her bladder's needs. Rachel really hated making detours due to Lilly's poor planning and laziness in relation to her bladder. She was determined not to pull over no matter what, until they arrived home. The two girls made their way to Rachel's car and got in. Rachel began driving them home, determined to stick to her guns no matter what.

The car ride was fairly quiet, as the two girlfriends had had quite a chat over dinner. Rachel concentrated on driving, while Lilly sat in the back seat, lost in thought. After a short while, Lilly's need to pee had increased quite rapidly. She was starting to get a little uncomfortable. She decided to check the time, and fifteen minutes had already passed. She looked out the car window and noticed they weren't very far away from the restaurant. "Uh Rachel, shouldn't we be home by now?" Lilly asked.

"Don't you see all the cars?" Rachel fired back. Lilly looked outside her window, and realized there was bumper to bumper traffic. That was a very unusual thing for a Saturday afternoon in this part of town. "It's gonna be a while." Rachel said impatiently. Rachel hated traffic and wasn't used to it, as she usually took the bus in rush hour. So when she was caught in traffic, Rachel was short on patience. The thought of having to find a place to pull over in this gridlock made Rachel deadest on sticking to the plan of "not pulling over until they get home." Rachel is usually a very levelheaded and good tempered girl, but for whatever reason, traffic always gets on her last nerve. "Oh. Ok." Lilly said, sounding disappointed.

The car continued to move at a snail's pace for fifteen more minutes, barely moving. Lilly's bladder was now starting to get very full. She began dancing a little in her seat. Lilly would normally ask Rachel to pull over, but she remembered what they had discussed in the restaurant, and decided to keep silent. Rachel Knew Lilly had to pee badly by now, but wanted to stick to her guns, to teach Lilly her lesson. "This'll teach her not to put off peeing!" Rachel thought to herself. Rachel's frustration with the traffic was taking away any sympathy she had for Lilly's predicament.

As Rachel was driving slowly, a police woman with a safety vest and a traffic wand approached her door. Rachel rolled down the window. "Afternoon ladies." The officer said. "We've had a major car accident ahead. Luckily everyone's ok. Both lanes are shut down ahead, so please make a detour down Mason street." The officer said, pointing to another officer waving the car to the exit. "Ok. Thanks officer." Rachel replied. Rachel pulled into the exit. As they drove down on Mason street, the flow of traffic sped up a lot, but was still much slower than normal. "This'll teach Lilly!" Rachel thought to herself, thinking of how much longer it would be to get home.

Lilly's heart sank. Mason street was a major detour from their apartment. She figured with the traffic the way it was now, it would be another hour before they got home. "Uh Rachel." Lilly said sheepishly. "Yeah?" Rachel asked back. " I know what I said at the restaurant, but I wasn't expecting this much traffic, and I kind of... really need to pee." Lilly said embarrassed, hoping Rachel would take the hint. Rachel, being as irritated as she was from traffic, fired back. "I told you to piss before we left! I'm sick of you always doing this. Hold it till we get home like a big girl!" Lilly said nothing.

Her bladder was quite full, and she began fidgeting. She looked out the window to distract her. She focused on anything that would take her mind off her bladder, seeing a cool car, a funny billboard, but nothing took her attention from her current biological needs. "Every fucking time!" Rachel thought to herself. "I hate having to go out of my way to find a toilet every time we drive just because she's too lazy to go before we leave. This is the only way she'll learn." Rachel's frustration with the gridlock took away her focus from how bad Lilly really needed to pee, and made her more hell bent on teaching her girlfriend a lesson.

Traffic continued at the same steady pace. By now they were about forty minutes from home. Lilly's condition had gotten much worse. She was fidgeting frantically and grabbing her crotch occasionally. Lilly knew she couldn't last much longer. "Rachel I REALLY need to pee. Please pull over. My bladder's so full." Lilly asked desperately. "This is why I told you to pee BEFORE we left!" Rachel said sternly. "I'm sick of you not being responsible with you bladder. We're NOT stopping till we get home." Lilly didn't know how much more of this she could take. "Please Rachel. I didn't expect the roads to be this bad. I gotta PEEEEEE!" Lilly begged.

"You're not a kid Lilly!" Rachel fired back "It's always the same story. You always skip your pee before we leave, assuring me you can hold it, then ask to pull over right after. Let this be a lesson for you babe, don't put off your pees if you can't hold it like an adult. Sometimes you won't get a chance to pee as soon as you think you will." Lilly said nothing. She knew Rachel was right about her always skipping pees before car trips, but Rachel would always cave in and pull over. Lilly realized that Rachel was serious this time. "She has to learn." Rachel thought to herself. "She has to toughen that tiny bladder of hers too." They continued driving in silence, Lilly growing more desperate by the minute, losing any hope in Rachel empathizing with mother nature's call.

The girls were now about ten minutes from their apartment. Traffic had sped up to to a normal speed. Lilly was absolutely bursting by now. She had her legs crossed, fidgeting frantically and had both hands firmly pressed against her crotch. Lilly's bladder was full and rock hard, swollen with pee. Beads of sweat were running all over her body, and tears were in her eyes. As Lilly grabbed her crotch, she fingered herself through her clothes occasionally, to help her cope with her bladder. This was a tactic she reserved for only the most desperate of pee holding predicaments. She hadn't spoken to Rachel for a while. Lilly knew this was her absolute Limit. As pointless as it seemed to her, she decided to plead to Rachel for the relief she desperately required.

"PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE pull over!" Lilly begged. "I'm about to wet myself! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE babe I have to go so unbelievably friggin bad!"

"If you piss in my car you're paying for the cleaning!" Rachel replied sternly. "Remember this next time you decide to skip a pee break out of laziness. We're NOT stopping!" Lilly knew it was hopeless. She shook frantically with her eyes closed knowing she was only delaying the inevitable. She grabbed firmly against her crotch, tears streaming down her face, doing whatever she could to relieve her overly full bladder. She couldn't think straight, all her surroundings seemed to disappear, as it seemed that all that existed for poor Lilly, was her poor, overcapacity, bursting bladder. Every muscle in Lilly's body, and every braincell in her head was devoted to preventing any of that warm pee from escaping her swollen, throbbing, rock hard bladder.

Lilly suddenly felt something. She wasn't sure what it was. The car had stopped! "We're here." Rachel said. Lilly had done the impossible; made it home dry! Now she had to make it inside. Lilly got out of the car, hardly able to walk, and both hands pressed firmly against her crotch. She waddled to her apartment building and entered. Rachel, her mood now calmer after being free from traffic, saw her girlfriend's desperate predicament, and felt a sensation of great guilt come over her for making Lilly this desperate. Lilly had made it in to the apartment building dry, but now had to climb the two flights of stairs to her floor. She carefully waddled up the steps, knowing if her legs moved to much it would cause too much strain on her bladder, and might cause her to leak. "Hold it! Hold it!" Lilly kept muttering under her breathe.

She climbed one step at a time, making sure to take small steps to avoid any strain on her water balloon of a bladder. Each baby step felt like climbing a mountain to her. "Hold it! Hold it!" Lilly kept saying as she finally made it to her door. She removed one of the hands from her crotch to reach into her dress pocket and grab her keys. She turned her key in the lock and opened the door. Just then, Lilly felt a small spurt of pee escape! Lilly left the key in the door, left the door wide open, and frantically ran to the bathroom. 

Rachel, right behind Lilly, saw the desperate state she had put her girlfriend in, as she took Lilly's key from the keyhole, and locked the door after she entered. Every couple of steps Lilly took, an ever so tiny spurt of pee came out. Lilly finally made it to the bathroom, and in her frantic state didn't close the door. She went straight to the toilet, as minuscule pee spurts escaped her bladder. She pulled down her mildly damp, white panties, lifted her dress a bit, and finally sat down on the toilet. Lilly had made it!

The moment Lilly sat on the toilet, she began peeing. "AAAAAHHHH!" Lilly cried out joyfully. "THIS FEELS AMAZING!" Lilly exclaimed as all that pee that she'd been fighting back, seemingly hopelessly, just came pouring out of her. The pee exited Lilly like a pressure washer, with a seemingly endless supply. Lilly slowly felt her previously bursting bladder become emptier and emptier, as the pee she'd been holding back with every fiber of her being slowly made it's exit. The pee hissed loudly as it hit the water in the toilet bowl. Lilly peed for two whole minutes straight before the last few drops hit the toilet bowl. Lilly was in a state of bliss after having the most enjoyable pee of her life. Immediately when she finished peeing, Lilly checked her panties and saw a small wet patch. Her panties had been able to contain the droplets of pee that spurted out. Lilly washed her hands and left the bathroom.

As soon as Lilly exited the bathroom, she saw a very ashamed and apologetic Rachel. Rachel wasn't able to look Lilly in the eye, and kept her head down. "Lilly.... I...." Rachel didn't know what to say. "I'm an ultra super deluxe bitch, and a mega cunt!" Rachel exclaimed. "I'm really, really sorry I made you hold it when you had to go this bad. I was really pissed with all the traffic, and didn't really focus on you... And I wanted to teach you why you should pee before we go for a drive, but that's no excuse. I'm sorry I gave you shit for asking me to pull over to pee when we drive. You poor thing. I know we're both into omorashi, and like holding our pee, and making each other hold it, but I really, really crossed the line right now.

Anytime you need to pee in the car, I'll pull over for you right away... I'm really fucking sorry babe." Rachel looked up. She hadn't been able to look Lilly in the eyes while she explained herself. Lilly had a look of pure euphoria on her face, as she then hugged Rachel. "OH my gosh Rachel, thank you, thank you, thank you!" Lilly said enthusiastically. "If you hadn't made me hold my pee like that, I would've never gotten to feel the joy of such a wonderfully full bladder, and such a wonderful pee. That feeling of release was friggin AMAZING! No offence babe, but sex with you is now the second best feeling I've ever felt!" 

Rachel was slightly confused, but happy to hear this. "I think your lesson backfired on me babe." Lilly said with a chuckle. "If skipping pee breaks leads to this beautiful, orgasmic feeling, I'm never gonna pee before we go in the car again!" Rachel smiled. "I'm glad it felt good for you Lilly." Rachel didn't know what to say next. Then she had a very sensual idea. "You know Lilly, I had a lot of soda to drink too... And I'm starting to feel it pretty bad now..." Rachel said, as she fidgeted ever so slightly. "How would you like to be in control of my bladder now, and make me feel the same bliss I made you feel?" Rachel said innocently. "Well, let's get to it!" Lilly replied cheerfully.

&&

&&

&&

