The One Day Challenge

Author: SillyLilPerson

*000*2025-07-04 04:26

NOTE: First of all- I don't know if this is actually how you make stories on the app so don't get mad if I'm doing something wrong, I'm new here. Second of all, EVERYTHING in this story is just from my imagination and it's not a personal story or something. You could try to copy the story in real life but I wouldn't recomend it- anyway, enjoy! ^^ (Also since I barely mention the "narrator/main charater's" name, it's Bella- I know, it's a simple name but...uhh.. Just consider it as a "placeholder name"!)

I got back from school, relieved it would be the weekend tommorow. I was tired and exhausted so the second I got home I fell onto my bed and played games, watched videos- etc. I then found a story about someone who held their pee for a day- but to be able to do it, they would take partical pees. (Like peeing only a bit then holding the rest!) I was bored so I wanted to do something similar.. I decided to do it the next day since it was already almost the end of the day. Just as I sat up though, I felt my bladder tingle a bit.. 

I realized that I already needed to pee. I tried to think of the last time I went pee that day and remembered I went pee at lunch in school- about 2-3 or 4 hours ago. I thought about using the bathroom but my mom called me down for dinner. During dinner, while we were eating I thought to myself, "I'll pee after dinner!" but I ended up delaying it- way too much. I ended up laying in bed, in my pajamas, half asleep when I felt my bladder spasm. I decided to put it off till the next day...

I woke up and obviously needed to pee, badly. I was surprised I didn't pee myself overnight! I did have my legs pressed against each other after getting out of bed. I was desprate but delayed the morning pee till I finished breakfast. I squirmed and trembled the whole way to the bathroom and by the time I got there, I couldn't help but hold my crotch while squirming. I tried to gain control again before doing a patrical pee. I knew that if I lost control, I wouldn't be able to stop mid-pee. 

After I gained control, I desprately pulled my pajama pants and panties down and sat on the toilet. Surprisingly, I managed to still prevent myself from peeing- or even leaking until I chose to let go. I started peeing a lot in the toilet but my sweet relief ended quick as I had to stop mid-pee. I didn't know how much was left though but I could still feel the bad urge, which made me assume I didn't empty it enough... I got a idea though! I held my crotch with all my might as I made it to the kitchen. My mom was getting a drink so I quickly acted normal. "Good morning, sweetie!" My mom said with a smile. I tried acting normal but my legs wouldn't stop trembling and I couldn't stop fidgeting with my fingers. "M-Morning.." I mumbled, accidently stuttering. 

My mom seemed confused but didn't ask at all and just went back upstairs. As soon as she left I couldn't help but squirm a bit, hoping it would make me feel better. I then grabbed one of those containers with lines for measurement and I made my way back to the bathroom. To avoid making a mess, I squatted down in the shower and quickly put the container under me. I instantly peed hard into the cup but as it reached dangerously close to the fill line, I forced myself to make the stream smaller and smaller- making it pain for myself as it only caused the process to be slower and barely get out enough pee. I evencutally stopped myself early, just below the fill line.

I quickly pressed my legs together, hoping to cut off the small dribble coming out but all the sudden... I spurt- and it was a "bigger then average" spurt. Since I was above the cup, it spurted into the cup and a bit on the shower floor. I grew more desprate, knowing my bladder was begging to be emptied but I refused. i quickly stood up and held my crotch like my life depended on it. I couldn't stop my bladder from throbbing though- and I was leaking slightly. "I-I'm just overreacting..." I whispered tp myself as another spurt (but this time smaller) came out. I couldn't help but whimper as I started squirming...

I'm really tired because I wrote this at like 1AM so I'll continue tommorow or something! :3

*001*2025-07-04 16:00

K part 2! (I guess lol?)

I heard a knock on the door which made me spurt again. I quickly held my crotch and asked, "Who's..there?..." In a quiet voice. It was my mom. "Bella, are you sick or something?" She asked, seeming concerned for me. I started squirming a bit, "N-No.." I said, accidently stuttering- my mom seemed worried now. "May I come in?.." She asked. I told her no but she walked in anyway. (The bathroom was one of those bathrooms with no locks, k?) My face flushed with embarssment as she walked in on me squirming and stuff. "I-I can.. explain..." I mumbled, my mom walked over to me and put her hand on my shoulder. "You don't need to explain." She said calmly. I was.. confused? "Wake up.." I was so confused but then I understood...

It was a dream. I was still in bed but it was half wet, I still had most of my pee in my bladder. I sat up and squirmed a bit but gave up and let go. I started peeing in bed and after I finished I got up and left to take a show. After the shower, I cleaned up my bed and went on with my day. I didn't try to hold it overnight ever again.

The end! ^^

NOTE: I know, I know. You are probablly mad with this ending but I'm just exhausted and too lazy to continue it. 💔 Get mad, I don't care- plus you could remake this story and add your own ending!! ^^ (Keep in mind though that Bella/the main charater is 15 so don't remake this story into some porn or sex thing..) Tysm if you do like this story! :3

*005*2025-07-29 20:42

{{On 7/5/2025 at 11:32 AM, foxieee said:

This one is interesting!! i wanna see where it goes!

}}

Tysm :3

*006*2025-07-29 20:51

Hi guys! So I might quit because of a few reasons.

1. I'm busy with tons of other things irl and on roblox and stuff

2. I got VERY traumatized after finding some story that was just..disgusting- like SO bad that even a grown man would scream at the sight of it. (Let's hope that story gets banned lol-)

3. I'm working on a mini fandom that- HOEPFULLY will get more popular then the last one i made ^^ also, NO it has nothing to do with omorashi, its just a fandom abt fruits and other kinds of foods that are human and have jobs and stuff 😛￼

So ya, sorry if you were maybe expecting more to the story or more stories in general- like i said tho, u CAN remake it but bc the main charater is 15,no porn or anything please. Also id love to see the remakes so lemmi know! :3

