Pop Life

Author: Saberhagen's B

*000*2018-04-08 01:24

Prenote: what started off as a simple recording studio desperation story quickly evolved into a series involving love, the music industry, and of course, omorashi. Not as much desperation in the first chapter and I can’t exactly promise a lot in the upcoming parts. I hope you enjoy it, nonetheless.

###

Album: Pop Life

Track One

Vivien sighed rather loudly as she slumped over in her seat. The many rows of buttons and slides on the mixing board gleamed eagerly before her, as if enticing her to push and maneuver them. Her fingers longed to reply, though not as much as her bladder longed to be emptied. It was absolutely aching, bulging over her personally made black leather pants, letting it’s need be known.

If she had been anywhere else, she would have made a mad dash to the restroom. She would have sat her ass down on the inviting white porcelain and would have broken through those damn floodgates. Alas, she was not home or anywhere remotely resembling physical freedom. No, she was in His recording studio. The very same studio she had been residing in for the past twenty hours with countless bottles of water brought to her. Not that she knew it had been twenty hours, of course. He didn’t like clocks or any concept of time for that matter.

A shiver crawled down her spine at the thought of her fluid intake. He always kept her hydrated as he did himself.

A gurgling noise from above the hard lump that had formed distracted her. Vivien had gotten up and eaten as much as the number of bathroom breaks she had taken: zero. She had managed to eat a small meal right before arriving at the strange complex, last peeing an hour before she ate.

But she was an artist, and Vivien had grown accustomed to the long days and nights without food, sleep, or a bathroom. In fact, Vivien knew she could wait another good twenty-four hours before shovelling food down her throat or succumbing to sleep, and albeit it couldn’t wait that long, under usual circumstances her bladder could be tamed. However, Vivien hadn’t planned on staying for so long. She had only come down there to write some songs in peace. What was going to be an hour or two morphed into an all out solo jam session, with idea upon idea stacking on top of one another in her brain.

Her bladder shifted once more with the addition of the water she had polished off a half hour earlier. “Ooo,” she moaned quietly, jiggling her legs.

Vivien had written three songs in the studio and had developed a basic melody for two. The third one received better treatment, with a complete bassline and piano melody. She had recorded both instruments and fortunately for her, all she needed to do now was record her vocals so she could submit the demo.

Unfortunately for her, all she needed to do now was record her vocals - a task that felt impossible when all you could do was fidget and squirm. Still though, as desperate as she was, she was still incredibly persistent. And so, she stood up on shaky legs, positioned the microphone above her, and slipping the headphones over her ears. Bending her knees ever so slightly so not to jarr her bladder, she tapped the sangria colored button. A corresponding bright red light flashed from the ceiling and the recording began.

Vivien glanced over her lyrics as the track played, anxiously awaiting for her queue. The bass guitar kicked in, and she counted down from five in her head.

5, 4, 3, 2-

The way she’s looking at you, it’s brilliant

But still your mind’s just as resilient

Trained in the ways of being such an oblivious boy

God, it hurts, you’re so coy

Vivien felt herself falling victim to the intoxicating process that was creating music. She was thankful for the distraction, especially from this song. She had penned the lyrics after discovering a picture of Him and a particular percussionist. The mere image of the percussionist, what with her loving eyes simply anticipating Him to turn and tell her that He loved her at any moment had given Vivien a refreshing view. Vivien closed her eyes and allowed herself to spiral into the beat.

You think you’re the stuff, in your daddy’s ‘67 Thunderbird

Never fully understanding that she makes up 50% of your worth

But the fact that she doesn’t mind just makes it even better

That even though you don’t truly realize it, you’re your best when you’re together

I think that’s what love means, yeah

Recording her voice always gave her the feeling that she could do anything. The moment she was finished, she would be out of breath and tired, but until then, she was the most powerful woman in the world. The chorus had arrived.

Love is a dream

Never fully comprehending what goes on in your sleep

But you know you like it, yeah, who wants to be awake?

I’d sleep forever if that’s what it takes

To get your attention, sometimes I wish you’d wake up

‘Cause sleeping around is so hard to show you my love

I just leaked!

The horror of realization struck Vivien as she felt a drop, then another, and then a third dampen her panties. She slammed her thighs together, shimmying slightly. Her lack of concentration being addressed to her pressing need had caused her body to become careless and revolt. She opened her eyes so she could focus better and there He was. Amir.

He stood behind the glass window, piercing her soul with his gaze. He bore his signature frown which could hide all and an intimidatingly perfect mullet that reached his shoulders.

What the hell is he doing here?! More drops spilled out.

Vivien looked away instantaneously, for sure turning crimson. This was most definitely not good. She was being watched by her idol and mentor while simultaneously needing to pee. To say the least, Vivien was screwed. Any sense of stubbornness had completely melted away, and all she could do now was get to the end of the song and not piss herself.

Her task was easier said than done, of course. Vivien could only manage to control one at a time: stabilizing her voice or stabilizing her movements. Meaning, it was either a trembling voice or a trembling body. Knowing Amir’s requirement for musical perfection, she chose the latter. In doing so, even more spilled out.

Her bladder was truly going bezerk. She had to pee,and if she didn’t go soon, she was going to lose complete control and create an even bigger mess. She was shaking, and was certain her movements were quite obvious to Amir. She had humiliated herself beyond the point of damage control and her only saving grace would be her performance, which was thankfully nearing the end. She tempted the wonderful idea of her holding herself, but knew better. That would be an immediate career ender.

Yeah, it’s so hard

So hard

Sleeping around is so hard to show you my love

She had done it, she had finished recording! All that was left to do was remain in place until the instrumental faded, and then she could go pee. Finally, she sighed inwardly. The instrumental disappeared into oblivion and she went to claw the headphones off when a new voice entered her head. “What else do you need to record?”

A chill raked down her tense backbone at his voice being so close to her ear. She glanced up. Amir was holding down the intercom button, the same mute look on his face remaining. Vivien forced the whimper that so badly wanted to escape back into her throat. A three second jet of piss forced its way out with Vivien just barely stemming the flow in time. “Oh, uh, nothing really. This is the only demo I was going to submit tonight, but I’d be glad to record more.” She tried to sound as calm as she usually was. If there was something off about her, he hadn’t taken notice. Yet, that is.

“That won’t be necessary,” Amir stated. “I have a track I’m currently working on and I’d like you to sing backup.”

“I-I would lo- ahh!” Vivien was literally peeing herself. Crystal clear liquid cascaded down her legs and ran down the floor, thudding heavily against the white carpet. “I’m sorry, I have to go!” She flung the headphones off and ran out, clasping herself as she sprinted.

Vivien ran into the beige hallway, passing several doors as she went. Once she had reached the top of the stairs, she flung herself down the winding, pearl colored staircase, still pissing all the while. The bathroom was in sight. Yes, ohmygod, yes!

While one hand was still clutching herself for dear life, the other twisted the knob and threw the door back. There was a chance she had torn it off it’s hinges, but she could care absolutely less. Not even bothering to mess with her belt and form-fit pants, she yanked the lid up and sat down.

Piss began gushing out of her, torrenting through her urethra like a tsunami. “Oh my God,” she murmured, resting her head back. So much pee, it was like an ocean had resided within her. It was all just moving out of her at such a fast, hard rate, the only word she come up with to describe the immense euphoria was orgasmic. It felt like her stream was ripping a hole through the leather and fabric of her panties.

She continued on for an eternity of three minutes, before her flow taped off to a light sprinkle. Another thirty seconds passed and then she was empty for the first time in twenty-two hours. Her stomach had become smooth yet again.

Vivien remained where she was for several more minutes, simply breathing hard and fully assessing her situation. When she finally did stand up, her legs were weak, and she had to cling to the edge of the sink. She wiped her clothing off to the best of her ability, though they were still very much so wet. Mortification collapsed onto her while she washed her hands.

Oh, God. I just pissed myself in front of Amir. Um, okay. Despite her ever increasing wish to fall to the floor and die, she knew exactly what she had to do. I have to go back upstairs.

Her legs strongly carried her out the door -a door that still swung on it’s hinges, thank you very much- and up the steps, no longer preoccupied by her previous need. She sped up once she reached the hallway. Slowing down would only be harmful to her, both career-wise and mentally, considering the suspense was just about to kill her. She entered the other side of the recording studio with her heart doing somersaults, walking into the room where Amir had been. She cringed.

Emptiness.

He had left. Vivien was overcome by a frigid presence in her chest. What she had done was unacceptable, professional, and simply unforgivable. What she had done was ruined four years worth of training and shadowing, all to spare the dignity she had lost the very second she showed weakness to Amir. She didn’t blame him in the slightest for leaving her childish ass behind. If anything, she deserved to be escorted out by the security team.

Her mind had begun to babble on as to why she was the worst human being to ever be born when a light pink square stuck on the window caught her attention. It was a note.

Vivien,

No need to submit your demo. Consider it accepted. You may continue on with the next track.

This has to have been my favorite performance from you by far.

A ?

Vivien reread the note until she had the loops and dotted hearts in his ridiculously delicate and precise cursive memorized. A surge of feeling coursed throughout her body.

She didn’t know what it was, but she knew she liked it.

*002*2018-04-09 01:45

{{22 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loves that story it was excellent

}}

Thank you, I appreciate it! The next part should be out sometime this week.

*004*2018-06-12 03:21

Hello! Sorry for not updating in a while. This chapter doesn’t contain any desperation excluding a brief mentioning, but that mention will be much more prominent in the next chapter. Nonetheless, enjoy.

Track Two

Vivien scanned the grand room, skimming. Her hopeful, teenage heart had trained her eyes in the ways of spotting her love, while her bursting bladder had taught her eyes the art of finding a bathroom. At this moment in her life, she was unable to come across either. Both organs yearned and cried for their sense of pleasure.

She was at a major record label owner’s house; who it was and just whose house she was in was a mystery to Vivien. All she knew was that the label owner was rich, lived in an incredibly large labyrinth of a mansion, and the label itself was a good one because her manager had threatened to drop her if she didn’t show. The threat was an exaggeration, of course, given how close Vivien and Gil were, but she didn’t want to risk it.

Her eyes continued searching. Clio’s Faces played on the ungodly hideous orange speakers. She crossed one leg neatly over the other in a mixture of impatience and her rising urge.

The distinct smell of wisteria and freedom sought out her senses and suddenly, there he was. His gorgeous, feathered black hair, like the tide lapping onto the beach; His carefully crafted eyes, dark as midnight with a glimmering splash of emerald green; His constantly talked about fair mahogany skin - it was Amir. Though she was a good few inches taller, it seemed as though she had to lean her whole body back to look at him. He simply had that charm, that power, that charisma.

Her heart beat as normally as it ever did, but her mind soared into lands unknown. She was processing a million and one explosive thoughts at once with every word shoving and crawling past the others in effort to be said first.

“Hi.” The syllable slipped off Vivien’s purple and blue lipstick shaded lips.

Amir smiled, shyly glancing away, before murmuring his own greeting. “Hi.”

Vivien mentally staggered. How can he exude such confidence and yet be so… timid? Her mind implored.

She was jolted by her bladder - a need she had forgotten amidst using all her strength on being in his presence.

Vivien was dissuaded by the sudden end of the memory. That had been four years ago, when she was nineteen. She was twenty-three now, with Amir currently thirty-two. She squeezed her eyes shut in agony as a fresh wave of a migraine infiltrated her skull. When she wasn’t focusing on anything else, her mind defaulted to the events that had occurred yesterday: she had done a rather poor job on the demo for her song, Dreaming of Love.

She’d also had a full blown accident not only in Amir’s magnificent recording studio, but before his very own, horrified eyes. Not that she saw his reaction, of course, but it was to be assumed that watching a grown adult piss her pants wouldn’t be the most aesthetically pleasing. Besides that, she could confirm his reaction, considering he had yet to call or say anything really. At least, regarding the situation, that is - he had mentioned her upcoming debut studio album when placed on the spot by the paparazzi. That meant nothing, though. What they had between them was simply a business deal, and with her falling under the umbrella that was his album distribution label, he was definitely going to promote her.

Not that she wouldn’t want their relationship to be more, heaven forbid. Nearly every woman -and man- in the world would do all in their power to get with him. He was talented, mysterious, and ridiculously attractive. Those three notable virtues kept a plethora of women swarming around him. One would leave just as soon as another entered, something women who were interested knew.

Vivien had been thirteen when she first hung up the poster of a then twenty-two Amir; her eyes tracing his magnificent physique as she refused to gaze at Narcissa, one of his many protege’s. She had harbored a crush, and one that persisted despite the constant flock of ladies around him. In fact, her adoration for music had stemmed from him. She had been certain she was going to become a surgeon until her father bought her the cassette tape for his fourth album. Everything changed after that, including her interests, thoughts, and her view on men.

That had merely been a crush. Now, she wasn’t all too sure how she felt. She appreciated and valued the relationship they had now. Since their meeting, Amir had treated Vivien as an equal. They talked business; discussing music until the early hours of the morning. He had never attempted to seduce her, nonetheless touch her in any sort of way more than a hug, but that didn’t stop him from flirting mercilessly. It was something he did with everyone, no matter how professional their interactions were.

And yet, there was a gnawing, creeping feeling within her. She craved something more and at the same time, she didn’t. Well, that and her bladder was gnawing to be emptied again. Her muscles had grown tired after that mammoth hold, as a result, nagged more often than usual. Totally unrelated, though - In a romantic sense, at least.

Vivien wasn’t an idiot. All that medical “training” (as in reading as many medical books as she could find) prior to being introduced to Amir’s music had served her well. Long before she even knew just what the hell it was, an eleven year old Vivien understood that pressure in the bladder could ensue pressure being applied to the G-spot. At that age, it wasn’t necessarily a sexual impulse but a curious one that caused her to guzzle all the New Coke in the house and await the effects before the TV.

It didn’t take long before the tingling sensation began. The tingling started to truly sting, and just as she was prepared to bolt to the bathroom, the burning blossomed into a whole new concept: lust. A concept she had felt when she was recording yesterday and a concept she was feeling right now.

“Christ,” she sighed, rolling her eyes and throwing back the silver comforter. Vivien raised herself upright, twisting her lower half until her feet met the linoleum. She stretched her arms outward like a cat, arching her back, and stood up. She slunk over to the adjoining bathroom and as if on autopilot, began to run the water in her clawfoot bath tub.

A pang echoed from her bladder. Stripping, she ignored it and lowered herself in.

★★★

Contemplating his next move, Amir glanced down at the telephone that lie in front of him so tantalizing, and yet so accusing. It urged him to call her and it mocked him for wanting to call her at the same time.

Amir had listened to Vivien’s demo too many times to suggest. He didn’t hold what she’d done earlier against her, in fact, he truly didn’t mind. It was a simple body function that had gotten out of hand. A good part of him felt bad for what had happened, and a good part of him simply wanted to talk to her. In his eyes, her performance had been perfect, but he was also possibly biased. His ability to judge an artist’s talent compared to judging other criteria had yet to falter, but something was very different when it came to her.

He knew she was talented. Her demo was great. Despite this, Amir still remained conflicted. The struggle between him and the phone raged on.

Screw it.

He lunged for the phone. Amir dialled Vivien’s number, tapping the buttons with a calm but ever so present urgency. His finger twisted about the coils of the cord. She answered on the fifth ring.

“Hello?”

“Hey.” He paused. “What are you doing right now?”

Vivien hesitated. “Oh, nothing,” she replied nonchalantly. The sound of water being sloshed about pushed through the phone, as well as the slight echo. Amir grinned coyly. Liar.

“Can you be over here in five minutes?”

“Maybe,” she mused on, the water sounds continuing.

“Well, what’s holding you up?” He asked, his playfulness creeping through the receiver.

She played along, firing back, “You keeping me on the phone!”

“Yeah, yeah. So I’ll see you then?”

“Definitely.”

