A Double Desperation Road Trip

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-03-05 05:03

I have to pee.

Dear God do I have to pee. I think I have to pee worse than I’ve ever had to pee before in my life. Worse than I’ve ever had to do anything before in my life. I finally know what people mean when they say they have to go so bad they think they’re gonna explode. I used to think that was a silly thing to say, and over-dramatic, but I get it now. If someone poked me with a sharp pin or something, I’ll probably explode everywhere like an overfilled water balloon.

But, I have no choice but to keep holding it. Keep waiting this out. For how long? I have no idea. Chase isn’t going to stop the car for a while. He and the rest of my friends just peed fifteen minutes ago. Well, the rest of my friends aside from Kimberly, anyway.

We’ve been driving all day through country roads, very few rest stops. Whenever Chase, Jason or Alex need a pee break, we’ll pull over on the side of the road and they’ll do what they need to do. But, the thing is, I can’t do that. And, believe me, I tried. I have this issue; I can’t pee in public. I need a door with a lock, and quiet surroundings. Otherwise? I can’t relax. And if I can’t relax, I can’t pee. My bladder feels like the faucet of a sink, turned up full blast, but stopped up with an indestructible cork. There’s an unbearable amount of pressure rushing and pounding against my opening, but something inside of me won’t let it come out.

The last two times we stopped, I tried to go. I tried so hard. My teeth have been floating the last three hours, at least. I swear my eyes must be turning yellow. I stood at the side of the road alongside the other guys and just begged whatever higher power might have been listening to grant me this one small mercy. To just let me pee. But, nothing, not even a tiny drop of the massive ocean I was holding back.

“So, did you just come out for fresh air or something?” Chase had asked me when we returned to the car last time.

“What?” I snapped. I didn’t mean to sound as irritated as I did, but hours and hours of steadily increasing agony has a way of getting you a bit testy.

“You didn’t actually— Never mind.”

So, that’s why I’m stuck here in the back of the car, going on twelve hours without a successful pee break, and with no idea of when I might finally be able to empty my bladder. Surely we’ll be turning in for the night soon, I hope? A terrible notion presents itself that Chase will choose instead for us to sleep in the car to save money on a motel. God, I’d have to hold it all night, then! And then, for at least part of tomorrow, too! I can’t— I’ll burst! I’ll— No, calm down. Even if the other guys don’t care about a (relatively) clean bed and a shower, Kimberly will insist we stay somewhere civilized.

Come to think of it, Kimberly hasn’t peed all day, either. It’s probably really hard for her to go on the side of the road— Even harder than it is for me! At least I’ve got the kind of equipment that’s supposed to make that sort of thing easier. Even if my screwed up, anxiety riddled brain won’t let me take advantage of it. Kimberly would have to get all undressed with us right there, and… I guess, squat? I don’t really know how girls pee outside, exactly. I remember when I was little I asked how girls went to the bathroom before toilets were invented, and the answer I got was that they had to squat, but that seems like it would be a tricky position to hold for very long, right?

I chance a glance at Kimberly who’s sharing the backseat with me. I’ve been so caught up in my own need I hadn’t considered someone else might be suffering the same torment. Her leg is bouncing, and her eyes are glued to the view out the window. I follow her gaze. I suspect she’s hoping for a sign for a rest stop with a toilet. I’ve been hoping for such a sign for about four hours now. “Kim, are you alright?” I ask her.

Kimberly jolts, her bouncing leg stills for a moment, but only a moment, before hooking itself around her other leg. She definitely has to go. “I’m fine, Logan,” she said tersely. I don’t get upset by her tone. Like I said, a painfully full bladder can really put you in a bad mood. And, Kimberly’s been holding out at least as long as I have, so I’m sure she’s ready to burst too.

Half an hour passes with no signs that offered relief for either one of us. Even if we did see a sign for a gas station, there wasn’t even a guarantee Chase would stop at it. Or that it would have any toilets we could use. We’d stopped for gas at mid-day, actually, and there was no available bathroom there. I couldn’t believe one of the few gas stations for tons of miles would have their bathroom be ‘employee’s only’, it was like they didn’t have any empathy for travelers.

Ugh, I have to stop thinking about places with toilets. That’s only making it worse. I’m not in a place with a toilet. I’m stuck somewhere without one. So, no peeing. No thinking about peeing. Just pretend you don’t have to pee. Okay. Don’t have to pee. Don’t have to pee. Don’t have to—

“Chase, I gotta pee,” Alex says.

Chase is pulled off on the side of the road a few minutes later. He, Alex and Jason all climb out to go. It was torturous to see them all get their relief so easily. Kimberly stared out the window at them. I saw a harsh grimace cross her face, and could tell that this wasn’t something she wanted to see, either.

“Aren’t you going, too?” She asks me.

“Huh?”

“Look at yourself,” she says. “I’ve never see anybody so tense, and you’ve been tapping your foot so much it’s practically shaking the whole car.”

“I…Um…” I stumble over my words. This was such an embarrassing thing to admit to. One of the worst parts about having a shy bladder is when people notice you’re bursting to go and start to wonder why you aren’t just doing it. Kimberly can tell I’m as full as full can get, there’s no point trying to deny it like a child. “I… Can’t,” I say.

“What do you mean you can’t?” Kimberly asks. “Go outside and pee. You’re a guy, you can do that,” there’s a hint of bitterness in her voice.

“I just… I can’t,” I repeat. “I get nervous, I guess, and then I just… can’t. It’s like stage fright or something, I don’t know.”

“So, you’re like, shy?” Kimberly gathers. “You scared someone’s gonna look at your dick, or something?”

“No, that’s not it,” I say, embarrassed. “It’s just, you know, makes me feel vulnerable.”

“Vulnerable?” she repeats. “Why vulnerable? You barely have to take anything off.”

“Look, if I could control this, I would. I’ve been dying to pee for hours, and you talking about it’s making it worse!” Oh God, my bladder is screaming at me to just go out there and give it one more try. But, I know another attempt will only serve to make me feel worse, if anything.

Kimberly shrugs, uncrossing her legs to cross them back around the other way. “Well, at least one of you isn’t going to rub it in my face just how much easier it is to pee as a guy.”

I sigh. It hasn’t been ‘easy’ for me to pee at any point in my life. I’ve always had this stupid anxiety that makes me tense up when I most need to relax. All those nerves and muscles that had been pleading to be eased for hours would suddenly become as taut as overstretched rubber bands the instant I tried to tell them it was time to let go. Just, normally, I’m able to get to a private place before I’m too desperate. Right now, though? I can’t remember ever needing to go as bad as I do right now.

Soon, we’re back on the road again. The very bumpy road. Each bump makes me feel like my bladder is being stabbed. I’m dancing in my seat, shifting my hips, hooking one ankle around the other. My hands are balled into fists, gripping my knees as I fight not to put them between my legs for a well needed squeeze.

Kimberly doesn’t look like she’s doing much better. She’s bouncing in place, and has brought her legs up underneath herself, hunched over as she stares out the window at the barren landscape that offers no chances for relief. I see her eyes widen for a moment, before she turned harshly to the side not facing me. I think maybe she’s holding herself, and I feel bad. I can’t imagine how much strain she must be under.

Wait, yes I can. I feel this awful trembling at my urethra, followed by the tiniest spurt of wetness. It’s not much, probably just a few drops. Nowhere near enough to show. Nowhere near enough to make my bladder feel less like it’s going to pop. But, still, enough to terrify me. My hands move of their own volition to grasp hold of my dick, trying to prevent the flood by manual means. I can’t possibly wet myself, right? If my bladder won’t empty when I tell it to, it won’t empty when I’m trying to keep it in, right? Oh, God… I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it! I’m going to pee all over the seat!

The thought is horrifying, and suddenly the most real thing in the world. My hold on myself tightens. Stop thinking like that, I order myself. I can make it. It’s getting dark. We’ll have to find somewhere to stay the night soon. And there will be a toilet there, with a door. All you’ll have to do is shut that door, lock it, unzip and—

Following the direction of my thoughts, my bladder squeezes downwards. This spurt was larger than the last one, I feel slight dampness against the hands I have crammed against my crotch. It takes three full seconds to clamp it off. Three awful, terrifying seconds. I should tell Chase to pull over for me. I’ve leaked twice now, so that means I’ll be able to go, right? My exhausted body will finally win out over my nervous brain, and I’ll pee, privacy be damned.

I hear the sound of a seatbelt being un-clicked and rolling backwards. I turn to see that Kimberly has unfastened hers, and her hands are definitely pressing against herself now. I’ve been so caught up in my own need, I’d forgotten she was struggling with the same thing. If I tell Chase to stop for me, that will delay Kimberly getting to a toilet for several more minutes. And there’s only a tiny chance I’ll be able to go if we stop, anyway. Do I really want to put Kimberly in more danger of wetting herself, when in all likelihood, I’ll end up returning to the car with my bladder as full as ever anyway?

No, I’ll wait. If Kimberly ends up having an accident because I add even a few extra minutes of delay, I’ll never forgive myself. Still, I decide to follow her lead and take off my seatbelt. Ahhhhhhhhh…. I hadn’t even realized how harshly it’s been cutting into my bladder this whole time. Freedom from that pressure felt good… But, the release is vaguely similar to the sensation of actually peeing, and within a few seconds my urge is right back where it was. I frantically try to come up with other ways to lessen the pressure. Only thing I can do is unfasten the button on my pants. This gives my bladder a little extra space, but it’s not enough. I realize that the only thing that will make me feel even the tiniest bit better would be to pee, but that’s out of the question.

I hear another sound now. High pitched, pained. Kimberly’s whimpering, and I feel terrible for her. I wish there was something I can do, but the strain of holding in my own bladder means I can’t even open my mouth to say anything to her. Her hands are digging in even firmer against the front of her skirt. I think there might be a spot of wetness on the seat just below her, and I hope there isn’t anything similar underneath me.

I barely notice it when we get off the main road we’d been on all day until suddenly we’re inside a small town. With buildings, and more importantly, toilets. I think Kimberly and I both exhale at the same time. Chase announces that it’s time to call it a day and pulls into a motel. Chase gets out with Jason and Alex to get us a room.

I hadn’t really thought about this part. I was going to have to stand up and walk. I’ve been in the car so long my legs are asleep, so standing wouldn’t have been easy anyway, let alone when my bladder is threatening to turn the vehicle into a swimming pool. I open my door and turn myself to face it. Gingerly, so, so gingerly I ease myself onto the pavement. Suddenly, it’s like I’m fighting against gravity as that awful feeling of squeezing assaults my bladder once more. I don’t dare move my hands from between my legs. I don’t care if my friends see me holding myself anymore, it’s better than letting them see me have an accident.

I hobble on weak, contorted legs to the other side of the car and open the door for Kimberly. Her eyes settle on the position of my hands for a moment and I feel my face reddening. “C—Come on,” I stammer out. Jeez, talking hurts. Breathing hurts. Everything hurts. I’m going to burst if I don’t get all this liquid out of me right now!

Kimberly does the same, careful exit from the car that I had moments earlier. She sticks close to my back, trying to hide herself, particularly the fact that a hand was pressing between her legs. Then, we just stood there. Chase and them were getting the room, so we could focus entirely on not turning the parking lot into a lake. I danced from foot to foot, my hands crushed between my thighs. I must have looked a sight.

I looked over my shoulder at Kimberly, figuring she was more or less my mirror image by now. She clutched at herself, almost doubled over, legs winding around each other. I saw a small stream of something rolling down one of her legs, and hoped for her sake it was only sweat.

Just as I start to feel a third spurt dribble from my tip, the others come back with some room keys. Naturally, the room Kimberly, Chase and I will be taking has to be up the stairs. Each step makes a couple more drops slide into my boxers, and makes Kimberly puff out sharp breaths. At last, we’re at the door. I shut my eyes against a harsh jolt of pure desperation as Chase unlocks it, and bolt inside like I’m running from a werewolf the instant it swings open.

Kimberly and I get there at the same time, and I realize there is a problem. I hadn’t been thinking about which of us would go first once a toilet finally became available. I hadn’t been thinking at all, really. I’d only been thinking of peeing. For a second, I consider trying to force her to let me go first. I’ve already done the chivalrous thing by not asking for a stop when I’d started leaking, I reason. But… Then, I’d know she’s waiting on me to finish, that she wants me to hurry up, that if I don’t go fast enough she’ll have an accident. That would put pressure on me. Pressure was bad. Pressure meant I couldn’t pee.

I know what I have to do. I have to let her go first. Then, I’ll have zero things to worry about, zero things that could make it harder for me to pee. I step away from the door and she shuffles inside. After it’s shut, I hear the lid of the toilet being flipped up, some ruffling of clothes, and not but two seconds later an absolute explosion of liquid. The sound of her high pressure stream blasting the water in the toilet bowl is like a fist to my bladder. I tighten my grip on my dick, my hands feeling like the only things keeping my pants and the carpet below me dry. I hear a small sigh come from the adjacent room, and my traitorous mind forced me to imagine how good Kimberly must be feeling, how absolutely incredible it was for her to let all that go. I can’t even put into words how much I wish I could be feeling that right now.

She pees for quite a while, and I’m sure it seems even longer to me having to stand out here, listening while I continue to hold it and hold it and hold it. Finally, the firehose dies down to a trickle and I hear some more rustling, some toilet paper tearing, and at last the toilet flushing. Next I suffer through the sound of the sink as she washes her hands off. It’s not as bad as having to listen to someone pee, but it’s not good either. Then, finally, the door opens. Kimberly looks bashful, “Thank y—“

“Later,” I tell her in a choked voice. She’s blocking the way in! “I need—“

“Oh, right,” Kimberly says, stepping aside. I slam the door shut behind me and shakily draw the lock into place with one hand as my other one yanks my zipper down. I basically pin my opening shut with my hand as I stumble the last few steps to the first toilet I’ve seen in at least thirteen hours. I don’t have time to lift the seat, and I’m peeing before I’ve had a chance to properly aim, so a bit of liquid hits it. I’ll clean it up when I’m done, but I don’t have it in me to feel bad about the little mess I’ve made.

I can’t feel bad about anything when I feel this good. I’m finally peeing like I’ve been dying to since noon. Ahhhhhhhh….. I can’t resist sighing out loud at the sensation of hours of suffering and torment coming at last to a heavenly end. God… How can it feel so good just to pee? When I’m at last, blessedly, drained I zip myself up, get some toilet paper to mop up the spill I had on the seat, and flush. Once my hands have been cleaned and I’ve determined my pants aren’t in terrible condition, I return to the main room.

“So, you guys had to pee really bad?” Chase asks.

“No shit,” Kimberly says. “We didn’t go all day.”

“Why not?” Chase sounds confused. “I stopped lots of times.”

“It’s not so simple for a girl to just pee on the side of the road, you know?” Kimberly says. “Or did you miss the part in health class where they told you the difference between males and females?” Now that she’s not bursting, Kimberly’s back to her sarcastic self, and that makes me feel better.

“Well… I guess,” Chase says. “But, Logan’s not a girl.”

I feel my face heat. Chase is my friend, I remind myself. He might not get it, but he won’t intentionally try to make me feel bad about it. “I… I have this problem,” I say. “It’s, like stage fright, I guess. When I feel too nervous, or exposed, I—“

“Can’t pee?” Chase asks.

I nod.

“Oh, yeah. I had that happen once,” Chase says. “But, you get it all the time?”

“Pretty much.”

“Well, tomorrow I’ll try to find more places we can stop at so you guys can go,” Chase says. “I don’t want any accidents in my car.”

“I wouldn’t do that!” I say, horrified at the idea.

“Disgusting,” Kimberly says. “But, thanks.”

“Yeah, thank you,” I say. “And thanks for not making fun of me.”

*002*2021-03-05 07:28

{{15 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Good story, but can you please make it so i don't have to highlight the text to read it?

}}

New here, sorry. I assume you are on dark mode. How do I fix it so it will show on light and dark mode correctly?

*004*2021-03-05 07:35

{{3 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Did you copy and paste the text from somewhere else?

}}

Yeah.

