Tied Up

Author: Shy Ghost

*000*2017-03-01 01:24

*Note: I originally posted an almost identical story on another site, but it was deleted so I was forced to rewrite it to the best of my ability. Enjoy!*

The first thing Kara saw when she opened her eyes was a white ceiling stamped with rows of rectangular fluorescent lights that buzzed slightly. The girl's head felt very heavy; her memories were like shadows--visible, but impossible to grasp. How did she get here? Where was "here", anyway? The sharp smell of antiseptic stung her nose and caused her eyes to water. She moved to wipe away the tears, but her wrist was tied down. She felt a stab of fear as she realized both wrists--and both ankles, for that matter--were strapped to what appeared to be a hospital bed. That's when Kara became more aware of her surroundings, recognizing nearby medical equipment, including two bags of IV fluids hanging from a steel pole at her side. The tubing ran from the bags into the crooks of both of her elbows, allowing for rapid hydration. What was this!? Kara turned her head this way and that, looking for somebody who could free her. But she was horribly, horribly alone.

As the minutes crawled by, Kara felt a slight twinge between her legs as her bladder began to fill. She looked back at the IV bags, which were half empty at this point. Of course, Kara thought bitterly, of course I have to go to the bathroom. She decided to call out for help. Two sets of footsteps rapidly approached, and a stone-faced nurse and a concerned man in a white coat appeared. "Good! You're awake!" the man exclaimed. "I'm Dr. Zhou. How are you feeling?"

Angry. Confused. Scared. "Where am I?" Kara answered, ignoring his question. "Why am I tied down?"

"You're in the hospital," said Dr. Zhou matter-of-factly. "You're in restraints because you demonstrated very aggressive behavior upon admission. We determined that you're a danger to yourself and others. It's just for everyone's safety."

"And the IVs?"

He tapped one of the bags. "You were dehydrated. Had you not been drinking enough water?"

The mention of water caused the pain between Kara's legs to intensify. "I have to go to the bathroom," she said with lowered eyes. She didn't know why, but she always found it embarrassing to talk about bodily functions. And asking for permission was humiliating. But she needed to go.

The nurse raised her eyebrows at Dr. Zhou, who sighed and put his hands in his pockets. "I'm not comfortable releasing you just yet," he said. "At least not until your fluids have run their course. We wouldn't want you to rip out the catheters." He traced one of the tubes with his finger. "That would be very painful," he whispered.

"Please," Kara said, her bottom lip trembling. The need to urinate was growing tremendously, and at a rapid pace. The girl didn't know how much longer she could hold it. "I-I really have to go."

Dr. Zhou shook his head. "I'm sorry, Kara, but you look like you're becoming agitated again. Lots of patients try to use a bathroom emergency as an excuse to be taken out of restraints, only to become violent once more. You're going to have to wait."

Kara curled her hands into fists, fingernails digging into her palms. "I promise I'll be good. I promise. Please just let me use the bathroom."

The man glanced at his watch. "I'll check back on you in an hour. Then we'll talk about the possibility of taking you to the restroom, all right?"

An hour? She'd be lucky to last ten minutes. The throbbing between Kara's legs became unbearable. She jammed her bottom against the hard hospital bed, rocking her hips back and forth as she gnawed her bottom lip, grimacing in pain. "You're a doctor," she sobbed through gritted teeth, "so you should know that you could hurt me by making me hold it!"

Dr. Zhou scoffed. "Believe me, Kara, you will lose control of your bladder before any damage is done to your body."

Talking about it was a huge mistake. Kara cried out, yanking against her wrist straps as she tried to reach down to grab herself. Her ankles bruised against their leather bindings as she made fierce attempts to cross her legs--anything to keep from wetting the bed. She was losing the battle. "LET ME GO!" she screamed, arcing her back, wiggling her knees. "I NEED TO GO SO BADLY!" She looked up at the IV bags through her tears. They were nearly empty, all of the contents now contained into her painfully overstretched bladder, threatening to burst out.

"Kara," Dr. Zhou said sternly, "you're way too agitated. I'm going to have to give you a sedative if you don't calm down."

"How can I calm down when you won't let me go to the bathroom???" the girl sobbed helplessly. "Pleeeease--I'll do anything!" Her whole body trembled. She was clenching her muscles as tightly as she could, but they suddenly spasmed and she gasped. A thin trickle of urine escaped, spurting onto the sheets. "No! NO!" Fighting to regain control, she pounded her fists against the mattress. The buckles on the restraints banged loudly against the bed's railings. She kicked her feet and cried out. Overcome with hopelessness, Kara knew that even if the doctor did untie her, she would surely have an accident if she so much as stood up.

"Okay," Dr. Zhou said, shaking his head. "I need to sedate you. It's cruel of me to let you suffer this way." He reached for the medical cart and pulled out a syringe.

"IT'S CRUEL OF YOU TO KEEP ME FROM USING THE BATHROOM!" Kara shouted. She yelped as another jet of hot urine broke free. It took all of her strength to regain control. She tapped her feet rhythmically, her heart racing. A panicked sweat poured down her face. Her bladder throbbed, round and stretched past capacity, beyond ready for release.

The doctor held the syringe to the light and pushed down the plunger, allowing a trickle of fluid arc from the tip of the needle.

"NO!" Kara howled as her bladder gave one final twitch before finally letting loose. The girl tried in vain to stem the involuntary flow as her bladder forcefully emptied itself. Her waistline steadily deflated as the warm wetness bloomed rapidly between her legs, soaking her gown, the sheets, and the blankets. Dr. Zhou and the nurse looked genuinely surprised as they watched in silence as Kara wet herself for a full minute, urine hissing as it poured eagerly from her body. All Kara could do was allow it to happen as she wept in shame, lying still on the sopping bed. Finally, it was over. Her bladder gave a few weak little spasms as the last of the pee trickled into the bedclothes.

"Oh Kara," said Dr. Zhou, brows knotted in sympathy. "I didn't realize you'd needed to go that badly. So many patients lie about needing the bathroom, but rarely does anyone have an actual accident."

Kara glared at him in hatred, crying hysterically.

"You're still not calm," the doctor observed. "Just try to relax and we'll get you cleaned up." With that, he pushed the syringe into Kara's IV and injected a numbing darkness that plunged her into unconsciousness.

*003*2017-03-06 01:42

*Thank you for your views and comments! :) The story continues below.*

For Kara, coming to for the second time was quite a similar experience to the first. There were the lights, the brightness, the antiseptic odors, and the tight straps pinning her limbs to the bed. But the IVs were gone and bandages had been taped to her arms where the catheters had been removed. As Kara shifted her hips, she realized with a wave of horror that although she was clean and dry, there was a thick padding wedged between her legs. Straining her neck, she looked down to see that she'd been forced into a diaper while asleep.

On the verge of hysteria, she furiously bucked and jerked on the leather straps holding her limbs to the hospital bed. "Aaarrghhh!" she yelled. Suddenly, she fell silent and still as Dr. Zhou appeared in the doorway.

"That's no way to act if you want me to take those restraints off of you," he scolded.

"I wouldn't act like this if you hadn't put me in a fucking diaper!" Kara bit back.

Dr. Zhou studied his patient's distraught expression. "Kara, incontinence is a real medical condition and nothing to be ashamed of. Diapers are just a more absorbent underwear; that's all."

"I'M NOT INCONTINENT! I HAD AN ACCIDENT BECAUSE YOU PUMPED ME FULL OF CRAP AND WOULDN'T LET ME GO TO THE BATHROOM!" the girl screeched.

The doctor was silent for a moment as he pondered this. "Okay, Kara. I'm not going to argue with you--it won't get us anywhere. If you'd like me to release you, you need to be on your best behavior. Deal?"

"Deal," Kara responded grudgingly.

Dr. Zhou beckoned the sour nurse, and they both unbuckled Kara's restraints. She sat up, wincing as her diaper crinkled. She stretched her sore muscles and cracked her back.

"All right, we're going to have you socialize in our ward's common room," said Dr. Zhou. "If you act out in any way, you'll be right back in here, tied to your bed."

"Can I please take this off?" Kara said, pointing to her lap, indicating her diaper.

Dr. Zhou shook his head. "Not quite yet. You have to prove to us that you can control your bladder first. In three hours, a female staff member will check you to see if you're wet. If you manage to stay dry, we'll let you have your regular undergarments back."

"That's ridiculous," Kara snapped. She swung her legs over the side of the bed and shakily stood up. The room swayed for a couple of seconds. The nurse steadied Kara on her arm and helped her walk--well, waddle, on account of the diaper--out the door and down a long white hallway.

The three of them stopped at a doorway to a massive room. The walls were made of white cinderblock and there was a scattering of simple furniture, all constructed of hard, glossy plastic. Waterproof, Kara concluded. There were other patients--a rather miserable-looking group of them gathered under the close eye of several attendants in white.

"Welcome to the common area, Kara," Dr. Zhou said. "Remember: three hours. I have confidence in you."

That makes one of us, Kara thought, anxiety mounting in her chest. She took a few hesitant steps toward an empty chair, and self-consciously wondered if the other people could hear the rustle of her bulky diaper. But they seemed so preoccupied with their own struggles. Some of them jiggled their legs, drumming their fingers on their thighs. One girl blatantly kept a hand clamped on her crotch and rocked back and forth.

Suddenly, there was a high-pitched cry, not unlike a kitten's mew, from the corner of the room. A tiny girl dropped to her knees, and then went limp. Kara watched with a mixture of horror and pity as a dark stain gradually spread across the front of the girl's pants, and urine pooled from beneath her. There was no fight left in the girl. She just stared into the distance and gave into her body's needs, releasing large quantities of pee. Just sitting there, allowing it to happen.

"Damn," said another patient about Kara's age, "she just got out of diapers like yesterday!" She scrambled into the empty seat next to Kara's, and the two of them stared as a pair of attendants hauled the wet, weeping girl to her feet and escorted her from the room.

"I'm Mattie," announced the girl now sitting next to Kara. "Geez, you look like death warmed up, like you got your first Chinese Water Torture."

"My what?" asked Kara, tugging at the hem of her gown.

"Chinese Water Torture. It was invented by that quack, Dr. Zhou. You know--they strap you to a bed, fill you up like a goddamned water balloon and wait for the inevitable."

Kara shuddered at the memory and became more aware of the leftover ache in her weary bladder. "They did that to you, too?"

Mattie cracked her knuckles. "Oh yeah."

Kara wondered if Mattie was also diapered, but was too embarrassed to ask. She quickly glanced down at Mattie's sweatpants and saw a bulge. Mattie caught her looking and sighed. "Yes, I'm wearing a fucking diaper," she confessed. "I'd been dry for a whole 48 hours, but last night I had a dream that I was using the toilet. Woke up in the middle of wetting the bed."

"That's awful," Kara sympathized.

"What's worse is that every time you have an accident, you're back in the torture room, tied up, with those IV fluids. They made it so you can't win. I have a bladder of steel and I still can't find a way to beat the system."

The two fell silent as a bulky attendant approached. He carried two large paper cups, brimming with icewater. "Drink time," he said. "And if you refuse, we'll put a tube down your nose and hydrate you that way. Your choice."

"I just finished two IVs!" Kara protested. "I'm hydrated enough!"

"Doctor's orders," the attendant countered, pushing one of the cups into Kara's face.

"Just chug the motherfucker," Mattie said, taking her cup, tossing her head back, and gulping down the water.

Kara sighed and took the cup.

"Good girl!" said the attendant with a fake smile. "Now you finish this in fifteen minutes. ALL of it." He chuckled and stalked off to sit with his attendant buddy across the room.

Kara took slow, deep sips. The water was so cold she could feel it as it made its journey to her stomach. She drank all of the water over fifteen minutes, and opened her mouth in shock when the attendant had her trade her empty cup for a full one.

"More!??" Kara gasped.

"More?" the staff member mocked. "No games. Drink up."

Kara and Mattie chugged their water, turned in their empty cups, and sat in silence for a while. A familiar feeling stirred just below Kara's stomach. Her heart began to pound harder. "Oh, no. No, no, no, no," Kara whispered.

"What is it?" Mattie asked, alarmed.

Kara avoided eye contact and instead stared at a speck on the floor. "I kinda sorta hafta pee," she admitted, crossing her legs. She shifted a little in her seat, finding a more comfortable position.

"You can fight it," Mattie encouraged.

Just then, Dr. Zhou walked in. He strode over to the two girls. "How are you doing, Kara?" he asked pleasantly. "Making friends, I see?"

"Um, yeah," mumbled Kara.

"Is something wrong?" the doctor asked.

"Well...."

The man leaned forward and lowered his voice. "Do you have to use the bathroom again, Kara?"

The girl nodded in shame. "But what do you expect?" she challenged. "I got all those IV fluids running through me, and that meathead over there made me drink two huge cups of water!" She gestured toward the attendant, who was pouring a cup of water for someone else. "How much longer?"

Dr. Zhou glanced at his watch. "An hour and forty minutes," he replied.

"Oh, okay," Kara answered in a no-big-deal kind of voice. "I can hold it."

"Good! I'm so proud of you!" Dr. Zhou said with a grin, then continued on with his rounds.

Kara turned to Mattie, horrified. "I'm not gonna make it," she whimpered.

"You'll make it," Mattie contradicted.

The minutes--no, the seconds crawled by at a snail's pace. Kara tried not to think of her poor, exhausted bladder slowly filling with icewater, but she swore she could feel every single drop that filled it. She switched legs, now crossing the right over the left, and tightly. Her diaper puffed up in the front, giving her a slight wedgie. The discomfort in her bladder was growing. A few sharp pangs made her catch her breath in her throat. She chewed on her lip and bounced her leg up and down, up and down.

Now on the verge of tears, Kara asked an attendant how much longer she had until her bathroom break.

"An hour!" the staff member called back, and chuckled.

The desperation grew more and more, rising to a level of need that brought tears to Kara's blue eyes. "Oh my God," she stated to no one in particular, "I have to go so, so bad." She couldn't wet herself again. Please, not again. But it hurt terribly, the ache now traveling through to her back. She rubbed her slender thighs impatiently, and tightened her tired muscles with all of her strength. Her urine took on a mind and form of its own. Kara imagined that it was a demon pushing furiously on the doors to the outside world--in this case, the inside of her diaper.

A tiny drop escaped into the padding of the diaper. Kara yelped and grabbed herself, jamming her trembling hands between her legs, clutching herself. She didn't care that people were staring--sympathetically, of course--in fact, she writhed around in her seat, grinding her teeth in agony, wriggling until she was finally sitting on her heel. She let out a gasp as her body gave a huge push, trying to force the urine out.

"Mattie!" she groaned. "I can't hold it! I can't!" Her hands burned, still clamped tightly between her shaking legs. She felt her distended bladder poking at the waistband of her diaper.

Mattie tightened her lips in pity. "Don't hurt yourself," she murmured gently. "It's not worth it. Just let go into your diaper. They're not bad--they could hold back the frigging Pacific ocean--"

"--Aah!" Kara whimpered. Another drop of urine escaped, and then another. Kara fought to regain control. Panting, she slowly began to free one of her hands....

Her body pushed again, and this time, more urine got out. Crying now as Mattie watched in horror, she quickly clamped her hand between her legs again, but it was no use. Kara's bladder muscles forcefully contracted, and she lost control. She felt the urine gush from her body in long pulses, the diaper swelling with warmth in her hands. "I'm peeing! I'm peeing! I can't make it stop!" she sobbed.

Again, her accident lasted for the better part of a minute. The diaper sagged but managed to hold the flood of urine. Kara was disgusted and humiliated, though she felt physically better now that her bladder was empty.

Just then, Dr. Zhou arrived with the serious nurse, who was wearing gloves. "It's time for a bathroom break!" he announced. He noticed the tears streaming down Kara's face, and his smile faded. "Kara, did you have another accident?" he asked.

The girl shook her head and wiggled her knees, hopping anxiously from one foot to the other. "Uh, no--I just, I have to go so bad," she lied.

Looking unconvinced, Dr. Zhou led her down the hall and into an exam room. He instructed Kara to stand behind a curtain. The girl said nothing as the nurse lifted the edge of her gown and poked and prodded at the swollen diaper with a gloved finger. "It's wet," she said flatly.

Dr. Zhou shook his head. "Kara, three hours isn't a long time. You should have been able to hold it. Now, the nurse will help you get cleaned up."

Kara glared at the man. "Fuck you," she growled.

The doctor thoughtfully rubbed his chin. "I see we have a lot of work to do," he said.

*009*2017-03-13 04:11

Thank you for your feedback. :) Kara's story continues below, and there will be even more later!-

Heart heavy with a volatile combination of hatred for Dr. Zhou and hopelessness about her imprisonment, Kara stood motionless under the spray of the shower head. Rivulets of lukewarm water ran down her face, mixing with her bitter tears. She tried to ignore the nurse's shadow behind the translucent curtain, and instead focused on scrubbing her lean body with a small bar of soap.

"Hurry up, Kara," the woman said in a flat voice. "It's almost time for dinner."

Kara placed the soap back on the tile shelf when she was struck with an idea. Still sure that the nurse couldn't see anything more than her outline, she stood over the drain, spread her feet slightly, tensed her stomach, and peed out the remaining urine in her bladder. She was surprised that the stream was so strong, for she hadn't felt that level of desperation. I wonder if all the holding hurt my bladder, she thought. But since she didn't see a way out of her predicament, she didn't allow the possibility of injury to trouble her. She turned off the faucet and dried herself off.

The nurse yanked back the curtain and presented Kara with a stack of clothing, topped with a extra thick pull-on diaper. Rage started simmering in Kara's chest. She clenched her jaw and balled her fists, fantasizing about smacking the diaper out of the nurse's hands, about screaming and fighting and pushing for release, about breaking absolutely everything within reach--especially if it involved breaking Dr. Zhou's neck. But she said nothing as she slid the offending garment up her pale legs and over her hips.

"Good girl," the nurse said, still as expressionless as a potato.

Kara rolled her eyes and dressed herself in the dull gray hospital uniform: a faded pair of sweatpants, a threadbare t-shirt, and a sweatshirt that was at least two sizes too large. She pulled her hair into a slick ponytail and followed the nurse to a plain room with an arrangement of tables, all bolted to the floor.

Although Kara hadn't been expecting a tasty or exciting meal, considering she was in a hospital, she was definitely taken aback at what was served for dinner: a protein shake, a 12-oz cup of water, and a 12-oz cup of cranberry juice cocktail. She slid into a seat next to Mattie, who was struggling with her shake. "Blechhh," she said, wiping her mouth with her hand. "Fuckin' ass juice."

She glared at a staff member who admonished her for cursing, and threatened to throw her shake in his face. "Just make it disappear," he said, and stalked off.

Kara defiantly pushed away her shake and folded her arms.

"No use refusing," Mattie said, staring into the near distance. "They'll tube you for being a 'nutritional risk'."

In the end, Kara downed her assorted fluids and remained silent as she was escorted back to the common room, where everyone congregated for "relaxation therapy"--an activity that involved dimming the lights and watching a three-hour slideshow of images staff determined were "peaceful". To no one's surprise, the slideshow had a generous collection of waterfall pictures and a soundtrack that was mostly ocean waves. Mattie and several other girls groaned, and Kara bit her lip. Two hours. She directed her attention to her bladder, which was still sore from the torture. I can make it two hours.

Another half hour scraped by. Kara heard water pattering on the polished concrete floor, and looked to her left at an older girl sitting very, very still, her lips pursed and eyes clenched shut. Diluted urine was pouring in streams from her seat, making a widening pool around the girl's shaking feet. Kara averted her gaze, embarrassed for the girl. Watching another person wet themselves triggered a sudden bladder spasm. Kara bit her lip and gripped the edge of the table, clinging to the surface with short fingernails. She took deep breaths and tightened her sphincter, which gave a weak twitch of protest. Whimpering, Kara cradled her heavy, swelling bladder and repeated in her head, "I can hold it... I can hold it...."

"What's wrong?" Mattie whispered.

"That girl having an accident... it just reminded me of how badly I need to go," Kara moaned.

"I gave up about an hour ago," Mattie responded with a shrug. "I don't give a damn anymore."

Kara's hands went to her face. "No! I don't believe you!"

Mattie slowly stood, and turned her back to Kara. Kara's eyes traveled down to Mattie's bum. Dark crescents of moisture were visible between her legs. There was a thin line of dark wetness traveling down the inner leg of her sweatpants. She'd wet herself so much, her diaper had leaked.

Kara's bladder spasmed again, and then briefly contracted. She quickly jammed her fingers into her crotch, putting pressure on her trembling pee hole through the layers of her diaper. There was a slight dampness in between her legs, but Kara knew it was sweat. She hadn't wet herself...yet.

"You can make it to the bathroom," Mattie said dully. "Hold on for the both of us." She pulled off her sweatshirt and tied it around her waist, temporarily hiding her accident.

Kara's desperation slammed into her. She squirmed, fingers still pressing against her pee hole to hold back the flood. The girl was so desperate, she was panting. A small groan escaped her throat, catching the attention of a nearby staffer.

"Gotta go?" she asked bluntly.

Tears pricked Kara's eyes. She nodded. Her legs were pretzeled together and she was swaying her hips.

The attendant looked at her watch. "Five minutes," she said. "Your break is in five minutes."

Gasping, Kara nearly lost it right then and there. Battling to control her body, she rocked back and forth in her chair. What would happen if she stood? Could she even walk to the bathroom without wetting herself?

Those five minutes of torture felt like an eternity, but as promised, the nurse entered the room and beckoned Kara.

Kara tried to coach herself. Okay. You can do this. Okay. *Deep breath* You got this. Okay.

"You comin' or what?" demanded the woman.

Kara clung to her control with all fibers of her being, and slowly stood up. As her bottom left the hard seat of her chair, a tiny bead of pee trickled out. Kara marched in place for a few seconds, hands firmly jammed between her legs.

"Come on! Either come with me or wait another three hours," the nurse said.

Kara was so desperate, she couldn't speak. Toes curled inside her socks, she hobbled to the door, stopped to march some more, hobbled into the hallway, stopped, marched, and so on for the nearly unbearable journey to the tiled bathroom. Her hands shook as she frantically pounded her way to one of the stalls.

She didn't care if the nurse saw anything, so she breezed past the cubicle door and stood in front of the toilet, stomping her feet like mad as she tore at her clothes. As she was tearing off her diaper, her body tensed. Her stomach muscles bore down as they'd done before, and as soon as she turned to sit down, urine exploded from her.

But she'd made it. Her head sagged with relief as she sat and peed, the fluid thrashing its way out of her with remarkable force. The girl's entire body trembled as she peed and peed. She barely noticed the small amount of urine that was streaming down her leg, and the slightest bit of moisture absorbed into the crotch of her diaper. As far as she was concerned, she had made it. Finally.

