STP

Author: secretomoact

*011*2022-02-07 17:48

This one is potentially pretty upsetting. Warning for transphobia, abuse, trauma and conversion therapy. I try to balance the darker tone of this chapter with a little bit of humor, but be aware it does contain some heavier topics.

***

Avery wet the bed sometimes. But, he didn’t want to call himself a bedwetter. Well. Duh. No one would want to call themselves that. But, in Avery’s case he didn’t think he DID it often enough to be considered a bedwetter, anyway. Just, once every couple months. Very, very rarely. His ‘problem’, if one could even call it that, was not severe enough for him to need to put special covers on his bed, or use an alarm, or— God forbid— WEAR… ‘protection’ while he slept. Just, every so often, he would wake up and feel that clammy, gross, sticky feeling between his legs, and he’d know he’d have to get his sheets washed.

And, it wasn’t that he had any sort of issue with his bladder. Most of the time, if he filled up in the night, it would nudge him awake and he could sleepily stumble down the hall to take care of it. No worries. He did drink water before bed since it helped him get to sleep, but that didn’t make him any more or less likely to have an accident at night. Because, it wasn’t a matter of not being able to hold it, not realizing he was dreaming before unzipping at a urinal, or any of the usual reasons someone might wet the bed.

In fact, when he peed himself in his sleep, he was usually fully aware that he was dreaming. The problem was he’d be trapped in that dream, unable to wake himself from it. And, he really, really wanted to wake himself from it. Not just to save his sheets from getting damp, either.

When Avery wet the bed, it was always because of the same dream. Well, memory, really. His brain would force him to live through a replay of one of the worst things that had ever happened to him in his life, and try as he might, he could not will himself awake until after the scene had finally concluded. The thing was, he always KNEW he was asleep. He knew the event was over. He knew that he was stuck in a dream. But, he couldn’t get his body to cooperate and let him escape it. And then he’d wake up drenched.

There was something to be said about going to therapy and leaving it feeling worse than you ever had before. But, where Avery went wasn’t really ‘therapy’. It was just ‘therapy’ in name only. The place he was sent to by his parents after he’d come out was not therapy. It was torture. He’d had to live there, with no idea how much time was passing and no clue what part of the globe he was even on until his uncle got him out. He’d been in there for six months, and he’d been in an entirely different country which had entirely different laws.

That was why no one at that place could be punished for what they’d done to Avery. Because, where they’d done it, it was perfectly legal to try and ‘cure’ a person like Avery using those methods. Avery hadn’t been ‘fixed’ of course, he hadn’t been broken before he’d gone there. He was broken now though, just not in the way they said he was.

He had nightmares about it often, the sparking pain and convulsions would feel so real even in his imagination. The nightmares were play-by-plays of what he’d been through, he’d smell all the same smells, see all the same sights, feel all the same feelings, but all with the awareness that it wasn’t REAL anymore. Sometimes, and this was very strange, but sometimes the nightmares would come even when he wasn’t asleep. They weren’t the same as the ones he had while asleep, only lasting a few split seconds, during which his mind’s eye would be filled with a scene from his past and his heart would pound out of control. He didn’t know why that happened. He’d had nightmares while sleeping before he went to that place, but he’d never had one while awake before.

Multiple times, when those people had done those things to him, the pain Avery felt would be so extreme and all-consuming, that he’d lose control of his bodily functions. He’d foam at the mouth with drool, his eyes would bulge-out of his head, he’d scream and bite into his own lips, and he’d pee all over himself.

When he dreamed of this, when he dreamed of peeing himself, he’d go for real.

That was the only reason Avery wet the bed.

He’d wake up, his breath hitching and his heart thrumming, realize he was soaked, and begin to cry. Uncle Brad always heard him crying. Uncle Brad didn’t care that it had woken him up. Uncle Brad would just hold Avery and tell him it was okay, he wasn’t mad that he’d had an accident, he wasn’t mad that he’d cried in the night, he understood. It would take Avery so long to settle himself back down again. Sometimes Uncle Brad would have him skip school the next day following one of these episodes. Which was good, because Avery was never in any shape to attend class after such an awful night.

Lydia had invited Avery to spend the night with her while her parents and younger sister were out, and Avery had enthusiastically agreed. It had been a long time since he’d had a bad dream, and he’d started to think maybe they were over now. The past was in the past, and it was going to stay put now like it was supposed to.

Lydia’s apartment was really big and fancy. Avery had never been anywhere so upscale before. Lydia’s father was a famous talkshow host, so he guessed it made sense they’d live somewhere super ritzy, but Avery felt a little out of place. The floors were a gleaming white and even with his shoes off, he was scared he’d scuff them up. He was too nervous to lean against anything, thinking he’d somehow knock something over and find out he owed Lydia’s family millions of dollars to have it replaced, or something.

When he needed to pee later on, he felt awkward asking where the bathroom was. This was the kind of place he didn’t think he should ever mention urination in. Lydia noticed when he started getting fidgety though and showed him the restroom right away. He’d half-expected the toilet to be made of solid gold, but it wasn’t. It WAS weird though. It had a bunch of buttons on the side and he had no idea what any of them did. He thought it best not to press on them, thinking that he could cause it to self-destruct if he made a mistake.

But, when he tried to lift the lid so he could actually use it for its intended purpose, it wouldn’t come up. Piecing together that fancy, rich people toilets apparently locked when not in use and that one of the buttons must be to raise the lid up, he examined them more closely trying to figure out which one he needed to press. None of the symbols made sense to him though, and he was starting to get a little too desperate to concentrate.

The shower was right there though, and easy to get into…

No. That was a bad idea. Fancy, rich people showers could probably detect urine or something. Peeing there would be very, very rude. Not when he could just ASK Lydia which button he had to push… Yeah. He could do that.

Except, when he came back out and Lydia asked if he felt better now, he just couldn’t manage to admit to her that he hadn’t been able to figure out how to use the toilet. So, instead of saying “I couldn’t get the lid up. Please show me how?” he said “Yeah, I feel much better!”

But, he didn’t feel better at all. His bladder was throbbing urgently and angry at him for leading Lydia to believe it was freshly emptied. His bladder didn’t understand that asking a cute girl for help pissing in her fancy, rich people home was even less appealing to Avery than eating his own toe-nails. His bladder just understood that it was getting very full and needed to be drained out.

So, Avery just continued holding it. When Lydia put on a movie and they settled in to watch it together, Avery’s toes began to tap against the cold, polished flooring. He could barely concentrate on the plot at all— something about some underdog hockey player bringing his team to the Stanley Cup Finals, or… something. Hockey was the Stanley Cup, right? Or was that baseball? He couldn’t remember. He had to pee too badly to remember.

When the movie showed a shot of Madison Square Garden, he did remember something though. Namely, he remembered going there to see a game with Lydia once. He remembered downing a big, huge soda right at the start and needing to pee like crazy through the entire first period. He remembered wanting to leave his seat and go find a restroom, but not wanting to make Lydia think he wasn’t having a good time. He remembered getting so desperate to go that he finally told Lydia that he’d be right back, only to feel so intimidated by having to force his way past all the people next to him in their row that he just gave up and resigned himself to holding it. He remembered springing up as soon as there was a break, rushing to the closest bathroom as fast as he could, and finding himself dancing madly at the end of a very long line. He remembered how sweet it was to finally find himself standing in front of a toilet, letting it all flow out…

His bladder convulsed, and he wished he hadn’t just remembered all of that… ‘Tell Lydia you need help,’ a little voice whispered in his head. He knew he was going to have to do that eventually. No way could he hold this in all night. He’d burst. And unless he wanted to wet his pants in front of Lydia, or risk having her catch him watering the Hell out of a potted plant, he really should just ask her what the deal was with that weird toilet.

After the movie, he decided. It couldn’t be that much longer, could it?

There was only about half an hour left, but it felt more like half a year to Avery’s ailing bladder. It was thrashing all over the place in his center, squeezing and pressing forcefully into his sphincters, incredibly angry with him for ignoring it for so long. His legs were twisting together of their own volition, and he was bouncing rapidly in his seat.

When the end credits finally rolled, Lydia turned to him and noticed right away that he wasn’t doing well. “Avery? What’s the matter? Are you feeling okay?”

“I need to take a leak,” Avery said.

Lydia looked down at his knotted up legs. “I would have paused it for you, you kno—“

“How do you get the lid open on that toilet?” Avery interrupted, fingers curling into his jiggling knees.

Lydia’s eyes were still transfixed on Avery’s squirming, writhing legs, his pink lip caught between his teeth. There was something altogether fascinating about how he was moving. Kind of like watching an oncoming train-wreck… Once she’d processed his question, she realized that it meant he HADN’T gone earlier like she’d thought. He’d been holding it all this time? “Why didn’t you ask me earli—“

Avery stood, “It’s embarrassing,” he said. But, now that he was doubling over, doing a very elaborate and obvious pee-dance, he realized that there were definitely some things more embarrassing than asking someone for toilet operating instructions.

Lydia led him to the restroom once more. She pointed to one of the buttons on the toilet, “It’s this one,” she said, pressing it.

There was a soft, clicking noise and the lid raised itself. He stared at the now open bowl. So close. He almost lost it right then.

“Yeah, I don’t get the point either,” Lydia said. “It’s called a ‘smart toilet’ apparently, but I don’t get what’s so smart about a toilet that’s gonna be locked if the power ever goes out. You know if you sit on it it measures your body temperature? How creepy is tha—“

“Lydia! Lydia!” Avery interrupted, ordinarily he’d be all for hearing about the weird products Lydia’s mother chose to waste money on, but if he didn’t make use of that specific weird product within the next thirty seconds, they were going to need a mop. “A little privacy please?”

Lydia remembered what they’d come in here for and sheepishly left the room. “Sorry…” she said.

Avery quickly shut the door and yanked down his zipper, getting into position as fast as he could. A clear stream of liquid jetted from the tip of his STP and trickled loudly into the toilet. Avery gasped and tried to catch his breath. Before he could really take in the sensations of relief firing through his nerves, there was a strange noise, like the sound his phone made when he got a notification. And then; “Hydration level is high.”

The toilet spoke.

It fucking spoke.

It fucking spoke and informed Avery that he was well hydrated— A fact of which Avery had been VERY much aware for the past couple hours.

He definitely hadn’t been expecting that and it made him jump a little, messing up his aim for a second. Avery didn’t usually get pee-shy, especially around something that wasn’t even alive, but having that weird computerized voice comment on his stream like that did make him feel a little uncomfortable and he had to squeeze down on his muscles to keep himself pissing at a steady rate.

After several seconds of silence, Avery finally gave an overdue sigh of relief. “Ahhhh…” He did feel a lot better, even if the toilet was seriously creeping him out. He finally finished up a few seconds later, his stream dwindling away. As he shook out his STP he noticed his midsection still felt a little sore and that he had pushed himself a little too far tonight just to avoid a little embarrassment…

The toilet made that weird chiming noise again and then the voice returned; “115 seconds.”

Avery had no idea what that meant at first, then felt himself turning crimson when he realized that must have been the amount of time he’d just spent urinating… Wow. Almost two minutes. He HAD needed that…

When he returned to Lydia, before she had a chance to ask him if he felt better now, he stated “It talks.”

“…Yeah,” Lydia said. “Maybe I should have warned you… I think the sensors in it are supposed to, like, check if you’ve got bladder infections and stuff. The noises it makes will really startle you awake if it’s the middle of the night.”

They watched another movie, one which Avery was able to pay much more attention to now that he wasn’t waging a war with his bladder. Then, it was time for bed. Avery entered the restroom again to change his clothes and have one last pee before sleeping. This one was nowhere near as dire as the one from earlier, and the freaky toilet informed him he’d only gone for “29 seconds”.

Avery reached for his bag and took out his pajamas. He looked at them for a second, trying to prepare himself for what was to come. He had to take his shirt off. He flicked off the light in the room, which helped a little. But the silly ‘smart’ toilet had those glowing lights stuck to it so it wasn’t dark enough. Avery squeezed his eyes shut too, then quickly tugged his shirt off and over his head.

He spread his arms out and away from his torso, not wanting to feel his binder or anything beneath it. Blindly, he groped for his pajama top and pulled it on. Only then did he open his eyes back up. He smiled when he realized he hadn’t accidentally put the shirt on backwards this time. No need to go through that again.

It was easier to change his pants. Ever since he’d gotten his prosthetic, pulling his pants down and seeing what he looked like in just his boxers hadn’t bothered him so much. There was something there, right where it was supposed to be.

He left the restroom and headed for Lydia’s bedroom where he spread out his sleeping bag. Lydia looked down at him and frowned. “Um… Do you usually wear that chest thingy to bed? Isn’t it uncomfortable?”

Avery felt his ears heating up. He was certainly not supposed to wear his binder to sleep. Uncle Brad would be upset if he found out. It was unhealthy to wear it for too long, and if Avery turned around wrong in his sleep he could end up hurting himself. “Well… I… It’s…”

“I mean, you can wear it if you want to, I just thought it was, like, bad to sleep in it.”

“I just… I guess I wouldn’t usually wear it to sleep, but I don’t want you to see me as anything other than a guy.”

“But, I DON’T see you as anything other than a guy,” Lydia said. “Here, I’ll even take my contacts out. You’ll be so blurry I won’t even be able to see you anyways. Would that help?”

“You don’t have to—“

“Not like I’m going to need them when I’m asleep” Lydia said, removing them. “So, it’s okay. You’re just a big, blurry blob now, but you’re definitely a manly blob!”

“Heh,” Avery smiled, then gently reached a hand underneath his shirt to tug down the zipper at the front of his binder. He hated the feeling that followed then. The… Awareness of what was there… He quickly laid himself down flat on his stomach.

He was really supposed to take the STP off before sleeping too. Just to give his skin some time to breathe. But, with the binder he just needed to get the zipper apart. He could still leave it under his shirt without Lydia seeing it. Taking off the prosthetic was different. At home he kept it in a drawer in his nightstand while he slept, he didn’t know where he’d leave it here. If asking Lydia how to work the toilet was embarrassing, asking her where he could store his dick for the night was just… Not happening.

One night wouldn’t hurt, he decided. He’d forgotten to take it off before bed a few times already. It felt so much like a part of his body that removing it just didn’t enter his mind some nights. The worst thing that ever happened was he’d be a little itchy the next day. He could live with that.

“Goodnight, Avery,” Lydia said.

“Goodnight, Lydia.”

Avery had been worried he’d have a hard time sleeping here. He’d never been close enough to anybody to spend the night at their home before. He’d been worried the floor would be uncomfortable, but his sleeping bag was thick enough that it was okay and before long he’d drifted off.

When Avery next opened his eyes, he knew he was dreaming. He knew he was dreaming because he was back in that place again, and he knew he’d left it a long time ago. ‘No,’ he thought. ‘Wake up!’ He tried to pinch himself to jolt his body back awake, but just like all the times before, it didn’t work.

The fake ‘doctors’ took Avery to the dungeon. It wasn’t actually a dungeon of course, it was just a room in the ‘treatment center’, but it was dark and musty and everything that took place within it was painful. So, ‘dungeon’ was the only word to describe it.

The events played out exactly as they had all those times he’d really lived them. Avery kept thinking ‘Wake up, this isn’t real!’ but, it still FELT real and he COULDN’T wake up. Just like when he’d been here in real life, he was trapped. Only now his jailers weren’t the sick ‘doctors’, he was imprisoned by his own cruel brain.

As the pain erupted, as clear and visceral as it had been in the waking world, Avery felt a trickle between his legs.

Then, his eyes opened for real. He was awake, finally. He was safe and sound in his sleeping bag in Lydia’s room.

And he was peeing.

He was peeing a violent, noisy, hissing gush into his sleeping bag. “N—No!” he whispered sharply, squeezing his thighs together and clenching his muscles with all his strength. “Please, no. Please, not here. Please!” His heart, which had been beating out of control from the second he’d woken up, started to pound even louder in his ears. It was no use, he couldn’t cut off his flow. His bladder was bound and determined to finish emptying itself right into his clothes.

Then, the worst thing happened. Lydia sat up in bed. “Avery?” she asked. “Are you oka—“

Avery couldn’t speak, all he could do was choke out a sob.

“Avery?” Lydia said, climbing out of bed and crouching beside him. “What’s the— What’s that noise?”

Avery still hadn’t finished peeing. The noise was his urine still spraying out into the material of his sleeping bag. He sobbed again miserably, causing his bladder to void itself even more strongly. This was officially the worst night of his entire existence.

Lydia then noticed the acrid smell in the air. “You… You’re a bedwetter?” she asked bluntly, realizing a second too late that that was entirely the wrong thing to say.

Avery gasped out one more sob, “N—No,” he said through his tears. “Not— This— Doesn’t—“

“Avery, it’s okay if you wet the bed,” Lydia said. “You should have said—“

“I don’t!” Avery snapped.

Lydia jumped, “I’m sor—“

“I never did this before!” Avery said. “Not even when I was a toddler! I never had this happen!”

Lydia was a little confused. She assumed this must have been the first time Avery had ever done this. She felt awful then, to suddenly pee in his sleep for the first time in his life when spending the night away from home… How awful!

“And then, they sent me to that stupid thing,” Avery said. “And the dreams keep coming, and then I—“

“You were having a nightmare?” Lydia asked. “Is that why this happened?”

Avery nodded miserably. “When I was at that conversion thing my parents sent me to,” he explained. “They did all these nonsensical procedures that were basically just torture. And, sometimes when they did those things to me, I would… You know, I’d… Have an accident. Because it hurt so much, I just couldn’t control anything. And, now I have these dreams where it happens again, and when I dream about… losing it, I… go. I never had this problem before then. Never. It’s so unfair.”

“That’s… Really awful, Avery,” Lydia said. “I don’t know what to say… I wish that hadn’t happened to you, and I hope you stop having dreams like that someday.”

Avery shifted uncomfortably, he’d finally stopped peeing but now he was so wet and clammy…

“My Dad’s pajamas might be kinda big on you,” Lydia said. “But you can wear them for the rest of the night. “And I’ll get you a new blanket to sleep on. Just wait here.” She stood, reasoning that Avery would probably prefer to stay in his sleeping bag until he could get out of his wet clothes, he wouldn’t want her to see the dampness around his crotch.

After Avery was changed, he felt a little better, but he was still shaking like he always did after a nightmare. He needed to forget about it. “L—Lydia, I know it’s really late and I woke you up and stuff, but can we watch another movie? I’m not ready to go back to sleep again…”

“Yeah, we can do that,” Lydia said. “I’ll find something nice to help you feel better.”

*012*2022-02-08 17:29

Lydia furiously tugged the door handle one final time, hoping that perhaps she could force the door to open itself back up again if she made use of her full strength. But, alas, even the legendary arm of her school’s top athlete was not enough to get that door to budge.

Unfortunate that neither of her parents were home and her sister Pauline was asleep.

She turned around to face her best friend; “Sorry, Avery,” she said. “Pauline will wake up from her nap soon, and she can let us out.”

Avery nodded to Lydia, trying not to fidget his legs too obviously. They’d come in here, the huge room in Lydia’s massive apartment that was used for storage, to search for an old recording of Lydia’s Father’s TV show. But, Lydia had neglected to mention that the knob for this room was on backwards and could be locked from the outside. Something had managed to trigger the lock, and here they were. Stuck for the foreseeable future.

Worse still, Avery had been needing the restroom since before they’d come in here, and the knowledge that he was now stuck with nowhere to relieve his bladder was making his urge worsen. He paced back and forth across the room several times, like a caged tiger. A caged tiger with unusually shaky legs, anyway. At one point, he paused and stared out the huge, floor-to-ceiling window at one side of the room, looking for something that could distract him from his Godawful need. He could see a portion of the park that was across from Lydia’s building, and tons of skyscrapers. Many times, he’d been stunned by the height and size of the skyscrapers, he’d never seen anything like them where he’d grown up, but now all he could think about was how many urinals and toilets must be inside of buildings that large.

He also couldn’t stop thinking about the alleyways between those buildings. That would be a fine place to have a piss, too. Or, somewhere in the park, even. There were restrooms in that park, and if he couldn’t find one, there were huge trees and tons of bushes everywhere. So many places to get relief in an emergency.

He needed to stop looking out the window. It wasn’t distracting him at all. It was only making it worse. His bladder kept lurching every time his mind supplied it with another place it could potentially empty if he weren’t trapped in here. He leaned against the wall, crossed one leg over the other, and started to shimmy his hips as he tried to think of something that didn’t involve peeing.

He thought about the fish he liked to study, but that only led into how lucky fish were to be able to just pee wherever they wanted. And how, if Avery were in the ocean right now, he wouldn’t have to hold it even one second more. He thought about pizza, but then he couldn’t stop thinking about how pizza restaurants had toilets. He thought about the last test he’d taken at school, but then he remembered that he’d been a tad desperate then as well, and he especially remembered how good it felt to finally get in front of a toilet afterwards.

“Is it an emergency?” Lydia asked suddenly.

Avery blushed, apparently his ‘subtle’ knee bouncing hadn’t been that subtle after all. “Kind of…” Avery admitted. “I’ve been holding it a while.”

“You should have gone before we came in here.”

“Well, I didn’t know I was gonna get trapped now, did I?”

Lydia flinched. “Sorry…”

“Can’t we try yelling for Pauline to wake her up?”

“We could, but she’s a real heavy sleeper. And she always has a white noise machine on during her naps,” Lydia said.

Avery decided to try it anyway. He pounded on the door as he shifted his weight back and forth from one foot to the other. “Pauline!?” he yelled. “Pauline! Come on! Wake up! Your sister and her friend need your help! Like, really, really bad!” He listened for a second, but didn’t hear any doors opening, nor the sound of feet.

He groaned, squeezed his thighs together, and went back to sit beside Lydia on the floor. For a while, Lydia tried to distract him from his urgency, but Avery had drank about five cans of soda that morning and hadn’t had a single pee since. Distraction just wasn’t happening anymore. “Lydia,” he raised a hand, interrupting one of her stories. “I’m sorry, but I kind of just have to focus on… On holding this right now. Okay?”

Lydia frowned. It was that bad? She started to look around the room. Perhaps, there was something in here he could use to alleviate his problem. She wondered if he was wearing that stand-to-pee thingy he had now. If he was wearing it, that certainly gave him a few more options as to where he could empty out. She just didn’t quite know how to ask him.

Avery was wearing his prosthetic, of course. He always did now, and was continually amazed by how much better it made him feel in his every day life. It wasn’t even just that he could use it to pee standing up, but also the fact that he could feel it there between his legs. The empty, vacant feeling that something was missing no longer bothered him. Whenever he took it off to wash it, or to give his skin time to air out at night, he felt incomplete.

He’d peed with it tons and tons of times by now, and every time had felt so incredible; the relief would fade quickly, but the euphoria of aiming his dick and peeing would always remain. He’d been able to use urinals finally, he no longer had to worry if the toilet seat was dirty, or if someone noticed that he was sitting down and tried to start something with him. He was amazed that piece of silicone could improve his life as much as it had.

It helped him out when he got caught short, too. He could go behind a bush, or down an alleyway, or into a bottle if the need arose. He’d done all those things now, and as ridiculous as it was, each new location he’d peed in had made him feel implausibly good. Validated, even.

He should maybe stop thinking about that right now, though. Using his prosthetic to pee was something he’d probably give his right arm to do right now. An odd habit he’d developed was that, if he found himself desperate to pee, he would actually start to hold himself. He’d grip the opening of the prosthetic and, even though he knew that doing so shouldn’t actually have any effect, some of his urgency would actually fade. Obviously, it was purely psychological, but it worked.

He did that now, he grasped his dick in one hand and some of the thrashing, pulsing misery in his bladder ebbed away. He just had to be careful not to hold himself too tight, he was scared to warp the material in some way. As he clutched, he sat with his legs crossed and fanned his knees up and down. He cursed himself for drinking so many sodas. They were all demanding release with an ever increasing urgency that he could not answer.

“Hey, um… Avery?” Lydia asked. “If there’s something here you can… ‘use’, would you—“

Avery’s eyes lit up. “Is there!?” he asked, unable to keep the eagerness from his voice. It barely registered to him that, if there was something here, he would have to relieve himself in front of Lydia. He’d just heard the words ‘something here you can use’ and his bladder had readily loosened itself in anticipation. He needed to go. He needed to go so bad. He needed to go so bad he’d be willing to do it anywhere. He needed a toilet, a urinal, a bowl, a cup, a vase, a whole bunch of ladles… ANYTHING. He didn’t care what it was, just so long as he could pee into it. Hell, he’d even pee on a Broadway stage if it meant his bladder would finally be empty!

Lydia looked away awkwardly, “So… You’d be comfortable with that, I guess?”

Avery nodded, he would be so comfortable with it. Anything that resulted in an empty bladder would make him more comfortable than Lydia could possibly imagine.

“Okay,” Lydia said. “I’ll try to find something for you, then. But, um…” she struggled. “Er… Just to make sure I find something that works; That… thing you wear so that you can—“

“I have it,” Avery interrupted, sitting up a little further and pressing a heel against himself.

“Alright,” Lydia said. That was good. That meant Avery had as many options in this situation as any other guy would. Lydia looked through the boxes stacked around the room. She found old stuffed animals, old photo albums, her Father’s stamp collections… None of which made good emergency toilets. She stumbled upon her old baby blanket, and then Pauline’s in one box, and knew she’d found the items from when she and her sister had been very little. Some of the items actually brought back memories from when she’d been a toddler, and tons of them reminded her of little Pauline. Like, the binky she used to suck on, the sippy cups she’d once used, and…

A small, plastic potty chair.

Well. That would do it.

Lydia picked up the item and brought it back towards Avery. “Found something!” she said.

Avery started to exhale, he was gonna be peeing in just a few seconds, thank God!

She set the chair down, “And, it’s been peed in lots of times already, so you don’t have to—“

“What is that?” Avery asked. He was beginning to second-guess his earlier decision of “I WILL PEE LITERALLY ANYWHERE SO LONG AS I CAN ACTUALLY PEE!” He could not pee in a plastic toddler’s potty in front of Lydia. He just couldn’t. It would be too embarrassing!

“It’s Pauline’s old toilet,” Lydia said, deliberately trying to avoid saying the word ‘potty’.

If Avery’s face turned any redder, he could have passed for a tomato. No. He would not do this. He couldn’t do this. It was too much. He was not so desperate that he would use a potty chair like a toddler. He was not so desperate that he would—

A long, long burst of liquid sprayed out of him, and his resolve broke. “Lydia…” he said hoarsely. “Please, stand at the other end of the room and just look out the window. Do not turn around until I say.”

“Of course,” Lydia said. “Don’t worry, I’m not gonna watch you.” She rushed to the window, certain that Avery wanted to get started as fast as possible.

Avery hesitated one second more. He couldn’t believe he was gonna do this… But, when another spurt dampened his pants, he knew there was no other choice unless he fancied wetting himself in front of Lydia instead. ‘At least… At least I have my prosthetic,’ he told himself. ‘I don’t have to try to sit down on the thing.’

He got onto his knees and unzipped, aiming his prosthetic into the small opening. He thought that perhaps it was because he’d spent his whole life wishing he could pee standing up and then overthinking every last detail pertaining to it, but he definitely knew he had better aim than most cis guys did. He honestly didn’t understand how so many of them apparently ‘missed’ and spattered the rim of the toilet after doing it that way since elementary school, when he’d been able to work out the perfect place to aim that minimized splashback after only a month or so of being able to do it at all.

So, he was confident that his pee would go where he wanted it to. He spread his legs apart a little further so he wouldn’t accidentally squish the cup of the prosthetic and cause it to spill, then finally relaxed his bladder.

“Ahhhhhh… That’s beautiful…” Avery exhaled a sigh of extreme relief as pee trickled out to spatter against the plastic receptacle. He’d been concerned that liquid striking that material would be embarrassingly loud, but it wasn’t too big a problem after all. That was nice. He didn’t have to worry about Lydia listening to his release, he could just enjoy it. He could just go and go and—

What—

What was that sound?

As Avery’s stream continued to gush out, he started to hear music playing from somewhere. A weird, upbeat little jingle, like something from a radio advertisement. Where was it coming fro—

“Look at me,

Using the potty!

Twiddly-Dee

Using the potty!

I’m a big kid!

Using the potty!

It’s potty time!”

Oh, dear God… Why? Avery’s body shuddered and he suddenly felt like his face was on fire. He tried to clench himself shut, to stop peeing and just hold the rest until later, but no matter how tightly he bore down on his pelvic muscles, his stream just kept coming.

“When I gotta go,

I stop what I’m doing,

I go to the potty,

And I use it now!”

Who thought this was a good idea!? Avery wondered. Surely, even to a three year old, this would be humiliating! And, why did this little ‘feature’ even still work after all this time stuck in storage? Shouldn’t the sensor have worn out? Shouldn’t whatever battery that powered it have corroded?

“Look at me,

Using the potty!

Twiddly-Dee

Using the potty!

I’m a big kid!

Using the potty!

It’s potty time!”

The music faded, and Avery started to breathe again, started to get lost in his relief once more, gushing and gushing away… And then, that infernal song started right back up once more!

“Look at me,

Using the potty!

Twiddly-Dee

Using the potty!

I’m a big kid!

Using the potty!

It’s potty time!”

Avery’s eyes flicked to the other side of the room. Lydia was facing out the window, but he could see her shoulders shaking and knew she was trying very, very hard not to laugh. Avery couldn’t even believe this level of embarrassment was possible. He was starting to think that outright wetting himself in front of Lydia would have been less humiliating than this.

“When I gotta go,

I stop what I’m doing,

I go to the potty,

And I use it now!”

Avery pushed down on his muscles as hard as he could, no longer caring if he overflowed his STP and made a mess of himself. He just wanted his bladder empty as fast as possible to make this end. He was shocked by how much pee was inside him, and started to become terrified that the potty chair had cursed him to pee forever and ever while it mocked him relentlessly.

“Look at me,

Using the potty!

Twiddly-Dee

Using the potty!

I’m a big kid!

Using the potty!

It’s potty time!”

Avery just kept pouring, and he began to realize he was getting dangerously close to overflowing the plastic receptacle. Oh, please, not that too! He silently begged inside his mind. He felt close to finished. He hoped he’d manage it before the song entered its next loop.

“Look at me,

Using the potty!

Twiddly-Dee

Using the potty!

I’m a big kid!

Using the potty!

It’s potty time!”

Of course, he could not be that lucky. By the time the verse wound down, he was finished and shook out his prosthetic. A few drops hit the seat, but he didn’t care. The accursed object deserved it.

“When I gotta go,

I stop what I’m doing,

I go to the potty,

And I use it now!”

He zipped himself up and just lay down on the floor and stared at the ceiling as the song continued to play on until it was over.

“Look at me,

Using the potty!

Twiddly-Dee

Using the potty!

I’m a big kid!

Using the potty!

It’s potty time!”

Avery no longer feared Hell, for he now knew that there existed something much worse.

Lydia turned around slightly. “Done?” she called.

Avery just groaned.

Lydia cupped a hand over her mouth. “Sorry, I’d forgotten it did that,” she said. “I’m surprised it even still works. It must use a pretty powerful battery.”

“Wow, I’m so glad they sprung for the expensive parts,” Avery said monotonously.

“You must feel at least a little better?” Lydia asked.

“I yearn for death,” Avery responded. “But, at least I don’t have to pee anymore.”

“There you go!” Lydia smiled. “That’s one thing to be happy about!”

A few minutes later, the door opened. Pauline was in her pajamas and rubbing her eyes. “I heard something,” she said. “Was that the potty I had when I was little?”

“We’ve been stuck here a while,” Lydia said. “Because the door has issues. Avery had a bit of an emergency.”

“Did he make it in time?” Pauline asked, and Avery wished there wasn’t so much genuine concern in her voice.

“Yeah,” Lydia said.

“Yay,” Pauline said. “I think the stickers I used to get for making it are in here too!” she said. “He needs one!”

“No,” Avery raised a hand. “I don’t. I really don’t.”

“But, you did a good job!” Pauline said.

“I promise, I don’t need a sticker…”

