Please, Abby

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2019-12-24 21:04

This has nothing to do with Christmas I've been writing here for five years (yikes), so I thought I'd commemorate my very first story, which was posted on December 7th, 2014. I clearly missed that 5-year mark by quite a bit, but here is a 5,000-word follow-up on Garrett and Abby. Thank you all for your incredibly kind comments and support over the past five years! Sapphire

###

Garrett pulled out his phone and flipped it out of airplane mode as the plane pulled up to the gate. He rolled his neck back and forth, tense from the long day of travel and delays. He also pressed his thighs together, but he didn’t want to think about that.

His phone vibrated as the messages and notifications from during the flight came through. Garrett tapped on a text from his sister, Abby.

Got here early! I’m waiting for you by luggage claim. Can’t wait to see you!

Garrett couldn’t help but smile. It’d been nearly 10 months since he’d last seen Abby over Christmas. A year ago, she’d taken a new cardiology position in Maine, all the way across the country. Now a junior at UCLA, Garrett had eagerly accepted his sister’s invitation to visit New England with his sister over fall break. They made a plan for him to fly into Boston, where he and Abby would stay for a couple of days before driving up to Augusta.

The initial flight from Los Angeles to Chicago had been delayed on the tarmac, leaving Garrett little time to sprint between gates at O’Hare for his connecting flight to Boston. He was grateful to finally be back on solid ground, able to stretch his long legs (as soon as the passengers in front of his disembarked).

He looked down again at Abby’s message. He knew should stop before heading down to baggage claim – he’d definitely planned on stopping – but he didn’t want to make Abby wait. It would be fine.

He made his way through the terminal, his long stride projecting more confidence he felt navigating the confusing halls of Logan Airport. He wove his way through the thousands of other passengers, none of whom seemed to notice the slight hitch in his step as he passed the restrooms.

At the bottom of the escalator, Garrett had barely begun to scan the signs to determine which luggage carousel to go to when he heard a familiar shriek of joy. He turned just in time to catch Abby in a hug as she threw her arms around his shoulders, He squeezed her back, easily picking her up off the ground.

“Hey!” Abby squealed, hugging him tightly. “It’s so good to see you! How was the flight? Your luggage is probably already out – the belt started moving before you even came down. Do you want anything to eat? Are you hungry? We can just order something back at the hotel, too. I’m parked in short-term in the garage, so it’s super close.”

She said all of this before Garrett even put her down, and he beamed at his sister’s familiar chatter. He followed her to the designated carousel, doing his best to remember all her questions.

“The delay sucked,” he explained, “but the flights themselves were fine. It’s not even 6 back home, so I’m not too hungry. We can wait til we get to the hotel.”

Garrett was assuming that the hotel was fairly close and had decided that, at this point, he’d rather just go back and rest. It was already dark on the East coast, which, combined with his long day of travel, was making him feel more tired than he would otherwise.

“Good call,” Abby agreed. “We can just eat at the hotel bar, or we can order something in. There are plenty of options around here.”

Validated by his sister’s agreement, Garrett tried to relax. He definitely had to go to the bathroom, but all they had to do was get to the hotel, which wouldn’t take long at all. He scanned the curved conveyer belt and eased his way through the crowd to grab his suitcase. Abby waited for him to get back to her side, then turned and headed toward the parking garage. Garrett followed unquestioningly, and, sure enough, Abby’s car was in a close space.

Garrett placed his suitcase in the trunk and climbed into the front seat. Sitting in a car was infinitely more comfortable than sitting on a plane, and sitting gave him a little more latitude to keep his legs together.

“So how are you?” Abby asked eagerly, just as excited to see her brother as he was to see her. “How’s junior year going?”

Smiling tiredly, Garrett shook his head as the car pulled out of the parking lot. “No, no, I’m too tired and jet-lagged to tell stories. You start. Tell me about the land of Stephen King.”

Abby reached over and tousled his hair affectionately. She’d thought long and hard before taking a job so far away from her family; despite their ten-year age difference, she and Garrett were very close. He’d assured her that 3,000 miles and a 3-hour time difference were no big deal, that she should take the job. She had, obviously, but she missed spending time with her little brother and was thrilled to have a whole week to catch up with him.

So she started talking, giving him all of the information that she hadn’t fully been able to convey over text. Garrett smiled and settled back into his seat, realizing just how much he’d missed hearing the sound of his sister’s voice in person.

Garrett was so pleased that it took him ten minutes to realize how slowly the car was moving. He looked out the window and was greeted with rows of tail lights in the dark – not stopped, but definitely moving well below the speed limit.

He sat up a bit and looked out the window. Having never been to Boston before, he had no concept of whether there was always this much traffic, whether this was just a late rush hour, or how long it might take them to get to their hotel (not that he even knew how far away the hotel way in the first place).

Abby was still talking, seemingly unperturbed by the traffic, so Garrett sat back, but he was only half-listening now.

Garrett really disliked the feeling of needing the bathroom. He positively hated the feeling of needing the bathroom without having a bathroom immediately available. And sitting in a strange car in a strange city in traffic of unknown origin heading toward a destination an unknow distance away definitely qualified as not having a bathroom immediately available.

He took a deep breath, tightening his pelvic muscles a bit more. He wasn’t desperate, but he was getting there. He was still sure he’d make it to the hotel, though.

In another fifteen minutes, the traffic abated or they took a route that avoided the traffic…Garrett wasn’t sure and he didn’t care. The feeling of moving at a faster pace was indescribably comforting.

He must have sighed audibly, because Abby stopped talking and smiled in his direction. “You OK there, kid?”

Embarrassed to be called out, even in such a gentle manner, Garrett hoped that the darkness in the car would hide any blush in his cheeks. “Just tired. That’s the longest I’ve ever been on a plane in one day.”

Abby nodded empathetically. “It’s a damn big country to fly across,” she agreed, “but we’re almost to the hotel. We can just chill the rest of the night, and you can sleep in tomorrow.”

Garrett’s heart skipped a beat at Abby’s geographic estimate. All he wanted was to use the bathroom. It had been years since he’d been in a position where he’d held it for this long, and he didn’t like it one bit.

Abby’s prediction turned out to be right, and within five minutes, they were pulling up to the hotel entrance. Abby found a space in the parking lot, and Garrett retrieved his bag from the trunk.

It felt good to stretch his legs, but standing was harder on his bladder than sitting had been. He followed Abby into the lobby, willing himself not to cross his legs as he walked.

At the checkout desk, Abby greeted the manager and gave him her name. The manager typed, then frowned.

“What did you say it was, again?”

Abby repeated her name, spelling it out for good measure. Garrett clenched his teeth unconsciously and stepped closer to the rib-high counter, hoping to hide the uncontrollable shuffling of his legs. He just wanted to get to their room…

“Oh, you booked online!” the manager said, as if that made all the difference. “Sorry, our system is so odd…”

He handed Abby the keys. “Room 624. Wifi password is on the card. Elevator is around the corner on the left.”

Abby thanked him and headed in the indicated direction, Garrett behind her. “6th floor!” she said, as if this was a good thing. “You love the highest floor. Plus, it’ll be quieter up there.”

Obviously, Garrett was less worried about overnight noise than about immediate timing at the moment, but actually, finally heading to their room made him feel considerably less anxious than he’d been in the car. In the elevator, he positioned himself slightly behind Abby, daring to squeeze his crotch while she pressed the button for the sixth floor.

On the top floor, Abby glanced at the room number signs. “Oh, and look, we’re at the end of the hall, too! Furthest away from the elevator. Definitely the quietest spot.”

She beamed at Garrett, who did his best to smile back. At this point, he knew walking the length of the hallway wasn’t going to be his undoing, but he was incredibly uncomfortable and didn’t want to have to rely on holding himself to keep from leaking.

Nearly breathless with relief, Garrett watched as Abby unlocked and opened the door and flicked on the lights. He could see the bathroom, just to the right, he was finally going to get to pee…

Just as Garrett stepped forward, a harsh, blaring sound fill the hallway, and Garrett started to wet himself. In the same instant, he clamped his hand between his legs, forcibly cutting off the flow, but not before a warm leak soaked into his underwear. He had just enough time to get control and remove his hand when Abby turned around.

“Ooooh, terrible timing!” she said sadly. “Sorry bud. Fire alarm.”

She reached past Garrett to drag his suitcase into the room, while simultaneously shoving him into the hallway.

Too tired, desperate, and stunned to fully understand what was happening, Garrett stammered. “What…can’t we…”

“Nope,” Abby put on her best big sister/doctor face and she firmly shut the door to their room, effectively locking Garrett out in the hallway. “This isn’t a dorm, kid. They take these things seriously around here. Everyone out, so the fire department can come make sure everything is safe.”

Abby turned and opened the door to the stairway at the end of the hall, while Garrett stood frozen for a second. The sound of the ongoing alarm seemed muffled in his confusion, but Abby was already walking down the stairs, so he followed automatically, letting his brain sort things out on the way down.

They had to go outside. He had to walk down five flights of stairs. He had to go to the bathroom so badly, and his underwear were already wet. He had no idea how long it would be before he would get to use the restroom.

The stairs were agony for Garrett. The hotel didn’t seem crowded, but there were a few other people obeying the alarm, preventing him from putting his hands between his legs. Garrett stayed behind his sister, pausing a few times to twist his legs a bit and maintain a sense of control.

Outside, it was cooling down, but not nearly cold enough for Garrett’s teeth to start chattering the way they were. He unconsciously followed Abby away from the building, gazing frantically around for something, anything that could help him – an open restaurant, a thick copse of trees – anything that could substitute for the bathroom he’d been so abruptly prevented from using.

But there was nothing to be found. There were no restaurants or shops of any sort within Garrett’s line of vision, and, although the hotel had some woods on one side, they were blocked off by a long, wire fence.

A fire engine pulled up in front of the hotel, shutting off its wailing siren. A squadron of firefighters hopped out in full gear, and Garrett lost any hope he’d held that they’d be able to go back inside quickly.

Abby had wandered onto the grass across the access road, away from the crowd that had gathered at the edge of the parking lot. She hadn’t spoken since the alarm went off, but she turned when she heard Garrett’s choked whimper.

Stunned, Abby looked up at her brother. His bottom lip was shaking, and she could see his eyes shining in the light of the street lamps.

“Hey!” she cried. “Buddy, what’s wrong?”

The tears in Garrett’s eyes thickened and threatened to spill. His face crumpled in agony.

“I’m gonna have an accident,” he mumbled, voice cracked and shaking.

Abby’s eyes widened as Garrett seemed to cave in front of her. He hunched forward, crossing his legs, shoulders shaking visibly.

“OK…OK…” Abby said gently. She quickly scanned the lawn around them and saw a bench off to their left. “Come here, honey.”

She put her hand under Garrett’s elbow and guided him to the bench, further away from the crowd in the parking lot. As soon as they sat down, Garrett bent nearly in half, shoving his hands between his legs. The bench was thankfully angled away from the crowd, so his desperation was at least somewhat concealed.

“Oh, Gar,” Abby murmured, rubbing his back. “Sweetie, what happened? What’s going on?”

It was as if sitting down had eliminated the last of Garrett’s social restraint. All the anxiety of the past several hours came spilling out, accompanied by a copious stream of tears he could no longer hold back.

“I need to go to the bathroom!” he sobbed. “I went at LAX, but then we were delayed, and I couldn’t go in Chicago, and I didn’t want to go on the plane because the bathrooms are so small, and then I didn’t want to keep you waiting, and then there was traffic, and I was gonna go in the room, but then the fire alarm went off and there’s nowhere to go out here and I don’t think I can hold it anymooooooooore!”

He looked up at his sister, hands still clenched in his crotch life his life depended on it. “Please, Abby,” he begged, “I don’t wanna go in my pants.”

“It’s OK,” Abby whispered soothingly. “It’s OK. You can do this.” She’d learned long ago, when Garrett was in elementary school, that he didn’t like being told it was OK to wet his pants. After the incident in first grade, he hated the thought of having an accident so much that he would be infuriated at any suggestion that accidents were acceptable behavior. His family learned quickly that encouragement, not placation, was the way to go.

“We can find someplace close,” she tried. “Let’s just go back to the car.”

Garrett shook his head emphatically, almost stubbornly. “No, no,” he whined, his voice coming out childish and miserable in his frustration. “I don’t…I can’t get your car wet.”

“You’re not gonna wet your pants,” Abby promised.

Fresh tears fell from Garrett’s eyes, and his lower lip trembled. “I already did!”

It took all of Abby’s willpower not to reflexively glance down at her brother’s legs to check the veracity of his statement. Instead, she just asked “What?”

Garrett was shaking so badly, Abby almost thought she could hear his bones rattling. “W-w-w-when the alarm went off,” he stammered through his tears. “I had to go, and I was gonna go to the bathroom, but then alarm went off, and I started to go in my pants.”

Abby frowned in sympathy. She felt terrible that she hadn’t noticed how badly Garrett needed the bathroom at any point since she met him at the airport. She couldn’t see any realistic way out of this situation.

“Please, Abby,” Garrett repeated, practically babbling now. “I don’t wanna pee my pants. I have to go, and I can’t…” His breath caught and he twitched forward as a wave of desperation overcame him. He felt another leak escape, soaking into his already-wet underwear.

He raised his eyes again, looking so much younger than his 21 years. “I don’t think I can…” he cried, losing coherence. “I keep…”

I don’t think I can hold it.

I keep losing control.

Abby’s heart wrenched in her chest. “Honey, why I go see how much longer the fire department will be? Then we’ll at least have a timeline.”

Garrett nodded, still whimpering. Abby rubbed his shoulder reassuringly and quickly headed over to where a small group of people were clustered around one of the firefighters.

As soon as she left, a violent shudder rippled through Garrett’s whole body. It was as if the social fear of someone else seeing him have an accident was the only thing preventing it from actually happening, and as soon as Abby was out of sight, he lost all control.

Nearly doubled over, tears dripped off Garrett’s nose into his rapidly soaking lap. He kept his cries quiet enough that he could hear the voluminous, shameful sound of his urine hitting the concrete patch below the bench. The force of his accident was so great, he could feel it hitting his jeans before spreading in every direction. The bench was wet beneath him, and urine pooled on his lap, quickly gushing over his knees and streaming down both his shins.

He felt as if his entire abdomen had disappeared, leaving nothing but a vacuum under his ribs. He knew he was breathing because he was still crying, but his body seemed entirely devoid of oxygen.

Still quaking, Garrett eventually realized that he had stopped wetting himself at some point. He was drenched, deflated, and completely defeated. He’d lost all sense of connection to the world around him – all that was left was an empty, aching bladder and thoroughly saturated pants.

“Gar?”

Garrett didn’t turn his head as Abby approached him.

“Honey, they said there was a small fire in the kitchen,” she explained as she walked up. “It’ll be at least another 20...”

Abby trailed off as she rounded the bench. She hadn’t let herself focus on Garrett’s posture as she’d returned from the parking lot, but now, she couldn’t ignore the evidence in front of her, and her heart crumbled at the sight.

“Oh, Garrett.”

Garrett had never really stopped crying, but he wept even harder hearing the pity in his sister’s voice.

Abby sat down next to him, murmuring reassurances as she gently pulled his head down to rest on her shoulder. He convulsed with the effort of keeping his sobs quiet enough not to attract attention. For several minutes, they sat this way – Abby holding her brother and whispering comfort while his tears dripped onto her shoulder.

“I’m sorry,” he whimpered as soon as he was able to actually form words.

Abby felt her own eyes fill with tears. “I’m sorry,” she said softly. “I shouldn’t have rushed you out of the room or out of the airport. I’m so sorry, Gar.”

Garrett sat up, lifting his head from his sister’s shoulder, but he remained slumped, shoulders curled inward. He sniffled and wiped his nose on the back of his hand. His sopping pants were heavy, molding him into the bench. He was shaking and nervous, mortified by how completely he had lost control and terrified that it would happen again. Despite having emptied his bladder entirely just minutes ago, he tried to clench his pelvic muscles to check his state of fullness, only to find that he was getting no signals at all. It was as if his body was completely disconnected from his bladder, leaving him anxious that he could pee himself again at any moment.

But he didn’t say any of this to Abby. He just wiped at his eyes and tried to stop his lower lip from trembling. For her part, Abby knew not to push him, so they sat in silence, punctuated only by Garrett’s occasional sniffles.

Abby kept checking back toward the hotel, and after another 20 minutes, she saw people start streaming back in through the front doors.

“Hey.” She rubbed the back of Garrett’s hand. “They’re letting people back in. Are you ready to go inside?”

Garrett turned to confirm Abby’s statement, and an involuntary shudder ran through him.

“We can go through the side stairs,” Abby promised, correctly interpreting his hesitation. “We can wait a few minutes until the crowd thins out a bit. No one will see you.”

Drawing in a deep breath to calm himself, Garrett gave the barest of nods.

“Okay,” he said quietly after several seconds. “Okay.”

Abby smiled encouragingly. “It’ll be fine,” she said. “No one will see, and we’ll go upstairs and change.”

Garrett kept his eyes on the crowd strolling back into the hotel, tracking their progress. He shuffled a bit on the bench, feeling his now-cold pants chafe against his skin.

“Just a couple more minutes,” Abby assured him.

“Okay,” Garrett whispered almost unconsciously. He turned back to Abby, barely meeting her gaze before flicking his eyes downward.

“I…” He sounded so young and broken; Abby just wanted to wrap him in a hug for the rest of the night. “I think I have to go again.”

After all of the events of the evening, Abby didn’t have the energy to be surprised. It made sense, after all, that if Garrett hadn’t used the bathroom since the airport in LA, that he’d need to go again so soon after having an accident.

“Of course,” she said easily. “Everyone is almost inside. We’ll just go around back to the stairs.”

Garrett turned back around to see the last few people walking through the revolving door into the lobby. He waited another few seconds before standing and instantly cringed at the feeling of his piss-heavy pants hanging down from his waist. He blinked back a fresh sheen of tears, inhaled slowly, and started trudging back toward the hotel with Abby at his side.

They kept their distance, sticking to the shadows beyond the lights from the entrance. As they approached the side door, Abby saw Garrett pause and shift his hips back and forth.

“Honey, do you want to use the elevator?” she asked cautiously. “It might be faster.”

Garrett looked down at his drenched pants and shook his head emphatically, and Abby dropped the matter, swiping into the side door with her key card.

They ascended slowly, Abby slightly ahead of her brother, both keeping diligent watch for any other hotel guests. The stairs were deserted, thankfully, and their footsteps echoed off the unadorned walls.

Abby kept glancing back at Garrett. She couldn’t tell if his look of discomfort was from the feeling of his wet clothes or his need for a bathroom, and she was torn as to whether to try to speed up or let him move slowly.

They made it to the fifth floor landing, and Abby started up the last set of stairs when she heard a gasp behind her. She turned to find Garrett hunched over, hands between his legs, looking positively panicked.

Garrett looked up at his sister, eyes wide and fearful. His guileless terror made him appear at least a decade younger than his 21 years.

“Abby!” he rasped, voice high and cracking. “I had to go, but then it got really bad all of a sudden and I started to go in my pants again!”

Deliberately slowing her breathing, Abby stepped back onto the landing. “It’s OK,” she murmured, glancing at the fifth-floor door to make sure no one was coming. “Just hold on, bud. Just one more floor. You can make it.”

Garrett’s eyelids fluttered, sending a single tear down his cheek. Abby could tell he was hanging on by a thread to both his bladder and his emotions.

“I can’t pee on the stairs!” he moaned quietly.

“It’s OK,” Abby repeated. “Deep breaths. You can do this.”

Her voice was steady, but inside, Abby was in full agreement with her brother. Wetting himself outside, though humiliating, was not nearly as bad as leaving a puddle of urine on the stairs. There was no way they’d be able to keep that from the hotel staff.

Garrett sniveled, quivering, but he followed his sister’s instructions and took a deep breath. It took several long seconds, but he eventually straightened slightly and started up the stairs, keeping his hands firmly buried in his crotch.

Abby stepped quickly ahead of him, ready to open the door on the top floor. Garrett’s progress was slow and irregular, and tears were freely streaming down his face by the time he reached the top step.

“Please, Abby,” he begged as she opened the door to the hall. “It’s coming out.”

Breathless, Abby swiped the key in the door to their room. In her haste, she missed, and the locked beeped red.

“Abby!” Garrett whined frantically, feeling his wet pants re-warm under his desperate grasp.

“Sorry, sorry,” she mumbled, carefully reinserting the key. The locked clicked free, and Abby wrenched the door open, shoving Garrett past her into the bathroom. She shut both doors simultaneously and let herself exhale, knowing that at least they had avoided soiling the stairs or the carpet in the hall.

In the bathroom, the lights were still on from when Abby had entered the hotel room the first time. Garrett could see the toilet, but couldn’t move from the spot where he’d stumbled onto the tile.

He’d started losing complete control as Abby had fumbled with the key, and now, standing within feet of the toilet, he could do nothing but wet on himself, having an uncontrollable accident in his pants for the second time that night.

Garrett’s legs gave out and he slumped against the wall, sliding onto the floor into the spreading puddle. The knowledge that his warm piss covered the floor was the only thing keeping him from falling over completely.

Out in the bedroom, Abby listened for sounds of a typical bathroom visit, but heard none. After a couple of minutes, she knocked gently on the door. When she got no response, she called a warning to her brother before opening the door.

Garrett sat crumpled against the wall, eyes red and shining. His pants glistened in the light with new wetness, and his puddle spread out around him.

He looked up at Abby, his face a mask of misery. “I didn’t make it,” he whispered. “I peed on the floor.”

Abby’s heart broke at the sight of her forlorn, dejected baby brother. She reached up to grab a towel from the rack and started sopping up his mess. When she had absorbed enough to get close, she crouched down next to Garrett and put her hand on his cheek.

“You’re OK, sweetheart,” she soothed. “It was just an accident. You tried.”

Garrett didn’t respond, and Abby sighed. “Take a shower, honey. I’ll bring you your pajamas. You can get cleaned up, and we can get some dinner.”

“’m not hungry,” Garrett mumbled.

Abby just nodded. “That’s OK. We can just go to bed. You’ve had a long day.”

Abby pushed herself to her feet. Garrett made no immediate move to follow, so Abby dropped the wet towel in the corner of the bathroom and went to get Garrett’s pajamas from his bag. When she returned, Garrett was at least standing, his face still streaked with dried tears. She set the dry clothes on the counter, and Garrett mumbled a thank you.

While Garrett showered, Abby changed into her own pajamas, vicariously exhausted from the events of the evening. She wasn’t particularly hungry, either, but she could order some room service snacks for her to munch on (and Garrett, if he decided).

When Garrett emerged 15 minutes later, Abby tried to smile. “Hey, kid.” She gestured toward the second bed. “Come relax. We can watch a movie.”

Garrett didn’t acknowledge Abby’s words at all. “My clothes,” he muttered by way of a question.

“We can rinse them out in the rub,” Abby replied, rising from the bed to help, but Garrett waved her back.

“I’ll do it,” he said, still not looking her in the eye.

Suppressing a sigh, Abby watched Garrett return to the bathroom to rinse his urine-soaked clothes. She thought back to Garrett’s accident during the distract final game and how devastated he’d been at wetting himself at age 16. Now, 5 years later, Abby couldn’t imagine he’d have an easier time getting over the experience of peeing his pants.

Twice.

She heard the sounds of Garrett rinsing and wringing out his soiled clothes. Her older-sister instincts urged her to go help, but she stayed put.

After a few minutes, Garrett slunk back out into the bedroom. He stood awkwardly at the foot of Abby’s bed.

“Come on, bud,” Abby encouraged after a few seconds of silence. “Come sit down.”

Garrett frowned and shook his head. There were a few more seconds of silence before he spoke softly.

“I have to sleep in the bathroom.”

Abby’s shoulders slumped in sympathy. “Honey, no-“

Garrett raised his eyes to look at Abby, his face crestfallen. “You know I do, Abs,” he said miserably. “I’m gonna wet in my sleep, and I can’t pee in the bed.”

Abby couldn’t argue. Garrett had wet the bed after his soccer accident in high school (for several days, in fact), and she couldn’t put him through the humiliation of wet sheets in a public setting.

She shifted on the bed, patting the now-open spot next to her. “You’re not gonna fall asleep yet,” she said. “Come watch a show with me, and then we’ll set up something in the bathroom.”

Garrett paused, then nodded. He practically melted into the bed, folding up next to his sister. Abby wrapped her arm around his shoulder and gave a squeeze.

This wasn’t the best way to start their vacation, but they’d both survived Garrett’s accidents before. They could do it again.

*006*2019-12-28 02:16

{{On 12/24/2019 at 11:34 PM, Melificentfan said:

I absolutely loved that story it was a very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you so much!

{{On 12/26/2019 at 2:42 AM, AliasnameTO said:

Very cute, no less than expected of you by now but it appears that Gar needs to get busy making peace with his bladder woes if they can't be stopped. Sounds like he got out of this one entirely unscathed, and his sweet sister is hardly a harsh judge. If she's going to encourage him through anything, it should be his tendency to be too hard on himself.

}}

That was pretty much my only hesitation in writing this - that Garrett would come across as too unrealistically weak and indecisive in the face of desperation!

{{On 12/26/2019 at 7:27 AM, bazinga said:

Sapphire, i love this so much! i can’t believe it’s been 5 years since your first story! as usual, my favorite thing about your writing is the way you portray the characters and their emotions. i’m such a sucker for angst and male omo so this is what makes you one of my favorite authors! ♡ happy holidays!

}}

Happy holidays, bazinga! Same, same, same - the angst is my favorite part. You (and others) on this site have been so kind and supportive, it makes me want to keep writing as long as I have time and ideas!

{{On 12/26/2019 at 4:56 PM, Pilly said:

Awww, I liked this story, but my heart is broken now. Poor boy...

And I'm so happy to read your stories, so I would like to thank you for writing them!

Merry Christmas!

}}

Thank *you* for reading and for providing such sweet comments, Pilly! Merry Christmas to you, too!

{{11 hours ago, Manowar said:

Yours male wetting stories are outstanding. This one too. Great work.

}}

Thank you! That's so kind, and I'm so glad you like them!

