Bill cipher's new discoveries part one

Author: Snowdrop

*000*2016-10-08 04:19

Bill was now regenerated. It took maybe a year or two, and his form was...a little different than before. But he enjoyed how it looked, that way no one could recognize him and he would no longer be teased for his triangular appearance. Having a human look was very interesting, golden hair, a yellow and black tailcoat suit, and he wore an eye patch just because it was hard getting used to double vision. Only downfall to looking human, was it also came with those human functions.

The need to eat wasn’t all too bad, he did enjoy the foods and forms of nourishment humans had created and always wanted to try one. His personal favorite were meats of any kind, it made him feel carnivorous and destructive without anyone but the PETA association to bother him about doing so.

And the need to sleep while it was a bother at times, also made him feel good after every time he did so. Yup, being human wasn’t all that bad. And now that he wasn’t thirsty anymore, having had three good sized glasses of water, he was ready for revenge. Revenge on those Pines twins.

The twins were in their home at California, Mabel was drawing in a sketchpad and Dipper was reading a good book. All was peaceful. But not for long. A bright white light flashed, and a very...familiar laugh was heard. They both hugged each other, shivering. No, No it can’t be.

The laughter rang through the house and eventually, Bill and his new form were right smack dab in the center of the room, tailcoat and all. “HOWDY KIDS, I SEE YA BEEN BUSY SINCE I WAS YA KNOW, DESTROYED!” His one visible eye turns red and he has sparks fly off his gloved hands, the other two holding onto each other shivering in fear. He starts to notice a slight pressure in his lower abdomen but shrugs it off, thinking nothing of it.

The next hour he and the kids just yelled slings of insults at each other, all the while the pressure in Bill growing by the minute till eventually, his floating faltered and he fell smack dab on his bottom, the force causing his bladder to jolt and leak. He quickly grabbed himself, a crimson blush on his face. He had no idea what was going on and didn’t understand why he couldn’t hold still.

“A-AND F-FURTHERMORE...I...I WILL...GOD WHY CAN’T I STOP SQUIRMING, WHAT DID YOU BOTH DO?!” The two teens look at each other and then blink, a smile forming on their faces as if they’re trying not to laugh. His rage grows, which causes his bladder to leak again, making him hold himself. He was so humiliated right now. Only purpose he saw for down there was when humans reproduce. He started shivering and tears came to his eyes, and he let out a small whimper. The twins went from laughing to, almost concerned.

“BIll….when was the last time you drank something...and..how much did ya have?” Bill was confused and then looked up at them, anger and embarrassment written all over him. “I had like three large glasses of water before I came here...why?” Dipper and Mabel both shared awkward glances and smiled nervously.

“You do it,” Mabel immediately blurted.

“WHY ME”

“cuz you’re the boy!”

“...fair point…” He rolls his eyes, adjusting his hat and sighing. “Ok Bill you uh...you gotta come with me. “ Bill stood up, his knees shaky and his breathing in short and shallow pants. “W-where are we going P-Pine tree?” He seemed in a pissed off mood, and rightfully so. He had no idea what was happening with his body and no one was explaining it to him. He started walking, holding himself and his face blushing and hot in embarrassment.

Dipper led Bill to the bathroom, a place Bill was slightly familiar with. He woke up and took a shower in it as his first day as a human. He looks unamusedly down at Dipper. “I do not need to wash myself, Pine Tree. What is wrong with me and why...why does it hurt now?” Dipper was blushing a deep crimson at this point.

He walks Bill in and shuts the door behind him, groaning with his back to Bill. “Please tell me you know how to do this, Bill…” Bill was infuriated now. “OH YES, I KNOW PERFECTLY WELL HOW TO STOP THIS FEELING, IT’S WHY I’M STANDING HERE LIKE AN IMBECILE AND MOVING ABOUT LIKE A PERSON ON SUGAR RUSH. “ His hair turns red as well as his eyes, but falters as he again whimpers and starts squirming, bouncing a little even. Dipper groaned and rubbed his arm, sighing.

“Ok, Ok I get it. H-here,” Dipper goes over to the toilet and lifts both lids. “Walk over here and stand in front of this, it’s called the toilet,”

Bill tried hurrying but regretted it when more warm, foul smelling liquid leaked from him. He takes deep breaths and slowly inches to the porcelain bowl, panting. However...he felt himself being summoned and yelped as he was standing, rather awkwardly with his hands in between his crossed legs. “I-I’m uh h-here. W-what’s it ya want?”

It was the usual. Someone who just wanted fortune of knowledge. “fine fine let’s make it quick I got important stuff to do.” He removes one hand to shake, and adjusts his stature so it was straight and intimidating. Big mistake.

The liquid started gushing out of him, he gasps and a blush spreads across his face as he stood there, unable to stop it. The person who summoned him just stood there, pointing and laughing. Bill had no idea why, but he was replaced with embarrassment with a form of...relief. It felt almost like when one orgasms, the shivers and moaning escaping him as the waste fluids run rapidly down his legs, pooling beneath him. He smiles and laughs a little in relief, never feeling anything like this.

The feeling finally stopped along with the stream of liquid about a minute later, and he pants regaining his breath and composure. He smiles, satisfied, adjusting his bow tie and smirking. “Now, as we were saying-” but before he could finish, he noticed the human had walked away.

Did they just?... Ok, now someone was going to die. His hair and eyes turn red, hands engulfed in a blue flame. But..what exactly was that liquid? He decides to bite down his pride and go ask dipper...shouldn’t be too hard to understand...right?

TO BE CONTINUED

