Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*000*2023-01-08 20:25

What’s this? A fanfiction? I got thinking about the first Omo fic I ever wrote when I was much, much younger and had the idea of re-writing it. It’s been ages since I’ve done much fanfiction, and I tried my best to keep everyone in character (Nappa is more based on his personality in the abridged series, though.) And some liberties were taken with regards to fusion.

Anyway, for parts in Vegeta’s POV, Goku is called Kakarot, but he’s called Goku in parts from his own POV.

And if it’s not clear, the ‘feeling’ Vegeta is refusing to admit that he experiences is just anxiety.

***

Vegeta’s problem had started out simply enough; showing an indication that his body had any limits whatsoever was absolutely not an option for the prince of a warrior race. Therefore, he would not allow himself to resolve particular ‘issues’ while in the presence of another.

Specifically, Vegeta wouldn’t dare urinate where anyone would see. That was beneath him.

Sometimes it wasn’t easy for him to follow his own rule. He’d be sorely tempted to enter a public facility, or to let his bladder drain out behind a large rock if the inhabitants of the planet he was on didn’t urinate. It wasn’t easy, and there were times when he would be forced to watch as Raditz, Nappa and any number of Frieza’s other men, relieved themselves out in the open. Meanwhile, Vegeta would continue to wait, steadfast in not allowing any discomfort to show. He had to make it clear to everyone that the reason he wasn’t peeing was because he simply did not need to do so. He had to make it clear that he didn’t have needs, that he didn’t have limits. And that wasn’t easy.

But, Vegeta didn’t even LIKE easy. As far as he was concerned, his bladder was just one more muscle to train, one more thing he could use to prove to everyone— including himself— that he was powerful beyond all measure. So, he treated every twinging irritation in his abdomen, every pulsing throb that assailed him when others got the relief he was craving, as if it were just part of his training regimen.

He even went so far as to deliberately get himself desperate a few times when he had no other obligations to attend to. He’d drink until his stomach ached, then hold it until he could almost feel his kidneys swelling. In time, his bladder got stronger and stronger, just like any other part of him. In spite of countless hours spent holding it in, he hadn’t had even a small leak since he was a very young child. His control over his bladder was masterful.

Others noticed, too. Raditz, who seemed to need to urinate the most out of the remaining saiyans, had made countless comments about how Vegeta ‘never had to piss’. Often, when he said things like this, Vegeta was subtly tensing his thighs and stubbornly trying to ignore a mounting pressure in his bladder. The comments, naturally, made Vegeta even more determined to hold on, to wait until no one was present to see him void. Now that he was KNOWN for never needing to pee, he had a reputation to uphold!

By then, he couldn’t even handle it if someone saw him walking towards a restroom, even if they weren’t going to stick around to watch or listen to anything. The mere fact that they’d seen him ENTER the bathroom at all and, thus, were likely thinking about him urinating, about his bladder being full enough that it had defeated his powerful holding muscles… Just THAT was enough to prevent him from going inside.

So, there was an update made to the rules he had been forcing himself to follow. Not only would he never, EVER allow himself to void where he could be seen or overheard. Not only would he never use public facilities or empty his bladder outside. He now also had to make sure no one even saw him go NEAR a restroom. Any sign at all that he possessed a bladder, and that he couldn’t actually hold it indefinitely, was utterly unacceptable.

This new rule was even more difficult to abide by, but he managed it. If he felt full enough that he knew it was time to go, he would scope out his surroundings. If his scouter failed to pick up on anyone being nearby, AND he was close to a restroom, he would go. This typically limited him to only one or two toilet breaks per day, and he would feel astoundingly uncomfortable trying to keep his liquids at bay, all while not showing any signs of need. The thought of the shame he’d feel if he DIDN’T manage to wait got him to fight through all of the rippling pains that tore through him.

Honestly, Vegeta didn’t realize that his ‘training’ and all of his self-imposed rules had created a problem until he and Nappa were on their way to Earth. The pods they traveled in were tiny, meant purely for transportation, generally of unconscious occupants. They did not include any additional amenities, such as any possible way to relieve oneself. The voyage was the longest one he’d been on— a full year. And, even if Vegeta had toughened his holding muscles up to an extreme degree, there was nothing he could do to actually increase the size of his bladder. He could endure the pressure of fluid rising up inside of it for ages, but any container would only have so much room.

Vegeta could hold it for a day, and sometimes a little bit longer than that if necessary. He could not hold it for a year. At that point, it wasn’t even a matter of him being too weak, he reminded himself. It was simply a problem of capacity, one which no amount of effort on his part could change. There wasn’t a being in existence that could hold their urine for an entire year.

Still, the first couple times they stopped on other planets, Vegeta held it while Nappa went. Regardless of if the planet had anything resembling an actual bathroom or not, Vegeta refused to grant his bladder the relief it kept begging for. He knew that, eventually, he was going to HAVE to void during this trip. He was going to have to do it several times, a year without relief was simply impossible.

He still wanted to put it off for as long as he could. No matter what, he was going to have to break his rules this year. He was going to have to enter a restroom and have Nappa SEE him do it, know that he was urinating. He was probably also going to have to drain his bladder outside at least a few times. He may even need to pee in FRONT of Nappa at some point.

Thinking that over was giving Vegeta a really strange feeling. There was the heavy shame that he always associated with showing ANY kind of weakness, but there was something else underneath it, a tight, sharp feeling in his chest that he’d seldom felt before. It was a sensation he associated with Frieza, but he refused to name the emotion, even to himself. It was awful enough that Frieza could ignite this twitchy, cold feeling within him, no way could he allow URINATION to do the same thing.

The good thing about the pods, was that they gave Vegeta some privacy. There was still no way for him to pee while inside of it, but at least he was totally alone. He could do a few things that he’d NEVER permit if a witness was around. Namely, he could SQUIRM. He could cross his legs, tap his feet, bounce his knees up and down. He could fidget about and try to assuage some of the discomfort boiling inside of him.

After nearly an entire day without urinating, the discomfort was turning more into pain. His bladder was sore, throbbing tyrannically. When he caught his hand sneaking towards his crotch, he forced it away with a sharp blush. Then, remembering no one was around to notice, he allowed the hand to take a grip, savoring the slight relief this granted him.

With some dismay, he accepted that he was going to HAVE to urinate the next time they stopped. That strange feeling was seeping into his chest again, and he gritted his teeth, furious at the sensation for being there. He was the Saiyan prince, he could NOT let something like THIS bother him so much.

Time began to move very slowly for Vegeta. He swore, Nappa had been asking for stops CONSTANTLY earlier, yet now that Vegeta was ready to go, the other had suddenly ceased needing them. Wriggling shakily in his seat, an unwanted idea entered his mind; Of course, HE could say it was time to stop, he didn’t NEED to wait for Nappa…

He shook his head, trying to banish that thought. It was already going to be just AWFUL having Nappa see him give in to his body. If he was ALSO the one to ask for the stop to begin with, the disgrace would be immeasurable. And, it wasn’t as though he couldn’t still hold it. He could ALWAYS hold it. He hadn’t ONCE let out a single drop before he was ready, not since he was practically still a toddler. Besides, he was likely going to have to fight a pretty intense battle when they got to Earth; A bit of “endurance training” wasn’t a bad idea.

It really WAS starting to hurt, though. And it was becoming incredibly difficult to keep a single thought inside his mind. No matter what he tried to focus his attention on, he would be drawn back to his bladder before long. He kept imagining all of the large bodies of water he’d encountered in the past, and replaying moments where he’d watched someone else urinate while he forced himself to just stand off to the side silently, crossing his arms and fighting not to ALSO cross his legs. His sphincters remained welded shut, but he could FEEL how stretched his bladder was getting, how little space was left inside. Once it reached its maximum capacity, it wasn’t as though his kidneys were going to STOP sending more liquid down into it. No, they’d keep pumping away, keep filling a container that had no room.

And so, it would spill over, and—

No! No, it wouldn’t. Vegeta was… He was strong enough to hold it. If there wasn’t enough room, he’d just MAKE room, he’d FORCE his bladder to find the space and just— Just DEAL with it.

Before he had to worry TOO much about that, Nappa asked to stop and Vegeta agreed— Which was his first mistake. The last several times, Vegeta had made a show of telling Nappa to WAIT, because he wanted to get to Earth as soon as possible. He’d commanded that Nappa hold it, and only begrudgingly gave in once Nappa’s complaining got to be too annoying for him.

THIS time, just readily saying “Fine”… That was so unlike him that it obviously caught Nappa’s attention. “Wait. Really? … Are you sure?”

“Nappa!” Vegeta shouted irritably. “Did you want to stop, or not?!”

“… Do you have to go too, Vegeta?”

“No. Of course not,” Vegeta winced, his midsection cramping and protesting against his denials. He was already formulating a plan, a way to get some relief without letting on to Nappa that he actually, sort of, maybe… Had to go really bad. When they’d landed, he’d simply say something like “I suppose I’ll go now, while we’re wasting our time.” If he did that, if he emphasized to Nappa that HE was the only one who couldn’t wait…

And then, Vegeta would simply do that EVERY time he had to go during this trip. Problem solved.

But, when they found a place to land, Vegeta realized his problem was very, very FAR from being solved. He realized that his problem wasn’t quite what he’d thought it was.

While Nappa pissed out in the open, Vegeta took a few extra seconds to get out of his pod. The heavy feeling in his bladder was so intense that it actually made it difficult to get up, and THAT draped a blanket of shame over him that was even heavier. Once he was up, he found himself fighting to adjust to the gravity of this planet. He couldn’t tell if it was actually HIGHER here than it was on the last planet they’d been on, or if the urgency pulsing in his abdomen was just making it FEEL that way.

He realized it had taken him MUCH too long to get out of the pod, and struggled to come up with an excuse for his sluggishness. Even just saying that he was tired or that his legs had fallen asleep would be utterly beneath him, though. So, instead he muttered something about the door malfunctioning for a moment. “Fine, I’ll go now,” he said. “Since you want to waste time here.”

After that statement, Vegeta moved to pull his dick free, but hesitated. This planet was really, really barren. It was totally flat, no plant-life, no rocks, just a very fine powder of sand as far as his eyes could see. And Nappa was still RIGHT there, and… And even if he had to know Vegeta was peeing, that didn’t mean he had to be able to SEE it.

Vegeta paced for a few steps uncertain of what he was even looking for. He knew what he WANTED was an actual bathroom, with nobody anywhere CLOSE to it. With that not being an option, he finally settled for walking behind his space pod and trying to use IT for a little bit of cover.

Finally, he moved his clothing aside and aimed, readying himself for what he was SURE would be an intense wave of relief.

But, that didn’t happen. Instead, all he got was a furious, aching shudder from within his bladder, an agonizing pinch around the base of his cock, and even MORE of that aggravating, cold tingle in his chest. As several more seconds passed, during which Vegeta repeatedly told his bladder to start emptying and was given nothing but refusal in return, the icy twitches skittering over his skin worsened and worsened.

What the Hell was this? It had never happened before! Any other time, he’d finally have an opportunity to go, and he’d just…

Against his will, his tail had uncurled and was flicking about in a display of irritation. He tried to get it to go still, but IT wouldn’t obey him any better than his bladder would. Freezing cold sweat was running off of him now. Vegeta’s body was his most valuable asset, he’d always been able to get it to do WHATEVER he wanted so long as he worked hard enough! Nothing had ever, ever defeated him before. Now, having his own parts behave so OUT of his control… He tried to convert the jittery feeling that he dared not name into anger, like he had done countless times before, and even THAT was impossible when faced with something so distressing and confusing.

Finally, he tried one last thing. He’d squeezed countless creatures to DEATH with his bare hands before, many of those creatures had been strong in their own right. Surely, that meant he could squeeze his own urine out. He moved one hand down against his taut, lower belly, and he mashed the flat of his palm against himself, certain that after being put under so much strain and pressure, his stream would have no CHOICE but to flow downwards.

But, it didn’t! And, instead of stunning relief, Vegeta was rewarded with nothing but blinding pain as his bladder was compressed and squashed, feeling like it was being shattered to bits. His cold sweat became a cold shower, and without noticing, he’d let out a grunt of misery.

“Vegeta…?” Nappa’s voice. “You hurt?”

“Shut up, Nappa!” Vegeta barked. He realized in that moment that there was only ONE thing worse than having somebody know that he was urinating; Having somebody know that he was TRYING to urinate and couldn’t do it.

“You finished?”

‘Hell no, I haven’t even started!’ Vegeta thought. Suddenly, he wanted to be really, REALLY far away from Nappa. He wanted as much distance between himself and the other Saiyan as he could get. If he could FLY, that would be easy, but he knew from past experiences that taking to the skies with a full bladder added a whole new degree to the desperation. If he did that NOW, when the pressure he was under was ALREADY so severe…

Again, an idea appeared to him. Maybe it would be a bad idea for HIM to fly right now, but he could still TELL Nappa to just get lost and leave him alone while he peed. But then, Nappa would probably ask him WHY, and Vegeta couldn’t think clearly enough to come up with a decent excuse, he’d have to give the REAL reason, and—

“Oh, I figured it out!” Nappa said suddenly. “You can’t go if someone else is there, right Vegeta?”

“Shut u—“

“I always wondered why I’ve never seen you piss, I guess that explains it.”

Vegeta had only JUST discovered this about himself, and it was ALREADY at the very top of his list of things he NEVER wanted to discuss. The words ‘you can’t’ ran circles inside his brain. Every echo of it hurt as badly as his bladder did. He was the MOST powerful member of his already powerful species, there weren’t supposed to be things that he couldn’t do! For there to be something he was incapable of was already devastating, but for that thing to be so SIMPLE that a child could do it with ZERO effort?! “God dammit, Na—“

“You want me to go away?”

Vegeta had never wanted anything more in his life. He wanted Nappa gone. And then he never wanted to SEE him again. Even being on the same planet as the other Saiyan would be too humiliating!

Nappa didn’t wait for Vegeta’s response before flying off in a random direction. Vegeta watched as he shrank into a small speck in the distance. Once Nappa had disappeared entirely, Vegeta was surprised by a hard rush of liquid and a sudden, immense drop in pressure that made it feel like something inside of him had just collapsed. He was finally urinating, and had to hurry to correct his aim so that he didn’t accidentally splash himself. It felt amazing to finally go, but the relief was so buried under his shame that he could hardly enjoy it.

Throughout the rest of the trip, Nappa seemed to want to be ‘supportive’ of Vegeta and his ‘problem’. Trouble was, Vegeta didn’t WANT support. He didn’t want this thing to be acknowledged or spoken about. But, every time they stopped, Nappa had to go off on some spiel about how he was going to ‘leave Vegeta lots of privacy now’, even when Vegeta insisted that he hardly had to go. It was infuriating, it was like he was being coddled over using the toilet, the exact opposite of the RESPECT Vegeta felt was due to him.

But, seeing as it looked like he really COULDN’T relieve himself if Nappa was near him, Vegeta was reluctantly grateful that the other left him alone…

The next really major issue with his problem happened on Namek. On a planet inhabited by a species that survived ENTIRELY on water, Vegeta had THOUGHT there would be plenty of restrooms. But, no. There were none. The Namekians may have drank tons and tons of fluid, but it seemed they had some OTHER method of ridding themselves of the extra afterwards. Several times while he searched for the dragon balls, Vegeta would find himself badly needing to go. As ever, he held out until it became painful, and then he’d have a Hell of a time finding somewhere to let it out. Shamefully, it appeared his problem had worsened, because he was suddenly struggling to void outdoors WITHOUT anyone nearby. Just… Being outside instead of at a toilet made it difficult.

He had some inkling of what may have caused the issue to intensify. Encountering Frieza, the one being in the galaxy that could make him feel… Feel… Feel the ‘twitchy’ thing without much effort, had put him more on edge. And he’d also just had his first… He’d gotten… He’d been badly defeated for the first time ever. Every time he stood somewhere, scrunching his eyes closed and trying to picture himself at a toilet, hoping that his holding muscles would manage to relax, Vegeta cursed Frieza and Kakarot. If Frieza weren’t somewhere here on Namek with him, if Kakarot hadn’t gotten inside his head… If it wasn’t for them, Vegeta would be able to go!

After Namek, he remained on Earth, where it was somewhat easier to manage his problem— And he was also able to keep it under wraps. He could find private facilities before his bladder became agonizing. He never had the need to tell anyone— not that he would ANYWAY— and as far as he could tell, nobody ever caught on, either.

His problem DID seem to be worsening on its own, though. When he found out Kakarot had achieved Super Saiyan form and not HIM, it had taken him close to ten minutes to finally urinate even while locked inside a VERY private stall with no one anywhere near him. Luckily, there weren’t any MAJOR incidents that managed to embarrass him TOO badly, though.

That was, until Kakarot came back to Earth, and everyone became focused on preparing for the arrival of the androids. Vegeta had his own plans for how he wanted to train for the battle, but first he needed to prove to himself that he COULD defeat Kakarot one-on-one.   Since, by that point, Kakarot had somehow gotten it into his incredibly thick head that he and Vegeta were FRIENDS, he happily agreed to a sparring match, one that he said would make both of them stronger.

The battle did not go as planned.

First, it had been a very long time since Vegeta had last voided. He’d been spending time with Bulma, one of Kakarot’s friends, lately. And they’d slept together the night before. Vegeta, unwilling to admit that this had actually been his FIRST time, had wound up telling some tall tales about past escapades. For reasons he could not understand, this got Bulma furious with him, and he’d been told to go sleep on the couch. Then, she’d locked the bedroom door.

This had displeased Vegeta, since he’d been intending to use the bathroom attached to it once Bulma had gone to sleep. He considered just BREAKING the door down, which he knew would be as easy as crumpling a sheet of paper. But, it would also be extremely noisy. No way Bulma would sleep through that. Their fight would reignite, and she’d be up, alert and, eventually, aware of what he needed to do.

There were other restrooms in the Capsule Corp building, only, when he walked around to FIND one, ALL of them had people nearby. Even at night, there were employees and scientists milling around, people who would SEE if he went into a bathroom.

He managed to sleep through the night despite the growing discomfort within his belly. He’d slept with a full bladder so many times now that it hardly ever kept him up anymore. But, when he woke on the couch, he was dismayed to find that his hands had worked themselves between his thighs as he’d slept. Vegeta stood, flinching as the liquid inside him was tossed and turned with the motion.

Perhaps Bulma had unlocked the bedroom at some point in the night. Maybe she was even still asleep. He tried the door, but it was still locked. He frowned. He had no idea what she had to be so angry about! HE was the one that was stuck out here, holding it!

Oh well. He definitely needed a pee break, but he’d held more than this before. Besides, his whole body was much stronger after his ordeal on Namek. That meant his holding muscles were as well. He could wait until Bulma got over whatever it was she THOUGHT he’d done.

He sat back down on the couch, inadvertently squeezing his bladder. In THIS room he was alone, so he let himself squirm impatiently. His feet tapped against the floor, and he gripped his hands over his bouncing knees. He kept an ear out for anyone who may have been approaching. He didn’t SENSE anybody, but that didn’t help his paranoia. No one would EVER get to see him fidget!

He was really hoping that Bulma would open the door and go… Just go somewhere else soon. He’d prefer to get his bladder drained before he had to meet up with Kakarot. Although, defeating him while holding back an ocean of urine would be even MORE impressive than just defeating him… No, Vegeta should save that for ANOTHER time, after he’d bested Kakarot NORMALLY once, then he could try doing it with additional obstacles in his way.

Time kept ticking though, and he grew more concerned that he wouldn’t have any OPTION but to try to fight Kakarot while he needed to pee. The door still hadn’t opened, and he knew the rest of the building would be even MORE crowded now that it was daylight.

One thing Vegeta REALLY hated about his bladder, apart from its complete refusal to OBEY him most of the time, was how it often seemed to take control of his brain. His bladder sent him the worst, most appalling ideas all of the time! Ideas that he would NEVER act upon and would be so ashamed of himself for even thinking of in the first place. As he sat there and waited, another of those ideas popped into his head. Kakarot had said they could spar in the woods near his house. Vegeta knew that, if he just ASKED for the facilities when he got there, Kakarot would say ‘yes’. Kakarot was so obsessed with this idea that they were friends that he wouldn’t even hesitate.

Vegeta was never going to ask Kakarot for ANYTHING, though. Not even if his very life depended on it. No matter how he phrased the question, it would feel like GROVELING to him. Vegeta would hold it until his bladder was the size of the moon before he asked Kakarot for the toilet.

He HOPED he wouldn’t even need to consider it, but as more time passed, Vegeta realized he was NOT going to get to pee before he had to leave. How long did Bulma need to sleep for, anyway?! Blasted woman… He hadn’t even DONE anything!

Vegeta started in the direction of Kakarot’s home. As ever, trying to fly with his bladder weighing him down wasn’t easy. He’d flown carrying heavy objects many times before, it had added extra challenge, but NOT in the same way flying while in need of the toilet did. A full bladder really messed with his entire body. Stretching out too far, not stretching out enough… Either way, his bladder felt squished in. To maintain his speed, he needed to keep his arms by his sides, his legs straight… But, his hands kept wanting to go to his groin, and his legs would cross against his will. The wind resistance just made it all worse, seeming to compress his bladder inwards.

He landed at his destination, his boots hitting the ground much too harshly. Tremors worked their ways up his legs, smashing hard into his bladder and causing it to quiver. Shifting slightly between his feet, he found himself dearly hoping that none of Kakarot’s attacks hit him in that area.

‘What are you thinking?!’ He asked himself angrily. ‘You can’t seriously be worried! You aren’t going to lose to Kakarot again, and no way in Hell are you going to lose to your own bladder!’ Vegeta shook his head, again reminding himself of WHO was actually in control. His bladder BELONGED to him, it was his PROPERTY, he OWNED it. It did NOT get to call the shots or stress him out.

Today was NOT about despairing over whether or not he could hold his pee— He COULD. Today was about beating Kakarot, and that was what he was going to do. Trying to force all thoughts of urination from his mind, Vegeta approached Kakarot’s front door. He still couldn’t believe a Saiyan warrior lived in a place like this. It was so ordinary, not befitting of their race at all. He knocked on the door.

Kakarot answered in that annoying, chipper tone he always used. “Hey, Vegeta! You ready?”

“Ye—“ Vegeta’s voice caught in his throat as he heard a toilet flushing inside the house. Behind Kakarot, Vegeta could see his rival’s half-breed child exiting the restroom. The walls of his bladder tingled with nervous tension. He cleared his throat. “Yes.”

Kakarot looked at him for a moment, tilting his head. “You sure? You have a weird look on your face.”

“I don’t,” Vegeta said. He could still hear water moving through the pipes of Kakarot’s house. He wanted to be far away from that noise, but at the same time he wanted to be closer to it. He wanted to shove past Kakarot, enter the restroom, free himself and drain his bladder until not a drop remained. If only it could be so simple for him. If only his body didn’t CARE if Kakarot’s family overheard the rush of his stream.

He knew what would happen if he tried to go now. He’d shove past Kakarot, enter the restroom, free himself and then hear Kakarot say something stupid. Something like “Oh wow, Vegeta, you must really need to go!” Kakarot’s woman would scoff about how rude his friends always were. Kakarot’s half-breed would probably just get needlessly concerned, lecture about how it was ‘unhealthy to hold it’. And even if none of that happened, even if all of them stayed quiet and didn’t comment, they’d still all be OUT there, they’d still be able to hear him. He still wouldn’t be able to go.

As he and Kakarot made their way into the forest, Vegeta tried to ignore the ever-growing, persistent urge for a nice, long piss. The trees tormented him further, dangling relief before his eyes that he knew was unobtainable for him. That was one of the most frustrating parts of this whole thing, his bladder kept RECOGNIZING places where he could void, and it always twisted around at the sight of them, its walls always started to squeeze inwards, it always made him FEEL like if he just took aim and TRIED, he’d be peeing right away. Yet, if he ever attempted to ACT on those feelings and actually go, he’d hit that same wall again and nothing would come out.

Of all the things he could struggle with, why did it have to be such a simple, biological need? He could blow up an entire city within seconds if he wanted to, but PEEING was a problem?

What he really hoped was that his present discomfort wouldn’t affect his fighting ability too much. Except, it was ALREADY affecting him just trying to WALK. Carrying his bladder felt like trying to balance a full glass of water atop the point of a pencil. If he leaned too much in any direction, the liquid inside him would roll and slosh and crash violently against the sensitive walls. Bending his knees was becoming difficult, his whole body was as tense as a wire, joints unwilling to move lest they disturb the rapidly filling bucket in his core and flip it over.

He allowed Kakarot to walk ahead of him. Not reaching the clearing first was worth it if it meant Kakarot didn’t get to see the way he was trembling, the sweat beading on his brow, the way his hips wouldn’t hold still and the way his hands kept fluttering uselessly around his waist. He longed to be back on the couch at Capsule Corp, where he at least had privacy. If he was there, he could squeeze himself and cross his legs, squirm in every direction. He could focus all of his energy just on quelling the pressure inside himself, none of it on keeping up appearances and preventing Kakarot from figuring out what was going on.

***

Goku was a little confused by Vegeta’s behavior. He hadn’t been boasting very much, hadn’t been antagonizing him. He’d been really quiet, actually. Vegeta was seldom ever quiet! And, he also wasn’t running ahead, trying to reach the clearing first even though neither of them had said anything about this being a race. Then there was that weird expression he’d made before they’d started walking. Kind of a cross between a wince and a grimace, like something was hurting him.

Vegeta did not appear injured, though. Didn’t have a scratch on him. Goku didn’t even think he’d DONE anything recently that COULD have hurt him. Goku supposed it WAS possible that Vegeta was sick, even being a Saiyan couldn’t stop a virus from infecting him. But, if Vegeta WAS sick, then this wasn’t a good time to try training with him.

Goku was disappointed by that idea, he’d been SO looking forward to this! He wouldn’t battle someone if they were ill though. Fights should be fair! He paused mid-stride. “Vegeta, are you feeling okay?”

“Of course I am,” Vegeta barked. “Don’t try to back out of this!”

“I wasn’t, I just…” Goku turned around to look at him. Vegeta was a LOT further behind him than he’d expected. And he REALLY didn’t look so good. He was hunched over a little, his legs shaking and knees rubbing together strangely. He was also really sweaty. Considering all they’d done so far was WALK, that didn’t make much sense.

Goku stared at him for a few seconds. He hadn’t turned pale, so that was a good sign. In fact, his face had more color in it than usual, deep redness in his cheeks. Goku didn’t think he’d ever seen him look that way before and wondered if he had a rash. Goku knew these woods really well, he knew which plants got people itchy. Vegeta hadn’t even been on Earth for THAT long. “You didn’t touch any plants with fuzzy leaves, did you?”

“Kakarot, WHAT are you talking about?”

“Your face is all bright red,” Goku told him. “I thought you had a rash.”

“M—My face is NOT red,” Vegeta snapped, palming his cheeks vigorously, as if he could wipe the coloration away.

“Is it itchy?”

“No,” Vegeta said. “Just leave me alone. Aren’t we there yet?”

“There’s not enough space to spar here,” Goku pointed out. “A few more minutes and there’ll be this big, open spot… You’re sure you can do this today, right? If this isn’t a good time—“

“Stop CHECKING on me,” Vegeta commanded. “I am your prince, I’ll say when it’s a good time for a battle.”

Goku shrugged and continued walking. He still wasn’t convinced that Vegeta was alright, but it was obvious the other wasn’t going to TELL him if something was wrong either. Goku so wanted Vegeta to see that he was a friend, he didn’t mean to make him so angry all the time, but it just kept happening.

He’d stay quiet for now. Hopefully, Vegeta would calm down, even if he DIDN’T ever tell Goku what was bugging him.

When he heard Vegeta let out an incredibly odd, strangled sound that Goku had never heard come of him before, it was VERY hard to not ask again, though. He’d heard Vegeta make lots of pained or angry grunts when he was fighting, but he had NEVER heard anything like that. The noise had sounded absolutely miserable, and almost… Pleading?

***

Vegeta kept walking, focused on putting one foot in front of the other. He couldn’t believe he’d let Kakarot see him blush. He hoped all the redness had faded from his cheeks now, but with how humiliated he felt, he doubted it. At least Kakarot had stopped asking him questions finally. Vegeta knew he could only say “It’s nothing, leave me alone!” so many times before he’d be forced to give some sort of answer.

The last half hour, his thoughts had been nothing more than a constant litany of ‘I need to piss!’ over and over again. He didn’t know if he could come up with a decent enough lie to satisfy Kakarot. And, no way in Hell could he tell him the truth.

They finally came into the clearing, and Vegeta felt exhausted before their fight had even begun. He WANTED to defeat Kakarot today. He just KNEW that, if he were at his full strength, he’d be able to. If it weren’t for his damned bladder making everything so much harder…

And now, of course, they’d stopped moving for a second. Kakarot was standing still and Vegeta was TRYING to do the same thing. What he hadn’t noticed was that the gentle back and forth motion of his steps had actually been HELPING him a little, the weight of his bladder had been allowed to move, so that it wasn’t constantly bearing down in one spot. Now, with both feet firmly on the ground, his opening was feeling the full brunt of his ocean.

He kept his legs pushed very firmly together, fists opening and closing at his sides in agitation. How was he supposed to fight like this? He couldn’t even kick without tempting his urine to come out, and all his most powerful attacks required a great deal of focus and concentration as he gathered his energy— Two things his bladder had stolen away.

Kakarot would have access to his full arsenal, HIS body wasn’t going to stop him from moving his legs, from controlling his chi. HE only had to fight against Vegeta. Vegeta had to fight against him and his bladder.

His bladder, so far, was proving itself an even more powerful opponent.

Kakarot was staring at him now from across the clearing, still wearing that obnoxious, puzzled look on his face. Kakarot shrugged then lowered himself into a battle stance.

Vegeta knew that HE was supposed to follow suit, but standing here with his legs squeezed against one another, member pinned closed between them, taking slow, careful breaths… The waters inside his bladder felt a little CALMER this way, any movement at all was going to send them into a frenzy again. He wanted to savor this moment of not-quite-so-painful desperation for a little while longer.

***

Goku stood up straighter again when he saw Vegeta wasn’t preparing himself to fight. Once more, he was confused. Vegeta KNEW what he was supposed to do right before they started sparring, but instead he was just standing there, kind of scrunched up, trembling…

Goku couldn’t fight someone when they looked like that! He remembered battles in the past where he’d foolishly trusted that an opponent was in no shape to continue, where he’d felt compelled to show mercy only for that opponent to come back at him and overpower him.

Goku had been trying NOT to get fooled like that again, but he just didn’t believe Vegeta WAS trying to catch him off-guard now. It didn’t make sense. He knew how badly Vegeta wanted to defeat him, and that he wouldn’t settle for doing it using such an underhanded method. That meant something really DID have to be wrong. But, WHAT?

The redness on his face had gone away, he still wasn’t pale and sickly, absolutely NOTHING had happened that could have given him an injury… He was just… All stiff, and shuddering. He looked, maybe, like he was cold…? Or…

A memory struck Goku then, and he was sure he knew EXACTLY what the issue was. A really long time ago, he’d been super shivery and twitchy at the start of a fight, too. It had been back when he was a kid, during his first quest for the dragon balls. He and Bulma had found one of the balls inside a village, and they were told they could have it if Goku rescued several girls that had been kidnapped by Oolong, the shape-shifting creature who’d been terrorizing the village.

The plan was for Goku to disguise himself as one of the girls and have the shape-shifter lead him to where he was keeping the other victims. Except, Bulma had shoved him into the dress before he could tell anyone that he actually REALLY needed to pee and couldn’t hold it much longer.

When Oolong arrived and saw him in the disguise, he HAD believed he was a girl. But, Goku had never, EVER needed to pee so badly before in his life. His whole body had been vibrating urgently, and he was starting to panic, worried that he’d actually have an accident.

Oolong had noticed his antsy movement and asked “Shiverin’, huh? You cold?”

Goku shook his head, wanting to shout that he just needed somewhere to pee NOW.

“I know! You’re scared of my looks, huh?” Oolong asked, before transforming himself from an ox creature into a handsome human man.

Bulma, who’d been watching all of that unfold, suddenly darted out and introduced herself to Oolong. She was really excited for some reason, Goku didn’t know why. He’d just known that no one was paying attention to him, so he took that as an opportunity to water a nearby tree.

Unfortunately, back then, Goku had had NO idea boys and girls usually peed differently from each other, so he completely blew his cover.

Vegeta was having that same problem right now. Just, HE was old enough that he didn’t want to rush off and do it without warning. That was all. Now that Goku was sure the issue wasn’t anything major, he relaxed.

It WAS just like Vegeta to not even SAY something, though. Goku could understand that a little less. Growing up, he HAD eventually learned that people weren’t supposed to just GO right out in the open and in front of each other— Though, that rule had taken time for him to get used to. But, as far as he understood, TELLING the person you were with that you needed to pee wasn’t bad.

Oh well. Vegeta was a weird guy, it made sense he’d be weird about this too. Wait, this was probably some sort of competitive thing, wasn’t it? Even though he was bursting, he wasn’t gonna pee until after Goku did. Yeah, that sounded like something he’d do. Goku could definitely help, then! “I gotta pee, Vegeta!” He said.

To Goku’s surprise, instead of relief, Vegeta’s face held dismay and more discomfort than ever. “That’s great, Kakarot,” he said. “Make it fast.”

Now, even more baffled, Goku stepped away and approached a tree. He looked back, Vegeta could definitely still see him, but this was PROBABLY still far enough. He opened his pants and started to relieve himself. Vegeta probably wasn’t gonna go until after he was FINISHED, only THEN would he consider this ‘challenge’ won. That was all it was, Goku was sure. So, he tried to go as fast as possible, pushing and making his stream hiss loudly.

***

Vegeta’s keen hearing easily picked up on the sound of Kakarot’s relief. When Kakarot’s urine started to spray at an even higher volume, Vegeta swore that the other was intending to torture him. He grit his teeth. If the state of his bladder wasn’t making him doubt his ability to fight, he’d be VERY much looking forward to blasting Kakarot away right now. As it was, he didn’t even know if he could manage to land a punch, everything was happening in slow-motion for him, time crawling. No way would he be able to react to things in time when they started fighting, all of his attention had to go towards not exploding his bladder.

When Vegeta overheard Kakarot SIGH, showing how GOOD it made him feel to piss, Vegeta’s fists tightened with fury. His bladder was the ONLY thing preventing him from going over there and decking Kakarot.

The only good thing was that he knew Kakarot did not have a single malicious bone in his body. Therefore, all of the torment he was putting Vegeta through now was completely unintentional, which meant Kakarot STILL hadn’t figured out that he needed to go. The certainty that his secret was REMAINING a secret helped him stay a little bit calmer.

Except, then Kakarot finally FINISHED and turned back around. He approached Vegeta’s side again and said, “Okay, done. You can go now.”

Shit. He COULD tell. He HAD noticed. What the Hell was Vegeta supposed to do now? He could pretend he DIDN’T need to pee, but if even the often oblivious Kakarot had noticed, it must have been REALLY obvious. He had to at least grant that he did, in fact, have to relieve himself. He could insist he could wait, but would Kakarot drop the subject? He’d probably say something about not wanting to fight him when he wasn’t in the best condition. No way could Vegeta forfeit a match just because he had to use the toilet.

All he knew for sure was that he could NOT tell Kakarot what his problem was. Not only would it be beyond humiliating, not only would it rip his pride to tatters, there was also NO chance whatsoever that Kakarot would understand it. Even if he broke it down into the most simple terms, Kakarot would NEVER manage to grasp the concept. Kakarot WOULD, however, ask question after question after annoying, embarrassing question. None of which would get Vegeta relief, all of which would make him feel… That way; The skittering, twitchy, cold feeling that he REFUSED to acknowledge ever happened to him.

So, Vegeta settled on something else. He would agree with Kakarot, he would go to the trees and he would… He would TRY at least, but really he’d just stand there and… And pretend to go. Then he’d come back, and try to act like he WASN’T still in need of anything.

B—Because, really, he WASN’T in need of anything! Vegeta didn’t HAVE needs. He was fine!

“A—Alright, I guess I’ll go,” Vegeta said, trying to act like it wasn’t a big deal. Like this wasn’t making his chest flutter, like the pounding of his heart was happening at a normal pace. He went up to the trees, he stepped further into them than Kakarot did, ensuring he was far enough away that Kakarot wouldn’t be able to see him. Hopefully far enough that Kakarot wouldn’t hear if, by some miracle, Vegeta managed to get something out.

He aimed, he spread his feet apart, he told himself this was fine. He was alone, no one would see. Kakarot KNEW what he was doing back here, but he reminded himself that Kakarot lacked a sense of shame, so really he was the last person in the galaxy whom Vegeta should feel… THIS around.

None of it worked though. That feeling. That awful, unnameable feeling grew so large and ferocious that it was well beyond ANYTHING Vegeta could hope to defeat. He badly needed to go, even now he was stepping lightly between his feet despite all of his pleas with himself to stop. He had to piss so much that his kidneys hurt, strong ripples and surges stretching them out inside his back, making it harder and harder for him to breathe. He wanted relief so fervently that he dreaded the finality of tucking his dick back away.

But, time was ticking, and he was very aware of that. Kakarot was waiting for him to come back and, as ever, the only thing worse than someone knowing that he was peeing was someone knowing that he was having TROUBLE peeing. He’d been back here MUCH longer than even the most desperate piss should have taken. Disappointed, but not shocked, he re-did his clothing and forced himself back towards the clearing.

He no longer thought he felt the pee sloshing. He didn’t think there was even enough vacant space left inside his bladder for the liquid ALREADY crammed there to move around too much. Again, he knew his holding muscles were strong (Now, he thought they may have been a little TOO strong, actually), but his bladder STILL had a set capacity. Any container would overflow eventually.

Even so, Vegeta wasn’t at all concerned that he may actually… May… Possibly… Might get… Wet. A few times on Namek, he’d been very, very desperate for some relief after holding it in for well over a day, he’d felt himself get fuller than he’d thought possible, he’d felt something searing and crumbling inside of him, he’d frozen, stunned and thinking that THIS was finally going to be it, that he was going to… Void before he was ready to…

But, he didn’t. Nothing came out of him. Instead, the awful, frigid tingles in his chest intensified, his heart beat loudly enough to block out all other sounds, the corners of his vision clouded over with black fuzz, and the most atrocious pain imaginable reverberated in shockwaves from beneath his ribs. At the time, the only thing he could compare that feeling to was when Kakarot’s half-breed crushed him while transformed into a Great Ape.

That feeling indicated to him that he probably couldn’t even have an ACCIDENT when he got like this. It seemed that, instead of his urine being forced down and OUT when his bladder got too full, it tried to move back UP, hence the sensation of his back being broken in half right around where his kidneys were located.

Even though he was reasonably sure he would NOT soil himself in front of Kakarot today no matter HOW bad it got, he didn’t want Kakarot to see him go through THAT, either. The times it had happened on Namek, Vegeta had been unable to hold in his reaction to the pain, and had yelled. As far as he knew, no one had HEARD it, but if he did it HERE in front of Kakarot, there would be questions.

Before leaving the cover of the trees, Vegeta allowed his hands to go down to his groin. He squeezed himself, crossed his legs, and rocked on his feet. He just had to stabilize this, had to remind his body who was in charge here. It hurt so bad, but he could hold it. He could hold it, and he could endure any agonies that entailed.

***

Goku stood in the clearing, wondering what was taking Vegeta so long. Well, he’d obviously been really, SUPER desperate, so then it probably just took him a while to get everything out.

He saw Vegeta return from the trees. He looked really tired, and was still walking funny. He wondered if the other held it for so long that he’d worn himself out, but that didn’t sound right. Goku had gotten real, REAL desperate lots of times, but always after he went, he felt all better and was back to full strength. He’d NEVER needed to pee so bad that he’d been exhausted once it was all over.

So then, WAS Vegeta actually just sick…?

“Feeling better now?” Goku asked, just to be sure.

“Fine,” Vegeta said. His voice sounded normal, certain…

“So, you still wanna fight?”

“Yes,” Vegeta said. “You’re not… Not backing down from this, Kakarot.”

“Okay,” Goku said happily. Surely, Vegeta was okay. He’d just fixed his problem, after all. And he’d been peeing for SO long, maybe he just needed a second to catch his breath afterwards! “Let’s do this!”

***

Vegeta managed, maybe, about two minutes of trying to fight Kakarot before everything started to become too much. He was able to throw a few punches, and somehow even got a kick in, the impact of which did way more to damage Vegeta than it did Kakarot. Kakarot barely flinched when Vegeta’s foot made contact, Vegeta meanwhile had to fight not to fall to the ground and double over as his bladder reacted like it had just undergone an earthquake.

Kakarot kept flinging punches and kicks, and Vegeta was glad he hadn’t moved onto any energy blasts yet. Vegeta’s ability to concentrate was just GONE, he was as capable of firing off his Galick Gun as he was of actually emptying his damn bladder.

The worst part was that, now that Kakarot thought he’d JUST relieved himself, Vegeta had to be even more careful than USUAL not to show any sign that he needed a piss. He could just hear Kakarot’s annoying voice now, “Um… Vegeta, didn’t you JUST go?” He could already hear the other needling at him, trying to force out an answer, an explanation… He was NOT getting one. EVER. Vegeta was NEVER going to speak his problem aloud, so long as it wasn’t spoken of, then there would still be NOTHING that Vegeta couldn’t do.

Then, one of Vegeta’s earlier worries came to fruition when Kakarot’s foot collided with the stone of his lower abdomen. He felt like something within him was cracking, a sharp crater being made in the surface of his bladder. He stumbled backwards, hands moving towards his crotch all on their own, legs bowing inwards. He managed to stop himself from gripping his member just in time, but the pressure was still so bad, and he WANTED to hold it, he NEEDED to, he was bursting, he was too full, it was too—

Like a geyser of bubbling acid, he felt pain spew upwards within his body, he felt the heinous twisting agony screaming away beneath his ribs, just like those awful moments on Namek, and the torment was so sudden and intense that once again he couldn’t lock the yell back behind his teeth. He doubled over, barely having the presence of mind to spin around, face AWAY from Kakarot, before he finally dug his hands in between his legs.

“Whoa,” Kakarot said, backing away as well. “I— I didn’t even think I hit you THAT hard!”

And THAT… That was the LAST thing he needed to hear right now! “Shut. Up. Kakarot…” He breathed out between squeaking whimpers that he could barely even believe were coming from him.

“And, you felt FIRMER there than last time we fought, so you should be stronger…”

He just kept talking! Normally, THAT comment may have actually made Vegeta feel almost good, an acknowledgement that he’d buffed up even more, that his strength was growing. But, he KNEW the firmness Kakarot had felt had NOT come from muscle, it had come from a bloated barrel of liquid that was so full it was turning to rock.

“What’s…”

Vegeta could still SENSE Kakarot’s movement even if he wasn’t looking at him. He knew Kakarot was coming closer, and in a moment would see where his hands were positioned. He tried to budge them away, but his bladder BEGGED for that pressure to remain. Just… Anything to take the horrific edge off.

“Ohhhhh,” he heard Kakarot say, dawning comprehension.

Dammit, he’d seen. He’d seen, and he KNEW. He knew Vegeta still had to go and, thus, that something had PREVENTED him from doing it earlier. He was going to ASK…

“I definitely wasn’t trying to hit you THERE!” Kakarot said. “Not what I was aiming for, I promise!”

Oh… Okay. Kakarot just thought his kick had landed LOWER. Slightly less embarrassing. THAT was still a major weak spot, even for a Saiyan. “Watch… What you’re doing, Kakarot,” Vegeta growled, playing along. The only problem NOW was that he still couldn’t move his hands.

“Wanna keep going? Do you need a minute, or—“

Vegeta doubled over further as more acidic sensations entered his back. This was really, really bad. More surges of agony were moving upwards through his body, and it no longer felt like he needed to urinate anymore. He felt something akin to what he’d experienced in the moments before Frieza struck him dead, laying there on the ground in unfathomable pain, barely capable of movement. Without even one scratch on him, Vegeta actually felt like he was dying.

Kakarot kept staring, too, making it worse. Making everything worse. “Ummmm… Vegeta, I thought you peed a few minutes ago?”

“Shut. Up.”

“It’s just, now it looks like you still have to…”

“Kakarot, this doesn’t concern you.”

“But, you’re my friend—“

“We aren’t—“

“— I’m not gonna fight you when you need to pee so bad that you can’t even stand up. There’s no point.”

‘I can’t,’ Vegeta thought, his two least favorite words. If only there was some way to explain it, some way to get this across without having to admit to his failure.

“I don’t get it, why didn’t you go earlier? You were gone for so long, I was sure you must have, but now you’re so—“

“Kakarot, just… Enough, alright?” Vegeta said. “I’m not discussing this with the likes of you.”

“Exactly,” Kakarot said. “We’re not gonna talk about it, you’re just gonna GO before you hurt yourself.”

“Ka—“

“Can you even WALK now? Just do it right here, I won’t tell anyone.”

Oh, shit… No. Over nine thousand times no.

When Vegeta made no attempt to obey, Kakarot asked “Wait, I know… Your zipper won’t move, right? That’s why you didn’t go before? I’ll he—“

“Do you honestly believe I can’t just RIP off a zipper!?”

“No, but I figured you wouldn’t want to destroy your clothes, and—… But, it’s NOT your zipper, then?”

“It’s nothing.” Vegeta wished he could focus for long enough to gather some of his chi. He wanted to fire something at Kakarot NOW, just so he could be left alone, just so he’d never have to SAY—

“Vegeta, I don’t understand what’s—“

“Good. I don’t want you to.”

“But, you’re my friend, and I’m sure whatever it is isn’t a big deal.”

Not a big deal…? Vegeta felt like he’d taken fifty blasts to his kidneys because he couldn’t take a PISS and Kakarot had the nerve to say it wasn’t a big deal!?

“Can’t you just tell me?”

“No, I’m not telling you, so just stop,” Vegeta ordered. “If you’re done fighting, just go home.”

“Not until you feel bett—“

“I’ll feel better if you GO HOME.”

And then Kakarot was gazing down at him with a new expression. Vegeta grimaced. If he was going to be made to feel bad for hurting his feelings now… At least Kakarot had finally shut up, even if he wasn’t leaving.

But, of course, the silence couldn’t last long.

“Oh, okay,” Kakarot said. “I think I figured it out! Is it that you can’t pee if someone’s near you?”

Vegeta was dismayed that, with all the techniques he’d learned, he still lacked the ability to turn someone into dust by glaring at them hard enough. He said nothing, he was too ashamed to even open his mouth.

“That’s it, right?” Kakarot asked. “When I was little, I didn’t know I was supposed to knock on the bathroom door, so I’d just go right in any time I had to pee. Bulma kept yelling at me ‘cause she said she can’t go in front of me… Is this the same thing? You just can’t—“

“Stop saying that ‘I can’t’!” Vegeta demanded. “I just… Don’t say it.”

“Um… Okay. I won’t say that, then… But, uh, if you want to pee, and it’s just hard ‘cause I’m here, I can go really far away for a few minutes. Would that—“

“It’s… It’s not just having people near me,” Vegeta said. “It’s having them KNOW that I’m…”

“Er… Well, there’s not much I can do about that, I mean, I know now…” Kakarot said. “But, I’m good at forgetting things. Probably won’t even think about this again after today.”

That wasn’t nearly enough. Kakarot had seen him like… THIS… Crumpled over, clutching himself, jumping from foot to foot as he tried to calm his bladder down. Beyond that, Kakarot had figured out his PROBLEM. He KNEW that Vegeta sometimes got… that feeling of cold bugs running around beneath his skin. The one that he could never let himself name, because to name it would be to give it more power.

Worse, he knew that Vegeta had that feeling when he just needed to pee…

“It’s not a big deal,” Kakarot told him again. “Do you want me to leave?”

Vegeta forced himself to nod, shuddering hard, he felt like he was breaking down. He felt like he was coming undone. His body was dismantling itself, his bladder had won, his pride was shattered as he became singularly focused just on getting rid of all the awful pressures filling him up.

“When should I come back?”

‘Never,’ Vegeta thought. Shamefully, he tried to give a reasonable estimate of when he might actually be done, factoring in all the time it was sure to take for him to even get STARTED. “Ten minutes.”

“Alright,” Kakarot said. “See you then.” He flew off, ensuring that he was indeed going to be FAR away from Vegeta as he (hopefully) relieved himself.

Once Kakarot had disappeared from his field of vision, Vegeta readied himself to piss once again. He moved his feet apart, and aimed between them. Nothing happened at first, apart from the crushing aches in his back intensifying. He squeezed his eyes closed, and tried to picture a place where he would never have ANY trouble going.

He imagined the restroom attached to Bulma’s room, the one he WOULD have used last night had he not… Been an asshole. Had he not taken the moments after their tryst together to brag about conquests he hadn’t ever actually made. Of course she’d gotten mad, and he hadn’t even had a good reason to DO it… If he’d kept his mouth shut, if he hadn’t felt the need to bolster himself for just FIVE minutes, he would have been able to relieve his bladder last night just fine.

Maybe… Maybe he’d apologize to Bulma. He’d never apologized for ANYTHING before, and he cursed this planet for making him soft…

Anyway, yes, if he was in that restroom now, if the door was locked, if Bulma was sound asleep in the bed… If all of that were true, there would be nothing stopping him from urinating. He felt a snap from within his pelvic region, that was usually how it started. A bright, fiery sting that he’d need to force himself to lean into, lest everything start all over again.

Then, a slow dribble seeped sluggishly from his tip. Vegeta struggled to decide which part of his problem was actually the worst, but this had to be close to the top of that list. Whenever he finally got started, the beginning to his release was always weak and pitiful, tormenting him more than it relieved him. And, if he didn’t REALLY concentrate, if he didn’t REALLY push and try to KEEP the dribble flowing, it would stop entirely and he’d be back to holding everything in again. Even once something was coming out, it STILL wasn’t finally time to relax.

He bore down on his pelvic muscles, trying SO hard to prevent the flow from ceasing. It burned as it ebbed out, stung his most sensitive area, he bit back another yell, wishing that his stream would just pick up, that it would start gushing, that it would finally make him feel good.

Why had he wanted to use the dragon balls just to wish for immortality?! He SHOULD have wanted to wish for a cure to THIS. Living forever wouldn’t even be WORTH it if the unavoidable task of pissing always had to turn into these awful ordeals.

Finally, after a few more seconds of barely letting out anything at all, he felt another shift inside his body, and at last he was urinating for real. At last, he felt something that didn’t hurt. He felt a meteoric drop in pressure, and a subtle easing of the torment in his back. His body continued to twitch, shivering from head to toe as waves of agony transformed into the pleasure of relief. He was going… Finally, finally he was going… He let out a heavy sigh, despite his effort to hold it back. His toes curled inside his boots. It felt so good, it felt too good…

His stream thundered, gushing angrily, spraying the ground with tremendous force. The hissing noise it produced was ear-splitting, and he grew nervous that, no matter how far away Kakarot had flown, he’d be able to hear it. The good thing was, once Vegeta REALLY started pissing like this, few things could make him lock back up again, his bladder would carry on draining and shrinking until it was nice and empty.

The dirt between his feet was turning to mud, and he wouldn’t be shocked if he managed to kill the grass with how much he was letting out. While his bladder had a finite amount of space inside it just like anyone else’s, in the time he’d spent on Earth he’d realized that even humans with large bladders couldn’t come close to matching the capacity of a Saiyan with a small one. And since Vegeta was POSITIVE he had one of the largest bladders in the history of his race, AND he’d just filled himself to his brim, he was going to be here a long, long time.

He didn’t mind, one good thing to come out of his problem was that, with every piss he took being urgent and desperate, it was always VERY enjoyable to let it out. He wanted to feel this way for as long as he could. This time though, his piss continued blasting out for so long that it shocked even him. It was rare that he became startled by his own strength, but it really WAS stunning he’d been able to fit so much inside himself. No wonder it had hurt so badly…

It took over four minutes for his stream to slow back down, and then ANOTHER full minute before he was completely finished. Over a day’s worth of piss finally released, and Vegeta felt so much lighter that he stumbled as he put his clothing back together again.

He had to wait a few more minutes for Kakarot to return, long enough for him to start feeling embarrassed by the size of the foaming puddle he’d made in the grass, rather than prideful. It was so huge and obvious! A clear indication that he’d NEEDED to go, that he’d NEEDED to do something, and that his body had a LIMIT.

If Kakarot commented on it…

But, of course, he DID. “Wow, poor Vegeta…” Kakarot said, looking down at the immense pool of liquid Vegeta had formed. “You REALLY had to pee, that musta hurt!”

“Alright,” Vegeta snapped. “Let’s fight, I’m gonna make you regret your words!”

***

Vegeta and Kakarot never spoke of the problem again, which Vegeta was very grateful for. He actually believed Kakarot HAD seriously just forgotten about it like he’d predicted. He was also certain Kakarot hadn’t mentioned it to anyone else, since no one ever made any type of comment to him about it.

He did seem to be lucking out a lot, too. Vegeta would hold it in for ages like he always did if he was around Kakarot and the others, but they always had a reason to leave him alone right around when his limit was approaching. Kakarot would say he sensed something, or mention a new training location, and they’d head off, granting Vegeta the opportunity to say he’d catch up in a minute and relieve himself without anyone knowing.

There were still incidents, of course. When he found out he was going to become a father, that… stupid, maddening feeling lingered around him nearly 24/7. He actually ended up leaving Earth for a bit to try to get away from it. He managed to attain Super Saiyan form in space, but the way he did it was so humiliating that he had to come up with a lie to tell others.

He’d been training and trying to block out all thoughts of what was happening on Earth, all thoughts of his child— NOT his child, not really. He could just disappear forever, he could just never go back to Earth…

Inevitably, he had to relieve himself, and was glad he was training on a planet that was literally deserted. Certain he couldn’t have any problems when he was COMPLETELY alone, he tried to just let it out.

But, that feeling had followed him from Earth, and it twisted and tangled its way around him, preventing him from urinating.

He’d gotten frustrated, but decided to wait and try again later when he needed to go worse.

Later, the same thing happened.

And then again.

And again.

After he’d gone two entire days without voiding in spite of his complete solitude, something in him snapped like it never had before and his body became flooded with new endorphins and a very powerful anger.

The first time he went Super Saiyan, it was because he was more furious at his disobedient bladder than he’d ever been at anything else before in his life— Which was saying a LOT.

He was finally able to go after that, leading him to discover that the urine of a Super Saiyan steams.

He ended up going back to Earth, if only to show Kakarot that he was no longer the only Super Saiyan that existed. He tried his best not to even entertain the idea that the birth of his son had had anything to do with his decision.

His problem REALLY kicked up later, when he was training inside the Hyperbolic Time Chamber. A person could spend one year inside of it while only a single day passed on the outside, making it the perfect place to train to fight their next foe. Vegeta insisted on going in alone, taking care to emphasize that he only wanted to do it that way because HE could handle such a place without anyone alongside him— It had NOTHING to do with not wanting to spend an entire year locked up in a place with another person when he didn’t know what the restroom situation would be!

But, that add to the amount of time needed for everyone to get a turn. Vegeta HAD to go with someone, and apparently something about the look on his face must have jogged Kakarot’s memory.

He gave his first indication that he DID, in fact, recall Vegeta’s problem. “Oh, you’re worried about—“

“—About the other person distracting me, yes!” Vegeta interrupted.

Kakarot told him to head in with the time traveler, whom Vegeta had learned was actually his son from the future. Perhaps Kakarot was thinking Vegeta would have fewer problems around someone that was technically family, but the opposite was true.

Vegeta didn’t know if the version of himself from Trunks’s timeline had ever made mention of the problem to the boy. He didn’t know if Trunks had ever just figured it out somehow. He didn’t know if Trunks KNEW, and that drove him nuts. And, of course, he couldn’t just ask. If he said something, and Trunks actually DIDN’T know, then he would have admitted the issue for no reason!

The first time Trunks needed a pee break, Vegeta was assailed on all sides by that irritating feeling, certain that Trunks was talking about pissing just to embarrass him— Certain that Trunks KNEW.

Vegeta was unable to relieve himself any time that Trunks was awake. No matter how far away from the toilet Trunks was, Vegeta couldn’t even bring himself to approach it unless he was asleep. Vegeta became painfully desperate a number of times, but he endured every single throb.

After the Cell Game and Kakarot’s death, and in the years of peace that followed, there weren’t many incidents, but he did actually admit his problem to someone; Bulma. When Trunks was a toddler, the woman just would NOT stop nagging him about getting the brat potty trained. He insisted that this task was HER job, and NOT his, but that just made her shout at him more.

She made him follow all the stupid steps in the parenting book she’d gotten. And he DID follow them, he used the ugly sticker chart, he put Trunks on the potty every half hour, he told him he’d done a good job when he used it. The only thing he DIDN’T follow was the part that said it was helpful for the child to see its same-sex parent go. Even a toddler— Even his OWN toddler— was someone Vegeta could never urinate in front of. The young Trunks just reminded Vegeta too much of the adult version from the future he’d gotten to know. And of the nerve wracking year in the time chamber with him, where he’d become so convinced that he knew Vegeta’s inadequacy and was judging him for it.

Bulma realized he was skipping that step of the process and started badgering him to do it. After Trunks had a few accidents, she INSISTED that he follow EVERY part of the book. Vegeta had refused and absolutely wouldn’t tell her why. “What? Do you want everyone to believe that the Prince of all Saiyans doesn’t pee?!” She snapped mockingly.

Vegeta didn’t respond, hating that that kind of WAS how this whole problem had gotten started in the first place.

“It’s not like I’M gonna watch you,” Bulma said. “He’s just two, he won’t even remember it! Set your pride aside for—“

“It’s something else!”

“Really.”

Vegeta blanched, cupping a hand over his mouth, unwilling to believe what he’d just said.

“Well?” Bulma asked, impatient. “Care to tell me what it is?”

Vegeta looked away, started for the door.

“Oh no, you aren’t leaving,” Bulma gripped his arm.

“I could launch you halfway across the galax—“

“But, you’re not going to,” Bulma said, and the certainty in her tone was just so… So… Infuriating! “You’re going to tell me what— Why is your face so red?”

“I— It’s not!” Vegeta insisted. “But, I’m not doing what you’ve—“

“Why.”

“Because I ca—“ Vegeta gulped down hard. No. He would NEVER say those words. “It’s difficult for me to… do THAT if someone is—“

“Oh…” Bulma blinked at him. She certainly hadn’t been expecting THAT. But, looking back, she realized she hadn’t ever seen him pee… Or even head into the restroom. Come to think of it, when DID he go?!

“If you tell anyone, I’ll—“

“I’m not going to,” Bulma said.

And she didn’t, thankfully. Unthankfully, she did seem to think it was pretty funny herself. She discovered that it was an easy button to push, any mention of it and Vegeta would skulk off angrily and not come back for hours. It was a simple way to get some alone time. “You’ve destroyed planets, but…” and here she would snort a laugh. “But, a urinal is too much for you!”

And Vegeta would stomp away, go to the gravity chamber and build his muscles until he could barely think anymore. Blasted woman… The urinal was, by far, the worst invention the Earthlings had ever come up with! This was the only planet he’d been on that had such things. On CIVILIZED planets, if toilets existed they were always in private rooms, as they SHOULD be.

Bulma did eventually tire of making jokes at his expense, though. Or at least, there were fewer occasions where she’d want to drive him away.

After the defeat of Buu and Kakarot’s return to the world of the living, Vegeta had a slightly irritating concern that continually gnawed at the back of his brain. Kakarot and Bulma were the only two beings alive who knew of his problem. Bulma was also Kakarot’s oldest friend. What if the two of them ever got together and talked about ‘it’?!

Even with no sign that the two HAD discussed it, Vegeta was unable to stop thinking about the possibility, and the shame grew.

It grew so much that, when Kakarot invited him to spar again for the first time since he’d come back to life, Vegeta had another terrible instance of desperation. The awful, twitchy feeling had been flooding his whole body, preventing him from getting relief even at home, and even when he couldn’t sense any person’s chi near the door to the restroom. In spite of being totally alone and free to urinate, his bladder just remained welded shut. And, because he couldn’t go, he was hit with wave after wave of shame over how he couldn’t go, which made it more impossible to go. It was a cycle he’d grown accustomed to, and he knew the only solution was to wait it out.

Just like that day years ago, Vegeta had no intention of standing Kakarot up. It had been ages since he’d last emptied his bladder and he was deeply uncomfortable, but he was used to that as well. Needing to urinate was the norm for him, that was why he could typically ignore it for so long. The pressure was always there, always throbbing away between his hips, and he could live with it. He had to live with it. He always had.

He flew to Kakarot’s home, realizing that he’d gotten a bit better at flying with a bloated bladder. After the days he’d spent sparring with Trunks in the time chamber while his insides were full to bursting, his body must have gotten used to doing strenuous things while holding back the tide.

***

Goku waved to Vegeta after he spotted him in the sky. He was so excited for today, it had been so long since he’d gotten to fight with his friend— Especially just for fun! They didn’t have any great evil to prepare for, no new foe to face, they were just going to spend time together. He hoped Vegeta was looking forward to this as much as he was!

Goku was positive Vegeta really DID consider him a friend now, he just didn’t like to admit it. Vegeta was silly like that, he didn’t like to share his feelings— His real ones, anyway. He kept those hidden. That was why Goku was glad they’d had to fuse to fight Buu, because when they were fused, Goku had heard all of Vegeta’s true thoughts, including the ones about how they were friends.

Vegeta landed, and Goku noticed the shaking in his left leg straight away. His brow furrowed. Ever since that day years ago when they’d been preparing for the androids, Goku hadn’t forgotten about Vegeta’s pee issue. He always quietly paid attention to Vegeta’s mannerisms and posture, concerned that his friend might manage to injure himself outside of battle simply by holding it too long.

He’d sort of learned how Vegeta acted when he had to go. He started to get shaky and twitchy, he’d look like he was buzzing, his fists would clench needlessly, his feet would tap… Goku was impressed with himself for being able to tell before Vegeta’s need got so bad that he had to do the embarrassing dance he’d seen him do THAT day.

And, because Goku could tell when Vegeta’s urge was just STARTING to get serious, he kept coming up with excuses to get everyone AWAY from Vegeta for a bit so he could pee. He was even prouder that he’d been able to do that SO many times without ONCE accidentally telling someone what his real goal was.

He’d even been kind of worried the last few years that, with him not around, Vegeta had been having more difficulty getting privacy.

He, of course, recognized Vegeta’s current tension for what it was. Something must have been preventing him from peeing for a while. And, any other day, Goku would be able to help pretty quickly. Any other day, he’d tell Vegeta that Chi-Chi wanted something and head inside. Then, he’d tell Chi-Chi, Gohan and Goten that he wanted them to come fishing with him or something, so they’d all leave the house. The house vacant, Vegeta could go in and relieve himself.

But, today, the toilet was broken. Goku had offered to fix it, except Chi-Chi had just gotten this horrified look on her face and said that she’d have her dad come over to do it instead. He wouldn’t be there for a few more hours.

So now, faced with his uncomfortable friend, Goku wasn’t sure what to do. Maybe if he just went inside for a few minutes, Vegeta would be okay using a tree? Or were they too close to the house for that to work?

“Vegeta—“

“Are you ready to fight me or not, Kakarot?” Vegeta interrupted. “Let’s go.”

***

Vegeta followed Kakarot down the same trail they’d taken many times. Tension flared up inside him as it struck him exactly how bad he had to go. He generally monitored his fluid intake very carefully, to forestall an emergency for as long as possible. But, since he’d been spending time at home and the world was so peaceful, he hadn’t thought anything would happen to keep him from going when he wanted, so he’d been drinking enough to actually quench his thirst.

He hadn’t expected his own traitorous emotions to plug his bladder closed even when granted the utmost solitude. His need for the bathroom had increased in just the short time it had taken him to fly here. He could already feel the stretching sensation, the weight in his lower abdomen pushing out and forwards. There was even a warning thrum creeping steadily up his back, an indication that the worst pain of all would befall him soon if he didn’t find some way to get this taken care of.

He dreaded that sensation. It had been a while since he’d last let it get that bad, but he’d never forget how it felt. Ten million chi blasts straight into his kidneys, before they were lit on fire and rubbed with salt. Right now, his back was merely stinging, but soon he knew, it would be torturing him.

They arrived at the clearing, and Vegeta tried to convince himself that he could still fight this way. Since the back pain was still only mild, instead of excruciating, that meant he could keep going.

Kakarot stood at the other side of the clearing, paused, and said “Whoops, I hear Chi-Chi calling me. Do you mind waiting here for a few minutes?”

He didn’t wait for a response before taking off.

Vegeta stood there, shifting his weight uncertainly. He hadn’t heard Chi-Chi at all, and his hearing was JUST as good as Kakarot’s!

Maybe the rush of urine in his ears was blocking out all other noise, though.   At least he was alone now, he could give his bladder one more chance to empty itself while he waited. He stood at a tree and readied himself to go, trying to take steady breaths, trying to calm himself, trying to chase away that… feeling which didn’t even belong on the same planet as him!

Last week, Bulma and Kakarot had been together. What had they talked about? Had they talked about him? Had they laughed at him?

Vegeta’s bladder screamed, knotting itself up into a tangled mess, squeezing in all directions. He just wanted all of this fluid gone, it was too much, it hurt. He wanted to be able to destroy Kakarot today… Okay, maybe not ‘destroy’, but knock him out at least. He couldn’t fight like this, he couldn’t fight when his entire midsection became one, big weak-spot and even the smallest hit would make him crumple over in defeat.

“Dammit… Dammit…” He muttered. “I’ve had more than enough of this…”

***

After about ten minutes of wandering around the forest, Goku figured Vegeta was probably finished. He strode back towards the clearing, satisfied once more that he’d managed to help his friend out without embarrassing him. Except, when he reached the clearing, he saw Vegeta huddling up near a tree, still twitching and trembling like he did when he was bursting to go. “Vegeta…?”

Vegeta jumped back, hurriedly fumbling with his clothes, face tinted bright red.

That was odd… He hadn’t even sensed Goku’s chi? Goku hadn’t been trying to suppress it at all, Vegeta must have been really focused on… Other things.

“K—Kakarot!” Vegeta exclaimed. “Took you long enough. What? You feeling scared?”

“Vegeta, are you oka—“

“Just fine!” Vegeta snapped. “Let’s—“ His voice broke at the same moment his legs snapped painfully together, ankles rubbing. “Let’s—“

“I don’t want to embarrass you, but do you have to pee?”

Vegeta went silent and turned away. Goku watched him standing there, knees anxiously knocking, upper body growing tenser and tenser.

“Guess that’s a yes…?”

“Kakarot, I’m not talking about this with the likes of you,” Vegeta said firmly. “Whether or not I need to… ‘pee’, as you put it, is no concern of yours.”

“I’m just worried. I left so you’d have privacy, but you still need to go?”

Vegeta’s heart beat rapidly. Kakarot had been able to tell right away like that? How… How long had he been able to pick up on the ‘signs’ so easily?

Kakarot was… He was a highly trained and experienced fighter. He knew how to anticipate an opponent’s movement, he knew how to analyze each and every thing they did, no matter how small.

Of course he could notice something like THIS in someone he battled so often. Kakarot could probably tell that Vegeta had to relieve himself from the very first second the urge hit him.

Kakarot knew what was going on— He knew every last, little detail— There was no sense in trying to deny it. “I have had some difficulties today, but you shouldn’t concern yourself.”

Goku disagreed. “Well, I’m not going to fight you when you have this going on,” he said. “We have to get IT taken care of first.”

“Kakar—“

“What is it? Did it get worse while I was gone? Can you not go outside anym—“

“I can go outside if no one is near me!”

“Was I too close? Could you still sense m—“

“No, I just haven’t been able to go today,” Vegeta said. “That happens sometimes.”

Goku stared at him, dumbfounded. How could he SAY something like that as if it were normal? Vegeta regularly just had… Had days where he couldn’t pee? Did he just wait them out, accept it for what it was? “Because… Nobody leaves you alone? Or…”

“I don’t know why,” Vegeta lied. He knew exactly why. He knew it was because of the things he thought about, and the way those things made him feel. Kakarot didn’t even DESERVE to know that, though. His bladder pulsated so viciously and violently that his hands were forced against his crotch. His entire body burned with sick humiliation.

Goku didn’t feel comfortable fighting Vegeta like this, nor did he want to send his friend home until after this was resolved. He wished he could think of some kind of solution, but since he didn’t even know WHY Vegeta was struggling so much, that was hard to do.

He wished he could just pee FOR Vegeta. Goku never had trouble getting it out, it was EASY for him. It was too bad there was no way to trade bladders with him for a minute!

Wait.

They couldn’t swap organs, but they could do something kind of similar! There actually WAS a way Goku could take care of Vegeta’s need for him! “Vegeta, we have to fuse.”

Vegeta glowered, not even looking up from his tapping feet. “WHY exactly? There is no one to defeat.”

“Not to fight…” Kakarot said. “I meant… Maybe we should just fuse.”

Vegeta, for the first time in ages, managed to go still. He stared at the other, wondering if he’d heard correctly. “Why would I just fuse with you? Especially NOW of all times?”

“When we’re fused, we combine abilities, right?” Kakarot said. “And, since I don’t have any trouble peeing—“

“Are you kidding me? If I have difficulty doing this with you NEAR me, why the Hell would it be easier if I’m FUSED with you?!”

“Like I said, because I don’t have that problem.”

Was Kakarot trying to imply that he was even better at PISSING than Vegeta was?! Was he trying to say that he’d surpassed his rival even at the most basic of functions?! “So, because you lack the pride of a Saiyan and are willing to disgrace yourse—“

“I don’t think it’s disgraceful. You shouldn’t, either. This is probably why you have so much troub—“

“Kakarot, just be quiet,” Vegeta grumbled. “I don’t want to discuss this matter any further. You probably don’t even have the earrings, do you?”

“No,” Kakarot admitted. “But, that isn’t the only way to fuse.”

“If you think I’m going to do that ridiculous dance—“

“You’ve already been doing a dance for a while,” Kakarot pointed out.

“… Consider yourself very lucky that my hands are needed elsewhere.”

Vegeta’s words did pose a problem to Goku, though. Was Vegeta capable of performing the fusion dance at the moment? He was hunched, shaking and didn’t even look like he could WALK very well without some type of assistance. His odds of success were going to plummet the longer he waited, too. “We should go ahead and try it now, if we’re Gogeta, I’m sure we can do this.”

“Absolutely not,” Vegeta scoffed. “The last thing I need is to be STUCK with you. This plan is moronic.” He kept denying the offer, kept insisting it wouldn’t work. But, inside his body was searing, bladder pulling out all the stops to try and convince him that it WAS a good idea. Kakarot COULD piss just about anywhere, having Kakarot get rid of all this liquid FOR him would feel a lot better than continuing to squirm and writhe against it.

The aches in his back continued their upward climb, growing sharper and more acidic. They burned and stung at him, the area beneath his ribs igniting with a serious raging fire. The pain kept moving, spreading out to encompass his entire abdomen. He could no longer feel Kakarot’s chi, even though they were right beside one another; The horrid torture taking place inside his body overpowered all other sensations.

Still, he refused to acquiesce to Kakarot’s suggestion.

His refusal lasted only about ten more seconds before the worst thing imaginable happened. The burning stabs in his kidneys increased ten-fold, and stings of heat moved down through him, so fast he couldn’t react. Next thing he knew, his sphincters were twitching, shuddering, being battered by a tremendous pressure… And he leaked.

He actually leaked.

For the first time in many, many years, a small unwanted spurt of urine seeped into Vegeta’s clothing. He swore his heart actually stopped for a second, he tightened his grip and nothing else seemed to be slipping out, but… He’d still— He’d wet himself. Just a little, yet still too much for him to tolerate. The world seemed to spin as his mind processed the disgraceful, awful thing he’d just done, and tried to come up with a way to prevent any further humiliation from taking place.

He hadn’t let enough out for anyone else to see, but what if he leaked again? He had to get everything out properly before more spilled on its own. Except, he hadn’t been able to go here in the forest, and he didn’t know if he could… If he could ‘make it’ anywhere else at this point. He had to get this taken care of right where he was, and if HIS body wasn’t going to let him do it, maybe that meant he needed a different one.

“Fine…” he said at last. “We can try fusing.”

When they’d learned to fuse to defeat Janemba, their first attempt had gone awry as Vegeta had performed the dance incorrectly. The main reason he’d messed it up was because of how vehemently he didn’t WANT to fuse. The dance was humiliating, being stuck with Kakarot was infuriating, the whole thing was beneath him!

The dance he was doing now, desperately trying to stop any further leakage, was doubtlessly even more embarrassing than the stupid fusion one. Furthermore, loathe as he was to admit it, Vegeta really DID want to fuse this time— He wanted to do anything that could potentially get rid of the roaring flames blazing inside his kidneys.

Performing the fusion dance was not easy, however. His legs didn’t want to come apart, and when he finally managed to pry them away from one another, he felt a droplet collecting on his tip. It took everything he had not to yell at Kakarot to hurry up.

Goku watched Vegeta’s movements, and was surprised with how seriously he seemed to be taking the fusion dance this time. His discomfort and irritation was visible on his face, but he DID seem to be putting a real effort into performing the steps correctly, ensuring that they were able to properly form Gogeta on their first try.

For the first second, the fusion just stood there as both its counterparts struggled to adjust to new feelings.

Goku could barely believe what he was experiencing. His mind scrambled, trying to come up with anything he could compare it to. Maybe, if he had on all his weighted clothing, and the massive turtle shell Roshi had had him wear when he was younger, AND was inside the gravity chamber, maybe all of that would equal how heavy his bladder suddenly felt.

Vegeta felt an increase in pain. Very slight, but noticeable. A few more cups of liquid had just been dumped into the ocean he’d already been holding. His need ratcheted up a bit faster than what he was used to. He knew what was happening; Apparently when he and Kakarot fused, any liquid in either of their bladders would be transported into Gogeta’s. So, he was now holding onto everything he’d been enduring all day, as well as Kakarot’s piss.

‘That is utterly revolting,’ Vegeta thought. ‘Kakarot, why didn’t you go before we did this?!’

‘I didn’t want to make you feel worse.’

Vegeta was able to hear Kakarot’s response. He’d accepted that he and Kakarot would be capable of listening to one another’s thoughts while they were fused, but it still made him uncomfortable. What happened in his mind was his own business, and it drove him nuts that Kakarot could LITERALLY get inside his head.

‘Well, you DID, I can’t believe we’re sharing—‘

A groan escaped from Gogeta’s lips as he bent forwards, holding himself tightly. A violent spasm tore through him, agony encompassing his entire lower body.

‘Ah— Vegeta, this hurts!’ Goku thought. He was used to being in pain, he was used to being hit with all sorts of attacks, having his bones broken, being electrocuted… He wasn’t used to his own insides fighting against him so vehemently. Even when he’d gotten sick, the feeling hadn’t matched this. ‘Why do I feel it in my back?!’

Gogeta’s body trembled, his legs shaking as they uselessly crossed against one another. It was a strain to remain upright, the liquid stretching him out and trying to drag him to his knees.

‘Is this how it always feels?!’

Vegeta tried to make his mind go blank, he didn’t want to answer Kakarot, even by accident. And WHY did he have to think THAT word right now?!

‘Hey, we’re not gonna have an accident, Vegeta!’ Goku assured. ‘Just need to make it a few steps! And, I’m sorry that you feel like this every time you have to—‘

‘SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. I’M NOT LISTENING.’

Gogeta took one step forwards, agony rippling throughout his body, pressure amplifying in torturous waves. “Nnnh—!”

Vegeta kept trying to still his mind, but it was impossible. Thoughts pinged through him, each one its own humiliation. ‘The only good thing about fusing is supposed to be how powerful we are! Now we can barely walk!’, ‘Kakarot better be right about this working, I’m not sure how much longer I can endure this!’, and— the most embarrassing of them all— ‘I have to void! I have to void so damn badly!’

His only saving grace was that Kakarot seemed unaccustomed to holding anywhere NEAR this amount. What thoughts of his Vegeta could hear were panicked, garbled and incoherent. ‘Can’t hold— Gotta— I’m gonna— Few more steps— Ahhh!— I have to— It hurts— I need— NOW.’

And then, another idea forced itself into Vegeta’s brain, he tried not to pay attention to it, tried to ignore it and make it go away, make it go away before Kakarot was able to—

‘Heh, you’re probably RIGHT, Vegeta— A holding contest WOULD be a good way for you to beat me at something!’

DAMMIT. And why did he have to sound so upbeat about it?!

Gogeta had finally arrived in front of the bushes, and he was BEYOND ready to start using them. He was actually worried that he’d manage to kill the bush by pouring too much fluid on it.

Well. The Goku parts of him were worried about that anyway. The Vegeta parts were just infuriated that he had even brought it up.

Gogeta’s hand started to work at his pants, but before he could free himself, his hand suddenly froze, shook and refused to budge.

Goku started to panic when he realized he could no longer move Gogeta’s hand. He tried to take control of the other one, but that one wouldn’t react to his commands, either. Maybe the desperation was somehow going to force them to un-fuse early? Could that even be possible? After the beatings they’d taken in this form, how could a need to pee be the thing that made them come apart?

The hands did move again a few seconds later, but not in the way Goku had hoped.

Gogeta dug his hands urgently between his thighs, gripping his aching member as pressure scorched through his length.

Goku tried to move them away, but they only squeezed harder and harder. ‘Vegeta, are YOU able to move our hands?’

‘Y—Yes, and— This is so embarrassing…’

‘You just need to aim, then! Hurry!’

Vegeta knew Kakarot was right, if he simply freed Gogeta’s dick, there would be SOME chance—however small— that this pressure would go away. But there was just— If this was his and Kakarot’s body fused together, then— It wasn’t like they’d ever had a REASON to… To look THERE while fused before, and—

‘Vegeta, this is not the time to worry about—‘

‘Stay out of my thoughts, Kakarot.’

‘If we don’t get this done before thirty minutes are up, then I won’t be able to help you—‘

‘I don’t need your help!’ Vegeta shouted inside his mind, trying to drown out all of the other thoughts. The other, awful, terrible thoughts that Kakarot should never, ever hear. But, he could hear them. He could hear all of Vegeta’s thoughts, his REAL ones, his REAL feelings. He could not keep a secret from someone that had literally become a part of him.

So, all Goku could hear was ’I need you to help! I want you to! If I don’t void, I’ll explode!’

‘Of course I’ll help. But, that does mean you’ll have to…’

Suddenly, Goku was able to manipulate Gogeta’s body again.

Gogeta finally pulled himself out and aimed between his feet.

Vegeta didn’t want to look at what they were now holding in their hands. He didn’t want the sight to give him some inkling of what Kakarot’s dick looked like. But, if they DID manage to urinate this way, he didn’t want Gogeta to splash himself, either. After all, once the thirty minutes were up, what if the wet spot remained visible on him? So, he didn’t try to force Gogeta’s eyes shut.

He could see that Gogeta’s member was actually somewhat shorter than his own. So, wait, did that mean he’d beaten Kakarot at something ages ago and just hadn’t known? Some confidence entered him then and he started to think that maybe he COULD pee out here like this—

‘Oh, I guess it’s smaller than both of ours,’ Kakarot’s thoughts broke Vegeta’s concentration. ‘Weird.’

‘Shut up and… And just make us…’

Goku tried. Really, he’d expected piss to start jetting out of Gogeta’s tip the second it was exposed. Goku had certainly never needed to pee this badly before, and usually when he had an emergency, he was gushing as soon as his clothes were out of the way. Maybe Vegeta getting curious about their body had distracted both of them from—

‘I WAS NOT CURIOUS.’

Goku realized that it was probably all on him to make Gogeta pee. Vegeta couldn’t, after all. The thing was, Goku had never actually needed to CONCENTRATE on urinating. He’d always just stand there and let it happen, it wasn’t something he had to think about. This time, though, he DID have to think about it.

It was startling, he had to pee SO bad, he felt like liquid was going to gush from his ears at any second, but when he forced Gogeta’s body to go still, ceased all the desperate fidgeting intended to keep the fluid at bay, nothing actually happened. Just, continued fullness and an urge to start squirming again.

‘Mmm, okay…’ Goku thought. Maybe it was because this wasn’t the body he was used to? Like, whatever connections usually happened inside himself when it was time to pee weren’t lining up the same way? Well, he’d learned how to control things within himself before— And, he was able to control Gogeta’s chi, he could do this the same way.

He concentrated on the pressure, willing it to move downwards. There was a pinching feeling around the base of Gogeta’s cock, a weight seeming to shift, but then the feeling vanished, and not one drop managed to emerge.

All the while, Goku could hear Vegeta’s thoughts, and they were panicked and nervous and not at all the sorts of things that came out of his mouth. That was something Goku had discovered the very first time they fused. What Vegeta SAID and what Vegeta FELT sometimes didn’t match. The same was true now. Earlier, he’d been insistent that he could hold it and that it wasn’t bothering him too much, but inside his mind…

‘This isn’t working! I still can’t go! But, I can’t just NOT go, it feels like I’ll burst! What the Hell can I do? This is pathetic! It’s a basic function, and there aren’t supposed to be things I can’t do! This was a mistake. Kakarot knows so much now, he knows that I really can’t piss. He knows how bad it is. He even knows how it FEELS. Why did I agree to this? This is humiliating, and I can’t even go. I can’t, I can’t—‘

‘I’m sure you can!’ Goku thought.

‘Kakarot, not now—‘

‘You can, though,’ Goku reiterated. ‘If we stay fused, we can definitely do this. The problem is you’re thinking about me too much.’

‘You’re right THERE.’

‘You keep worrying about what I’m thinking, and if I’m judging you and stuff.’

‘I’m no—‘

‘I can hear all your thoughts,’ Goku reminded. ‘I know what you’re feeling. And… And you can hear everything I’M thinking, so you KNOW that I’m NOT judging you!’

‘Bullshit, you think this is hilariou—‘

‘I don’t. Focus for a second and actually listen.’

Vegeta tried. He tried one more time to clear his brain, to only pay attention to what he could hear. Truthfully, he was surprised Kakarot even HAD that many thoughts.

‘This must be awful for Vegeta. Feeling this way for just five minutes has been so painful. It’s too bad this plan isn’t working, I was sure it would… Ahhh, I need to pee so bad! Oof, if Vegeta has to go through this all the time, he must be even stronger than I thought.’

Hss…

A thin stream of urine started to emerge, flowing to the ground between Gogeta’s feet.

Vegeta could still hear Kakarot’s thoughts, which were now more garbled than ever, exclamations of relief and moaning sounds. ‘Ahhh…. This feels so good! So much better! Ohhhh…’

Vegeta focused all his energy on not allowing similar statements to enter his own mind. But this just… It just felt so amazing. The loss of tension, the slow, gentle easing of the pressure, the comfort of it all finally being over…

Goku kept enjoying the sensation of so much fluid finally being emptied. He’d never felt desperation to that degree before, so he’d never felt relief this powerfully either. He easily compared it to the feeling he got when he flew, that sense of weightlessness. He liked to think that every awful thing had to have some good aspect to it, and THIS had to be it for Vegeta’s problem. Even if his sparring partner had to hold it in until he was experiencing a torturous amount of need, at least he got to feel THIS afterwards.

He realized that was probably an odd thought to have. He hoped Vegeta hadn’t heard it… But, Vegeta seemed to be lost in his own world now, nothing in his mind aside from the pleasure of this release.

‘Ahhhhh… Finally, finally… That’s so much better… Ahhhh… Thank you, Kakarot, thank you so much, I couldn’t take it anymore…. Ahhh…’

‘Oh. Wow,’ Goku thought. ‘Has he ever thanked me like that before…?’ He began to wonder exactly how long this pee was going to last. He remembered the incident from years ago where Vegeta had told him not to come back for ‘ten minutes’ while he urinated. Vegeta couldn’t actually take THAT long to finish going, right?

But, this HAD been going on for about two minutes already, longer than any of Goku’s most desperate releases had ever lasted. And, the bladder they were sharing STILL felt awfully full. He didn’t MIND that it was lasting so long, it felt so good that he wanted it to continue, he just hoped they’d be finished before their half hour was up. He didn’t know what would happen if they un-fused in the middle of a piss. Would they both just wet themselves?

‘It doesn’t take THAT long for me to finish,’ Vegeta thought irritably. ‘Usually only five minutes.’

‘WHAT?!’

‘Saiyan bladders are far larger than—‘

‘But, I’m a Saiyan too, and I’ve never peed for five minutes!’

Vegeta tried to focus all of his attention on the intense relief still spilling from him, but his brain refused to be silent. ‘Of all the things I could have finally beaten him at, why did it need to be THIS?’

‘Yeah, you definitely DO have me beat here,’ Goku agreed. ‘I never even thought about training THOSE muscles.’

It actually took a few seconds LONGER than five minutes for Gogeta’s bladder to fully drain, and he panted with satisfaction as he put his clothing back together.

The problem now was that Vegeta and Goku had to wait a few more minutes before they would separate, leaving them both alone with their thoughts, and imprisoning Vegeta in a world of awkwardness.

‘I feel better,’ Goku informed.

‘Shut up…’ Underneath those words, Goku could hear. ‘I feel better, too.’

‘I guess I need to train my bladder. I didn’t know I was supposed to be able to hold that much.’

‘… Kakarot, there is no way I’m going to be able to say this once we un-fuse. And if you ever tell anyone I even THOUGHT it—‘

‘What?’

‘Thank you.’

They separated a few minutes later, and Vegeta tried not to visibly cringe when he was able to feel the clammy dampness between his thighs again. He couldn’t believe he’d actually leaked… No matter how small the dribble may have been, it was entirely unacceptable. It wasn’t visible on his clothing, but just HIM knowing it was there was enough.

“You’re welcome,” Goku said.

“I didn’t thank you.”

“You did.”

“Didn’t. Never will.”

***

Vegeta’s problem had worsened.

He supposed that most people would actually say it had IMPROVED because he was capable of relieving himself in front of another now. But, as far as HE was concerned, it was now worse than it had ever been.

Vegeta could finally go in front of someone else.

But, he could only go in front of one SPECIFIC ‘someone else’.

The sole being alive whom Vegeta could empty his bladder in front of was Kakarot, because he was now CERTAIN that Kakarot didn’t judge him for his problem, or for needing to go.

Vegeta could pee in front of Kakarot, and absolutely no one else.

And that was just terrible.

It was terrible because it meant that, at times, when he was desperate and unable to let anything out, a solution now existed. And Vegeta HATED the solution with every fiber of his being.

He hated that, whenever his bladder brought him to the brink of insanity, whenever the pain became too unbearable, or the fullness within him made it impossible to accomplish other tasks… He would force himself to approach Kakarot, he would force himself to mumble to Kakarot that he needed to go, and he would then force himself to allow Kakarot to stand near him and keep watch for anyone else until he was finished urinating.

What he hated most of all was having to hear Kakarot say ‘Good job!’ afterwards, and that no matter HOW many times Vegeta screamed at him to never, ever say that again, it just kept happening.

Why did it have to be Kakarot?

