Sam's little suprise

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-05-11 18:06

Hey guys, this is my first piece of fiction..So please bear that in mind :D Also just a small warning that there is some swearing sooooo if you're put off by that sort of thing just bear it in mind :)

It was two in the afternoon by the time Sam finally took her lunch break. For whatever reason this particular Tuesday had been manic all day, it seemed to her that everyone and their dog had decided that this day was the best to go out and waste money on cheap and nasty clothing. She would never say this aloud of course; her boss probably wouldn’t appreciate it. But her boss hated her anyway, yet she never quite knew why. Sam always put it down as just one of those things.

Maybe it was jealously she thought? Sam was a very attractive young woman. Standing at five feet and ten inches tall and weighing no more than 8 stone, she was a tall, slender lady. Her curly blonde hair was her start attraction, but on this day it was tied in a bun; but when released her curls were wild yet tame. When untied her hair flowed down to her slender waist in cascades of shimmering blonde loveliness.

On this day Sam wished she had untied her hair, as after seeing herself in a mirror at work she feared her bun and outfit did not match. Sam had got dressed in a hurry this morning and didn’t spend much time planning her outfit, so as a consequence she felt underdressed and a little untidy. But even in a plain black top and dark blue jeans with bright pink knickers and matching bra underneath, she still looked radiant. The dark top made her big blue eyes shine even brighter than normal and her soft white skin seemed to almost glow.

As Sam retreated from the shop floor to the staff room she picked up her phone from the office safe. What a palaver that always was; some of the stuff in that safe would make you blush. As she checked her phone she noticed she had four missed calls off her husband Gary. Sam ignored it. Sam and Gary were having troubles and arguing a lot, in fact she had kicked him out of their home. So Sam simply cleared her notifications and poured herself a cup of coffee. Sam always hated the coffee provided at work, so she had brought her own and made use of it on every occasion. On this occasion she needed caffeine more than normal; she was tired, fed up and generally just a bit down in the beak. So she drank her coffee and tucked into her fruit salad.

After finishing her lunch Sam cleared up, locked her phone in the safe again and went for a wee before returning to the shop floor. As she entered the restroom it hit her that she was actually really quite desperate for a wee and it shocked her as she hadn’t even felt a twinge. Sam didn’t think much of it, instead she dropped her jeans and knickers and emptied her bladder. As she began peeing she looked down to her feet and got a little surprise. There was a small but noticeable wet spot in her knickers. “Oh my god” she said out loud to herself. Sam hadn’t even felt it, she never felt a leak and certainly didn’t feel wet at any point through the day. This shocked her and scared her a little bit. She was 23 years old and at no point since a regrettable incident involving copious amounts of tequila had she ever wet herself, but here she was looking at a wet spot in her knickers.

She finished peeing, wiped herself and pulled her knickers and jeans back up. The wetness she felt against her skin made her feel uncomfortable, but she figured she would adjust to it over time. So she washed her hands, double checked her jeans to make sure she had no wet spot visible and left the restroom.

Five was approaching and for Sam that meant one thing, home sweet home. In the end the day had kind of tapered out a bit, it started manic but ended in a typical quiet fashion. So she cashed out and went to grab her things from the safe and staff room.

It took Sam the best part of ten minutes to find her phone in the safe and when she did retrieve it she found she had more missed calls off Gary. Bugger him she thought and carried on collecting her things. Sam said goodbye to her colleagues and left the store to make her way home. Her journey home wasn’t a particularly long one, but it could be troublesome at times.

Sam jumped in her car, fastened her seat belt and selected some suitable music for her short trip home. Sam drove a bright red Fiat 500 with matching leather interior and trim. As she checked her mirrors and began plotting he route of the car park she felt a sharp twinge in her bladder. “Wow okay, no messing around today” she thought to herself. For the second time in one day Sam had been very suddenly gripped by a strong need to pee. She slotted he car into gear and made for home.

As Sam joined the motorway she felt her bladder start to swell and throb and very quickly her need was growing at an alarming rate. Sam began fidgeting and rocking back and forth. She pushed her left hand into her crotch and her left thigh into her right one. She was genuinely beginning to panic a bit. Her desperation had grown so fast and so sharply, she was simply not prepared for this.

She then began thinking of the wet spot in her knickers earlier. And very quickly she had another one to think about. A small spurt of pee had escaped her pee hole and soaked into her pink cotton knickers. Sam frantically pushed her hand even harder into her crotch.

“No, no, no. This cannot happen to me, I’m 23 years old I shouldn’t be wetting myself. Oh god… Hurry the fuck up… Come on, I’m going to piss myself. Oh god, oh god. Yes!! move, get out the way. Come on… Not far, it’s not far, you can do this. Come on.”

Sam left the motorway and joined the small A road that took her to her front door. Whenever she moved her left hand to change gear she leaked a little bit more into her knickers. By this point her knickers were pretty sodden, and her jeans were wet too, but not much, it was noticeable but only if you looked very hard.

3 minutes from home.

Sam had got the spurting under control by now. Her knickers were wet and her jeans too, but she was determined to stay dry from now on.

She pulled out the roundabout. Turned left. Carried on straight.

Home was so close; her toilet was calling her. She could feel the relief… Literally.

“Noooooo, oh my god, no, no, no. Fuck, fuck, fuck.”

A large torrent of pee had escaped her pee hole, flooded her knickers, soaked her jeans and pooled on her red leather seat. Sam was crying now. But she regained control. Her left hand was now lodged in her crotch. But the wetness on her bum, hand and vagina made her want too pee sooo badly. But she couldn’t.

“I’m 23. this shouldn’t be happening to me. I shouldn’t be doing this… I shouldn’t be wetting myself… Oh god”

She turned left at the last junction before home. The warm wetness that had pooled under her bum was driving her crazy. So many parts of her wanted to let go, flood her knickers, jeans and seat and just be done with it, then enjoy the blissful relief… But she was home.

Sam pulled onto her drive, turned the ignition off and jumped out quicker than she knew was possible.

She fumbled for her key in her handbag.

She fumbled getting the key into the door.

She squeezed her legs together.

She danced on the spot.

She pissed herself.

Her warm pee streamed from her pee hole, through her once bright pink knickers, flooded through her jeans and streamed down her slim legs and pooled at her feet. Sam stood still, unable and unwilling to stop the torrent. She was transported to a different place. She shut her eyes and enjoyed the warm, wet relief that was flowing down her legs and spreading round her bum as well.

She finally finished peeing. She was soaked. She opened her eyes and examined her own accident and began to cry.

She squatted down and forced out the very last drops of pee. Sam then unzipped her once light blue jeans and examined her knickers….

“What the fuck?”

“GARY!!!!”

“Have you pissed yourself?”

“No… Yes… Please…. No…. I didn’t mean too”

“You’ve actually pissed yourself. Just like a little girl”

“Please... Don’t tell anyone, it was an accident…. I didn’t mean to wet myself”

Gary stood silent examining his wife’s accident. Gary had been trying to call Sam to tell her that he was waiting for her at their home, he had returned to apologize.

What happens next?? I’ll let you decide.

*002*2016-05-11 19:36

{{58 minutes ago, Damnation said:

I don't know, but don't make him mock her. :) They've had fights, Gary wants to apologize and Sam seems to be a bit upset about what happened.

}}

I should explain what i meant... I meant more decide in your own head how it pans out :) to me once Gary is over the initial shock, he is very comforting and loving and it actually helps repair their marriage.

*004*2016-05-11 20:42

{{1 hour ago, Damnation said:

Ohhhhh!! Sorry, I'm pretty tired >.<

Now, this is kinda embarrassing...

}}

No that's completely my fault I didn't make it clear :)

I can do a follow up if you like? :)

