While the Rest of Hell's Missing, Alastor`s Pissing (Hazbin Hotel Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*000*2025-11-24 15:37

The grand lobby of the hotel was alive with its usual chaos; A cacophony of clattering plates, dissonant laughter, and the occasional screech. Yet, amid all the ruckus, Alastor, the infamous Radio Demon himself, seemed... Unusually uncomfortable.

He shifted his weight from one impeccably polished shoe to the other, his smile still perfectly in place, but noticeably tight around the edges. The kind of tightness associated with running water. Or fountains. Or... Way, way too much coffee. The radio static that always accompanied his presence buzzed with an odd, jittery quality, as if the air itself was aware that something was amiss.

“Oh, my! What a delightful day, isn’t it?” Alastor chimed, voice rolling like a cheerful broadcast. But even as he spoke, he subtly pressed a gloved hand against his abdomen, eyes darting towards the nearest restroom in a way that was akin to a hawk spotting prey.

It didn't happen often— Rarely, really. Demons, especially powerful ones, didn't have to worry about such trivialities very frequently. But, what he drank WOULD still need to come back out eventually, especially if his energy ebbed or if he'd exerted himself too thoroughly weaving his magic through the hotel's chaotic structure.

He could feel it now, an uncomfortable, stubborn pressure low in his gut. One that demanded his attention and threatened his composure. He needed a quick moment of privacy.

Charlie bounded over, waving a tray of freshly baked pastries. “Alastor! Would you like some cherry tarts? I just made them!”

Alastor’s grin widened, but a faint tremor ran through his fingers. “Why, thank you, my dear! I’d be positively thrilled! Though…” He paused dramatically, glancing again at the sign above the far corner: Restrooms. “Might I first… Pause for a… A brief intermission?”

Charlie tilted her head, confused. After a moment, she nodded. “Oh! Of course!” She said cheerfully, not noticing the subtle panic in his voice.

“I’ll be right back! Stay tuned!” And with that, Alastor began his trek across the lobby, a task that should have been simple— Merely a few dozen feet— But in the presence of everyone else, it became a journey of absurd tension. Every step was exaggerated, every glance over his shoulder a silent plea that no one would notice his predicament.

He kept his hands in his pockets, humming lightly as if he were enjoying a leisurely stroll rather than fighting the internal clock of his own biology.

Husk, sipping lazily on a martini at the bar, shot him a knowing look.

“You look like you’re about to explode or something,” Husk muttered, though his tone carried just enough amusement to make Alastor’s face flush.

“Oh, my, Husk! What a delightful observation!” Alastor’s voice was still bubbly, but the undertone of panic was betrayed by the way he clutched his coat tightly around himself. The closer he came to the restroom, the more he felt like every sound in the hotel was being amplified; The clanging of pots, the scraping of chairs, even the soft hiss of a vent seemed to mock him.

Finally, standing before the polished door marked Restroom, Alastor paused. He thought he could hear some activity from inside. His grin faltered slightly, replaced by an uncharacteristic nervous twitch.

“Oh, my…” he whispered to himself, his smile flickering across his sharp features. “Perhaps I’ll… Wait until it’s vacated…”

And there, in that fleeting moment of hesitation, the ever-chaotic world of Hell seemed to narrow to a single point; A door, a handle, and the very troubling struggle of a demon with a very full bladder.

Alastor inhaled, his cane tapping nervously against the floor as he prepared himself. Behind him, the hotel’s cacophony continued, blissfully unaware that one of its most terrifying residents was currently wrestling with an internal battle far more personal than any of his usual exploits.

Because even with all his power, all his charm, and all his unsettling charisma, there was a particular issue which had plagued him during his life and had still remained a part of him this many years after his death.

Alastor’s gloved hand hovered over the restroom door handle, a bead of… Well, not quite sweat, but something vaguely reminiscent of human perspiration, forming at his temple. He exhaled sharply, trying to steady the radio-static hum that always seemed to accompany moments of emotional— Or, in this case, physiological—Distress.

He was a performer. He was at home in the spotlight. His voice was broadcasted everywhere, and that was precisely how he liked it.

But there was one situation where he wanted— Perhaps even NEEDED, if he would ever debase himself enough to suggest he had needs— To be utterly alone. Unobserved.

An INTERMISSION. Where the microphone was OFF and no one could hear even the softest noise out of him…

He stood by the door, struggling to tell if he really did hear movement behind it or if it was merely his imagination.

The pressure was mounting dangerously. If he were anyone else— ANYONE— he would have been crossing his legs by now. But Alastor refused to do such an obvious thing unless it was absolutely necessary. And, it wasn’t necessary. He could endure. It would only be a little while longer…

He kept his posture steady, though far more rigid than usual. He kept his hands clasped neatly behind his back so that no one would notice the faint tremor in his fingers. He kept his shoulders square, even as he felt a cold bead of panic slide down him.

The footsteps of other demons echoed down the hall. Each one sounded magnified, a sinister orchestra of judgment. Alastor’s grip on his cane tightened, the polished wood threatening to splinter under his nervous pressure.

‘Think, Alastor… Think like the master of radio! Distract the audience! Distract…’

His mind began firing off all the things he could be doing instead of this— Conjuring a spectral orchestra, throwing a tea party for the most horrifying of Hell’s patrons, maybe even broadcasting his charming little monologue about the merits of eternal torment— But no, here he was, trapped by this annoying little problem that he wished had perished alongside his human body.

Alastor’s grin remained, but it was tight and twitching while he patted his abdomen as though soothing a skittish animal.

He stepped back, pacing in tight circles in the hallway. He gripped his cane even more firmly, trying to will himself to stop. The thought of someone casually watching him wander so erratically, twitching nervously while muttering under his breath, was unbearable.

“I shall not be undone by… By a mere…” his voice faltered mid-sentence, “… This…”

The absurdity of it made him laugh quietly, a high, twitchy sound that reminded him of a squeaky toy in the mouth of a dog. He glanced over at the lobby, where Charlie was cheerfully explaining proper toast-buttering technique to Vaggie. Neither were watching him. Neither had picked up on his distress.

His eyes flicked back to the door. Deep breaths. Counting steps. Chanting internal mantras about dignity and control. And yet, every sound in the hotel seemed to conspire against him; The drip of a faucet from behind the bathroom door, the squeak of a chair, the faint echo of someone laughing too loudly.

‘I am a conqueror of souls! A broadcaster of despair! I— CANNOT— Be beaten… By this!’

And yet, as he inched closer again, hand trembling, he could feel the inevitable betrayal of his own body looming. His lower belly felt… Heavy. Enough so that his legs tingled and wobbled a bit beneath it, causing his paces to look even more bizarre and undignified.

He stopped, clutching the door handle, staring at the gleaming metal like it was a portal to another dimension. ‘Just… Open it. Just… Go. Nobody is listening. Nobody… Is… Listening…’

He exhaled, tried to lift his head high, and… Froze again.

Because Husk had wandered closer, smirking lazily, his martini glinting in the hallway lights. “Everything alright?” He drawled, raising an eyebrow.

Alastor’s grin twitched for the briefest fraction of a second. The static that always accompanied his presence hummed a little louder, almost pleading as he quickly stepped AWAY from the door and approached Husk.

His smile snapped back into place, sharper than ever, and Husk’s smirk threatened to undo all of the careful composure that he had painstakingly maintained. He adjusted his bowtie with a flourish that was meant to look nonchalant but in reality was accompanied by a subtle stiffening of his posture, every fiber of his being screaming.

“Ah, Husk! My dear friend, I am simply… Rehearsing my… Ah, my nightly promenade!” Alastor declared, waving one gloved hand vaguely, as if he had suddenly remembered a sophisticated social custom of Hell. “Yes, yes! A promenade! One must always stretch one’s legs, after all!”

Husk squinted. “Uh-huh,” he muttered, clearly unconvinced, taking a lazy sip of his martini. “Looks more like you’re waddling around on the verge of a panic attack.”

“Waddling? Nonsense! Observe the elegance! Observe the grace! Each step—“ Alastor placed his foot down a little too hard, and his knees buckled as a quivering bolt of need surged its way through his aching bladder. Goodness, he really needed to go… “Oh, ahem, each step is calculated, refined, and… Meticulously choreographed!” His voice was a little too high-pitched now, the inflection betraying the stress beneath his cheerful facade. He began to spin in a tight circle, cane tapping rapidly against the floor as if conducting an invisible orchestra, hoping that the sudden motion would distract Husk from noticing that anything was amiss.

‘Think, Alastor… Think!’ He scolded himself internally. ‘You can mask anything!’

His eyes darted around the lobby, landing on Charlie and Angel Dust chatting by the reception desk. ‘No! Cannot let them know! They must not, under any circumstances, be aware of this!’

In a moment of desperate brilliance— Or perhaps madness— Alastor pulled from his seemingly endless arsenal of powers. With a flick of his wrist, he conjured a small cloud of static interference that danced around him like a living curtain, obscuring his legs from casual observation. The crackle of distorted radio static masked the subtle shuffle of his feet.

“Oh, what’s this? A new… Performance piece?” Angel Dust teased, cocking an eyebrow at the flickering haze surrounding Alastor. “You look like you’re hidin’ something.”

Alastor’s grin widened to an almost grotesque, perfectly symmetrical shape. “Hiding? Why, Angel Dust, I am but the very embodiment of transparency! Nothing to hide here, nothing at all!” He twirled once, making the static shimmer and crackle like a miniature electrical storm, all the while subconsciously inching back towards the restroom in a bizarre, jittery dance.

One hand pressed to the wall for support, every nerve in his body was crying needfully, but his pride and reputation were at stake.

Charlie clapped her hands and smiled. “Alastor! That’s a neat little trick with the static! Can you teach me?”

“No, no, my dear, it is… Ah, a spontaneous burst of artistic energy! One must never question inspiration when it strikes!” Alastor said, the static around him now forming little crackling shapes, further masking his frantic pacing.

“Hey, you sure you’re just doing a promenade?” Husk asked. “You’re looking mighty… Tense there.”

Alastor froze mid-step, the static around him sputtering like a faulty signal. His grip on his cane tightened. Every instinct shouted at him; ‘Do not let anyone know!‘

And so, the Radio Demon, terror of Hell, master of broadcasts, and connoisseur of chaos, found himself with static swirling around him like a cloak of invisibility, muttering frantic incantations under his breath— All to maintain the illusion of composure while desperately shielding the one thing that he could not broadcast.

Once the others had dispersed, Alastor realized he had reached the bathroom door again, but his mind still churned; ‘If anyone comes back, distract them! Perhaps a minor earthquake will suffice!’

Because one thing was certain; Alastor would endure ANY pain, battle ANY foe, and broadcast ANY terror— But, he would never, ever, let anyone in Hell discover his most embarrassing secret.

Alastor’s hand trembled ever so slightly as he gripped the door handle once more. The world beyond the door promised relief, dignity, and the sweet illusion that no one had EVER seen him flail through the lobby like a caffeinated marionette.

“Please be empty…” he whispered, a rare crack of vulnerability in his usually unstoppable broadcast voice. He swung the door open and slipped inside like a shadow, shutting it softly behind him. The small, tiled room smelled faintly of disinfectant and hand soap, and the faint hum of a ventilation fan was the closest thing to silence he had experienced in hours.

No one else was present, prompting a quiet sigh of relief from Alastor.

He entered a stall, unzipped his pants, closed his eyes, straightened his bowtie, and allowed himself to think: ‘At last…’

And then… Nothing happened.

Yes, no one could SEE him thanks to the door being shut, but what if his release was… Loud? What if someone HEARD him? The sound… That was the most humiliating thing; An embarrassing little noise that told everyone precisely what he was up to.

He adjusted himself, aiming for the area of the bowl that he thought would be quietest. But still, nothing.

His grin twitched ever so slightly. He shifted from one foot to the other, pressing a hand against his bladder as though the very act of pushing on it might coax cooperation from the rebellious organ.

But, all it brought him was a heightened sense of urgency as the waves frothed angrily beneath his touch.

He took a deep breath. And another. And another.

‘Focus, Alastor… Focus! You have terrorized countless souls, yet this… This simple act eludes you?!’

He leaned forwards, attempting to relax, but his mind betrayed him. Every sound outside the door— The faint murmur of Charlie’s voice, Husk’s lazy hum from the bar, Angel Dust’s mischievous giggle— Invaded his consciousness like an army of tiny interrogators.

If he could hear THEM, that meant they’d be able to hear HIM.

Alastor tried every mental trick he could summon. He counted backwards from 1000, thought up terrifying radio broadcasts, imagined casting a wave of chaos across the hotel lobby… Anything to distract his mind and earn cooperation from his stubborn body.

And yet… The more he tried, the more impossible it seemed. Each attempt to relax only worsened his tension. Every imagined scenario of Husk laughing or Angel Dust commenting seemed to shrink his courage to microscopic proportions.

How could a demon of his power be undone by… Anxiety?!

Alastor felt the unfamiliar sting of… Helplessness. The irony was not lost on him; The terror of Hell’s residents, the power to twist souls and broadcast fear… All powerless against the simple act of urination.

A quiet hiss from one of the faucets outside the stall broke his spiraling thoughts. His ears flattened, the gentle flow of water mocking him with its serene ease. Maybe it was enough to cover up any sounds he happened to make? His body did not seem to think so, as it remained clenched.

Alastor leaned back against the wall, head tilting slightly. Minutes stretched into an eternity. He muttered under his breath, pacing in place, leaning back, stretching— Every motion a desperate attempt to trick his body into cooperation. His normally confident and commanding presence had been reduced to a jumble of frantic gestures and muttered incantations.

And through it all, the one unshakable truth remained; The door was closed, the lobby oblivious, and Alastor— The mighty Radio Demon— Was trapped in a private war with his own physiology.

A rare flicker of defeat crossed his otherwise unflappable visage. The faucet continued its gentle hiss, the sound now a cruel reminder of the bodily function he could not master. He ran a hand through his hair, eyes narrowing in frustrated determination.

‘No. No! I will not be undone by this… This… Trivial indignity!’ he thought to himself. His usual charm and relentless energy seemed to falter under the weight of pure, mortifying futility. ‘I am Alastor, Radio Demon, master of Hell! I have orchestrated chaos, broadcasted terror, and bent the wills of countless demons to my whim… And yet I am bested by… By…’ He swallowed hard.

Alastor straightened his spine. He took a deep, exaggerated breath, his grin widening— But, this was forced, brittle, shaking at the edges.

His legs crossed stiffly at the ankles, and he clasped his hands over his abdomen as if sheer willpower could force the muscles to obey. Every movement was calculated, precise, and deliberately theatrical— An internal broadcast of strength and control, even as panic and discomfort churned beneath the surface.

Alastor resumed pacing in place within the cramped stall, moving like a finely tuned metronome, counting each step aloud in a soft, sing-song murmur to occupy his mind. He recited imaginary speeches, gave himself pep talks in the form of sinister announcements, and even tried to hum along to the static that always followed him. Anything to distract himself from the mounting pressure threatening to betray him.

Minutes dragged on, each one a tiny, silent battle between pride and nature. Alastor muttered a few choice insults under his breath to unseen, imaginary demons, as though verbal intimidation could convince his bladder to cooperate.

‘I will not fail. I will not crumble. I will endure this. I am Alastor… I am eternal… I am…’

He froze mid-step, realizing that, despite all of his effort, the discomfort was only growing. The thought of Husk wandering the hallway again and overhearing him if he happened to finally let go, Angel Dust being there and making a comment, or Charlie innocently bursting in, had him gripping his cane so tightly in his free hand that his knuckles shone white beneath the gloves.

Alastor’s grin, ever so slightly strained, twitched once more as he thought to himself. ‘Endurance… Patience… The Radio Demon is nothing if not capable of… Holding… Everything.’

And so he remained in a tense, rigid posture, waging a private, silent war. The mightiest terror of Hell had found his match— Not in a foe, not in an army, not even in Charlie’s boundless optimism— But, in the simple, relentless stubbornness of his own body.

Alastor gritted his teeth, straightened his spine once more, and told himself; ‘So be it… I shall endure.’

The faucet hissed on. The tiles gleamed. The lobby bustled outside. And Alastor stood alone in quiet suffering— An immovable statue of embarrassment disguised as composure.

Alastor tried to compose himself. He readjusted his clothing. He straightened his bowtie one last time, flicked a stray strand of hair from his face, and took a deep, shuddering breath. He had realized what fate held in store for him; Returning to the lobby without anyone noticing the internal storm still sloshing inside of him, pleading for release yet refusing to exit when he gave it the opportunity.

With cane in hand and a grin as sharp and dazzling as ever, he opened the restroom door and stepped out, each movement exaggeratedly graceful; A performance. His static shimmered faintly, a subtle but calculated distraction, masking the slight stiffness in his walk.

He moved quickly— Too quickly— And a sharp twinge shot through his abdomen. He froze for half a second, letting the discomfort pass through gritted teeth.

The lobby was as chaotic as ever. Husk was perched at the bar, lazily polishing a glass, and Angel Dust lounged nearby, flicking a coin between his fingers. Charlie was at the reception desk, busy welcoming a new guest with her boundless cheer. And all of them looked… Perfectly ordinary. Nothing out of place. Nothing that could betray the Radio Demon’s… Delicate predicament.

Alastor prided himself on many things; Composure, elegance, poise under pressure… But, this was testing the limits of his patience AND his bladder in ways he did not find remotely dignified.

He could feel every step now.

Every shift of weight.

Every tiny jostle that sent a ripple of discomfort shooting up his spine.

Yet outwardly, he remained a portrait of calm.

Alastor’s eyes darted briefly towards Husk, who raised a brow at the exaggerated flourish with which Alastor re-entered. “Hey. Back from your little… Promenade, huh?” Husk drawled, smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. “Feeling better?”

Alastor’s grin widened, static crackling faintly around him. He did NOT feel better at all. His need for relief was significantly worse than it had been before he’d entered the restroom. His middle was beginning to feel stretched and sore, the muscles there straining against his rapidly expanding bladder.

Of course, Husk was not permitted to know ANY of that, so Alastor nodded. “Indeed, my dear Husk! I feel much better! A promenade of utmost sophistication, I assure you! One must always stretch one’s limbs, after all.” He twirled his cane and leaned ever so slightly, an elegant, flowing gesture designed to distract from the fact that he was still clenching every muscle in his lower body so tightly that he was beginning to shake.

Angel Dust tilted his head, a grin spreading across his face. “You… Look like you’ve got a stick shoved up your ass, Al. Like, even more than usual.”

Alastor's smile tightened. His composure was a finely-tuned radio broadcast— But even the finest signal could be distorted under certain pressures. He felt every jolt of his internal protest as though a marching band had set up in his lower abdomen.

"Everything alright?” Angel asked. “You're tense as fuck.”

Alastor’s eyes widened ever so fractionally, and his static shimmer spiked in intensity— Just enough to give the impression of dramatic flair rather than desperate discomfort. “Tense? Why, my dear Angel, I am only… Brimming with energy! Enthusiasm! Exuberance!” He let out a laugh, twirling his cane, and willing himself not to wince as a sharp twinge reminded him of his ongoing struggle.

“Looks more like you’re brimming with—“

“Yay, Alastor! I’m so glad you’re back!” Charlie clapped her hands as she ran over. “Did you— Oh, never mind, I’m sure you had a good time!” She turned back to Vaggie, leaving Alastor to breathe a quiet sigh of relief— So long as he didn’t move too abruptly, he would be fine!

He began to mingle, taking careful, calculated steps past the bar and reception desk, smiling and greeting demons with all the charm and energy he could muster. Every motion, every gesture, was exaggerated to hide the subtle twitching, the rigid posture, the barely contained tension.

‘Do not let them know. Do not let them see,’ he repeated internally like a mantra. ‘You can hold it…’

Of course he could! If he wasn’t able to urinate when he was actively trying to do so, then that meant… That meant he must not have actually needed to go that badly!

He didn’t… It wasn’t that bad… He had no desire to cross his legs. He wasn’t struggling not to hop from one foot to the other. His middle wasn’t cramping as oceans collided viciously against the taut, over-burdened walls of his extremely full bladder. He wasn’t constantly glancing back towards the restroom, wishing he could bolt to it and unload everything with ease. Nope. Not at all.

He just… Perhaps wished that his arsenal of powers included the ability to zap liquid out of himself, to make it vanish in such a way that none were the wiser.

The more time passed, the more precarious the situation became. His legs trembled in subtle warning. Each step was a careful negotiation with gravity and biology.

A minor collision with a stray demon almost gave him away— His cane tapped sharply against the floor, and he flinched ever so slightly. Angel Dust caught the sound and arched an eyebrow.

“Careful there. You alright?”

Alastor grinned, voice bubbling with way too much cheer to sound natural. “Why, of course!” He insisted, inwardly groaning as the pressure in his abdomen became less forgiving by the second.

“Uh huh,” Angel Dust said. “So, ya just always walk like you’re about to piss yourself? You’re really stiff— And NOT in the fun way!”

“What? No! That was just a minor misstep! Nothing more!” He spun lightly on one foot, static dancing in whimsical arcs around him, a perfect mask for the anxiety simmering beneath.

But, it was a mask that Angel Dust saw straight through. “Uh-huh… It’s okay if ya like holding it, Al,” he shrugged. “I get that some people are into that kinda thing. I’ve even done a few shoots where I—“

“Angel!” Alastor interrupted, one knee crossing over the other, thighs squeezing. “That’s most certainly not— I don’t need to relieve myself. I’m merely a tad jittery today.” Oh, how he wished that were true… But, it wasn’t, and his bladder pulsed more violently every time he lied, like it was trying to punish him.

“C’mon. No shame in it! Even radio stars gotta answer nature’s call. What, you afraid you’ll, like, broadcast it or somethin’? ‘This just in—pssssshhhhhhhhh!’”

Alastor’s static turned into a full-blown screech. That was PRECISELY what he was afraid of! Precisely what he’d DONE one horrible day back during his life.

It wasn’t HIS fault, of course! Lapel microphones had only JUST been invented, it was his first day using one! A change in the routine! So… So, perhaps it had… Slipped his mind when he’d gone to take a “comfort break”, and—

And, to make matters worse, he’d been in… Rather DIRE need of that particular “intermission”, so it was quite… Loud. And, under the impression that he had complete solitude… He MAY have… Permitted a low sigh to fall from his lips, and—

Oh, but that was all in the past! It held no relevance now!

Still, it had been more than enough to inflict him with… This… Stage-fright thing that didn’t seem to want to go away.

And, it was responsible for one of the few recurring nightmares that Alastor actually experienced.

In the dream, he would just finish with a particularly lively segment of his show, the staticky jazz notes fading into the background.

“Well, that’s another delightful hour of chaos delivered straight to your ears!” he’d announce with a flourish, before suddenly being hit by a horrendous urge to urinate. The sort of need that would reverberate in shockwaves all throughout his body, prompting him to press his thighs together. It would be enough to make even HIM doubt his ability to hold it.

“Now, my dear listeners, let’s take a short—“ he’d wince, crossing his legs, stunned by how suddenly the emergency had taken hold. “I— I do believe a brief interlude is in order!”

Without a second thought, Alastor would set down his microphone and hurry off towards the studio’s restroom. What he wouldn’t notice, in his haste, was that the microphone would always still be live.

The sound of shuffling papers, a creak of the door, and then— Unmistakably— Alastor’s increasingly frantic muttering would fill the studio. “Oh, heavens… Oh, goodness gracious me… Oh, mercy, mercy, mercy… I’m going to burst… Why must the facilities be so far away?” He’d always be mortified by these remarks, yet for some curious reason he’d find himself completely unable to silence them.

On the other side of the radio waves, the demons tuning in would be treated to an unexpected performance. Some demons would freeze mid-torture. Some demons would freeze mid-BEING-tortured. Some would gasp, some would snort, and a few others would be outright doubled over, laughing as Alastor’s desperate pleas were broadcasted loud and clear. This would be followed by the flurry of motion as he prepared himself to go, and— Of course— The unmistakable hissing and splattering as he finally DID. “Ahhhh… That was much too close— Perhaps I over-indulged in the java…”

This would, naturally, result in even more amusement for his audience.

Meanwhile, Alastor, completely oblivious, would just hum a jaunty little tune as he finished up with his… Predicament, before returning to the studio.

“Ahhh… What a refreshing break! Now, where were we? Oh yes, broadcasting delight and pandemonium to the fine residents of Hell!”

Vox, meanwhile, would be in his tower, nearly short-circuiting with laughter as he listened to Alastor’s “performance”.

“This… This is magnificent!” Vox would cackle, leaning closer to the feed. His speakers would crackle and buzz in delight as he replayed the audio again and again, each rendition more ridiculous than the last.

And, Alastor would return to his chair, always completely unaware of the digital chaos he had just caused. He’d hum an energetic tune and gesture at the microphone, ready to resume broadcasting his usual charming menace.

“Ah, back in action! My dear listeners, I hope you’ve been—”

And then the studio monitor would suddenly flicker. Vox’s face would appear, pixelated but unmistakable, his digital grin stretched wide.

“Radio Demon!” Vox would exclaim gleefully, his voice a warped melody as he fought not to just burst back into hysterics. “Do you realize what just went out over the airwaves? That… That little symphony of desperation? It was… Exquisite! I’m sending it to every digital network in Hell!”

And then, Alastor would always feel as if he’d just died a second time.

He’d wake up then, fidgeting with a full bladder, but it would take him several minutes of trying before he calmed himself enough to actually go.

He squeezed his legs together, teeth gritting as he thought about it. At least Vox wasn’t here to witness THIS.

Not that Angel was TOO huge of an improvement.

“Y’know,” Angel continued. “Maybe next time I gotta do one of ‘THOSE’ shoots, I should tell everyone that you’d put on the better performance. I mean, look at ya; I’ve never seen anybody so wriggly, ya look like you’ve got a whole keg in you, and you’re still holdin’ on, you’d last way longer than I always d—“

“Enough!” Alastor felt a tiny, terrifying ripple of panic. His legs quivered. His inner workings begged him to just RUN… “I… I am not… Holding anything.”

Angel only cackled. “You’re killin’ me, dollface! Sure, you don’t gotta go at ALL…”

“Precisely.”

By some miracle— Or sheer force of will— Alastor reached the center of the lobby, blending once more into the chaotic background of clattering dishes and squabbling demons. He straightened his posture, gloved hands clasped over his cane, and allowed himself the tiniest, imperceptible exhale of relief.

‘They cannot know. No one shall ever know.‘

And so, Alastor resumed his place among the chaos of the hotel, perfectly composed, terrifyingly charming, and silently waging the private battle that no one could ever be allowed to discover.

The day wore on, and Alastor’s composure began to fray ever so slightly. At first, it was a subtle pressure, a twinge that he could suppress with a dramatic flourish of static or an exaggerated sweep of his cane. By mid-afternoon, however, the situation had evolved into a full-blown, gnawing insistence that clutched at his very core.

It was, in fact, an emergency.

Of course, he would never admit such a thing. The very notion was undignified.

Every step became a careful negotiation. He walked with a slightly wider stance than usual, leaning subtly on his cane to take some weight off his abdomen. Each time Husk’s gaze lingered on him— Or Angel Dust made an especially sly comment— He felt a sharp, internal shiver of panic.

‘Not now. Not here,’ he repeated internally, spine trembling with the tiniest edge of desperation.

Perhaps, though, now that the urge had worsened, he would have a bit more success if he attempted another… “Intermission”. He recalled there was a single occupancy bathroom not too far away. He’d surely have better luck in there. The room was smaller, it wouldn’t echo as much, there was no threat of anyone else entering it before he was finished… Yes, so long as the hallway outside the door was clear, no one would hear a thing!

Alastor swept down the hall, spine straight as an antenna, static crackling faintly with every step. He was fine. He was fine. He was PERFECTLY fine! The Radio Demon did not “need to pee.” He merely… Wished to inspect the plumbing situation in the establishment. Yes. A purely managerial matter.

Unfortunately for his dignity, Angel Dust trailed after him, heels clicking on the floor like an irritating drumbeat.

“So where ya headed? Goin’ to broadcast somethin’ extra spicy?”

“I am conducting a routine inspection!” Alastor announced, his voice crackling into a triumphant flourish. “One must ensure that the facilities of this fine establishment remain— Ah— Functional!”

Angel snickered. “Functional, huh? ‘Cause it looks like somethin’ else is about to MALfunction.”

Alastor’s grin froze. He quickened his pace.

Angel matched him. “Y’know, for someone who’s supposed to be all-powerful, you sure walk like a guy who’s afraid to sneeze.”

“Angel,” Alastor said through a teeth-clenched grin, “I would strongly advise you to—” A faint static screech slipped out. A very unfortunate squeaky noise.

Angel immediately choked on laughter, doubling over.

Alastor whirled around, face twitching, voice booming at full volume. “THAT IS QUITE ENOUGH OUT OF YOU!”

The lights flickered. The walls trembled. For a brief, terrifying second, it looked as though Angel Dust might actually get vaporized for his insolence.

Then Alastor froze. Blinked. His smile returned to normal, strained but sweet. “Now if you’ll excuse me…” He reached for the bathroom door—

Click.

It didn’t budge.

Occupied.

“Ohhh nooo…” Angel said, sashaying closer, “Don’t tell me someone beat you to the john, Mr. Radio Demon?”

There was a silence, then a low, distorted hum that sounded like a record being played backwards in frustration.

Angel failed to stifle a snort of laughter. “Think ya can hold it?”

“Of course I ca—“ Alastor wound one leg around the other, then quickly dragged them back apart, doing his best to ignore his bladder’s ripple of protest. “Why… There’s nothing to hold!”

“Al, seriously, you ain’t foolin’ anybody… Ya look like you’ll explode if I poked ya in the wrong place.” He waggled a finger.

“Ahaha…” Alastor subconsciously backed away, only realizing he’d done so when Angel’s smirk grew. “Hands off the suit…”

At last, after what felt like an eternity (and in the afterlife, that really meant something), the bathroom door creaked open. Husk shuffled out, cigarette dangling from his mouth, looking half-asleep.

“’S all yours,” he mumbled, brushing past Alastor.

“Much appreciated,” Alastor replied stiffly, practically gliding inside and slamming the door shut behind him.

Finally. Peace. Solitude. Dignity restored.

He readied himself and inhaled deeply. “Ahh, at last, a moment of reprieve—”

Tap tap tap.

The unmistakable sound of long nails tapping on the door echoed through the room.

“Al? You done inspectin’ those pipes yet?” Angel called, voice full of singsong amusement.

Alastor froze. His grin stiffened.

The single occupancy bathroom was SUPPOSED to be his salvation. And it WOULD have been if the hallway were empty!

He tried to ignore it. He could simply… Focus. Yes. Tune out the noise. Control himself. He had faced angels, devoured souls, and toppled empires— Surely he could manage this.

Then, faintly, through the wood of the door; “Heeeey, you in there doin’ a livestream?”

Alastor yelped. He actually yelped. It was a horrible, strangled, undignified sound not heard since the last time someone had tried to play dubstep near him.

Static burst across the room like fireworks. “ANGEL DUST,” Alastor’s voice boomed, echoing through the walls, “LEAVE. IMMEDIATELY.”

“Ohh, I don’t mind waitin’!” Angel purred. “Just thought I’d keep ya company! It’s so quiet in there. I can hear everything!”

That did it. Alastor’s crimson eyes flickered wildly, his composure shattering like glass. He stood there, ramrod-straight, frozen in a battle between supernatural pride and the cruel biology of his demonic form.

He couldn’t do it. Not with Angel’s voice right outside. Not with that smirk he could FEEL through the door.

There was a long, tense silence.

Then the faint hiss of radio static began to rise— Slowly, ominously— Like an orchestra tuning up for violence.

“…Angel,” Alastor said sweetly, voice distorting between channels, “If you do not vacate the premises this instant, I shall personally rewire your vocal cords into an accordion.”

A pause. Then a chuckle.

“Oooh, kinky.”

The static grew louder. “Hell truly is other people,” Alastor muttered.

Five agonizing minutes later, Alastor emerged from the bathroom looking exactly as he had gone in— Dapper, twitching, and vibrating faintly with static and the unspoken suffering of a demon whose bladder was full to bursting.

Angel Dust was leaning against the wall like he’d been waiting for a show’s encore. One leg crossed over the other, arms folded, grin wide enough to make the Cheshire Cat jealous. “Ah. You finally unplugged the station, huh?”

Alastor adjusted his bowtie, his grin tightening by a few millimeters. “Why, yes! A flawless operation, I must say! Quite refreshing.”

“Uh-huh.” Angel squinted at him. “You sure? You’re standin’ a little funny. Like you’re scared a strong breeze is gonna knock somethin’ loose.”

Alastor laughed— Too loudly, too tinny “Nonsense! Simply filled with energy!”

“Yeah,” Angel said, smirking, “You’re filled, alright…”

Alastor's eye twitched hard.

Just once.

Such a minuscule thing, but for Alastor, that twitch was the equivalent of someone screaming into a pillow at full-volume.

In a desperate attempt to seem casual, he clasped his hands behind his back— Instantly regretting it as that only made things worse. He switched to crossing his arms. Then uncrossed them. Then clasped them again. It was like watching a marionette have a nervous breakdown.

Angel tilted his head. “You sure you ain’t got… Unfinished business? Maybe you couldn’t go with me outside, huh?” His smirk suddenly disappeared, replaced by a frown. “Wait— That’s IT, ain’t it? THAT’S why you’ve been holdin’ it all day? Listen, I was just messin’ with ya, but I don’t want ya hurting yourself. So, like, if you’re actually having problems, I’ll—“

Alastor held up a hand to stop Angel. His smile didn’t falter, but the color in his cheeks darkened to a dangerous, crimson glow. “My dear boy,” he said with strained politeness, “Of COURSE I was able to go. I haven’t the vaguest idea what you’re talking about!”

“But I didn’t hear anythin’…”

The static hum returned— Low, pulsing, angry. For a brief, flickering second, Alastor seemed to glitch— His shadow splitting into multiple outlines like a corrupted TV frame.

“If it’s somethin’ serious like that, I won’t tease ya anymore,” Angel said.

Alastor inhaled sharply, forcing his voice into a calm tone. “I believe I shall… Take a stroll through the gardens. Fresh air, you know! Wonderful for— Regulation.”

Although, Alastor would have much preferred a little IRRIGATION…

Angel raised an eyebrow. “Al, are ya sure you’re not just piss-shy? Lemme help, I’ll give ya a back rub to calm you down, or whatever!”

The static popped like a firecracker. “GOOD DAY, ANGEL DUST!” Alastor barked, vanishing into a burst of static and reappearing back in the lobby.

Very well! He’d just… Resume his day, as usual. Perhaps he’d try that whole ‘relieving himself’ thing again later! If he felt like it! He didn’t feel like it now… Nope. Not at all. Urinating was the LAST thing he wanted to do! He was fine.

He was not fine.

He was SO far from fine that Angel later found him on the third floor, pacing in front of a freshly drawn summoning circle.

“Al,” Angel sighed, “Please tell me you’re not seriously tryin’ to conjure a new bathroom.”

“That is preposterous,” Alastor huffed. “I am simply creating a temporary dimensional pocket tailored to my specific—”

“Or, I could just massage ya ‘til ya calm down enough to take a piss. I could even rub around your bladder, if ya think that’d help loosen things up.”

Alastor’s smile warbled, a loss of composure that was his equivalent to screaming in terror. “It absolutely would NOT.” He lifted his cane to activate the ritual, the circle sparked, shimmered, and summoned… Niffty.

“Oh! Hi, Mr. Alastor!” She chirped. “You okay? You look like you’re about to make a mess… Are you? I can clean it up after!”

Alastor let out a noise that resembled a dial-up modem dying.

He dissolved into a swarm of glitchy shadows and re-formed in another hallway, muttering rapid-fire curses. The pressure in his core was visceral, a constant, clawing ache that sent shooting throbs careening up and down his torso. And, as he’d just learned, a pain of that magnitude had the unfortunate effect of interfering with his powers.

He placed a gentle hand over his abdomen, as if he could somehow soothe the terrible spasms away and regain full control of all his faculties. But, this didn’t work. If anything, the caressing only made the ripples and jolts chewing away at his bladder’s sensitive walls all the more brutal. It was like being pinched on the inside of his body, a tight, angry, searing sensation that made him wobble on his feet and clench his thighs together.

By the time he reached the lobby once more, the pressure had become nearly unbearable. Each time he interacted with someone, it became a tightrope act; Smiling, bowing, gesturing, all while subtly shifting his stance and clenching muscles in a way that no demon was meant to endure.

He inhaled sharply through his nose and straightened, smoothing down his elegant suit. 'Compose yourself, dear boy,' he told himself. 'If you let a bodily inconvenience best you, you hardly deserve your reputation!

“Ah, my dears! What a delightful… Gathering we have today! Enthusiasm! Joy! Chaos!” he announced, static flaring brightly around him, a perfect mask for the faint twitch of his knees and the occasional flush in his cheeks.

Husk tilted his head. “You’re not STILL holding it, are you?”

Alastor’s grin widened, just a fraction too quickly, a flicker of tension betraying his otherwise perfect control. “Holding what? My dear, this is nothing new! I am always… Lively! Animated! Spirited! A veritable symphony of motion!” He spun lightly, the static around him crackling into a dazzling, distracting pattern.

But the truth was growing harder to hide. Every subtle movement, every polite bow, every conversation sent fresh waves of pressure pulsing through him. His normally precise steps became increasingly jittery, his gestures just a touch too sharp, his ever-present grin starting to twitch at the corners.

‘I can endure… I will endure…’ he reminded himself, gripping his cane so tightly that the polished wood threatened to splinter. ‘This is but a test of patience, of willpower, of… Oh dear…’

Alastor's foot tapped nervously against the floor, a staccato rhythm of rising panic disguised as a gentlemanly shuffle. Each tap seemed to echo louder than the last, a morbid percussion in the already cacophonous hotel.

"Calm, calm," he whispered to his shadow, which flitted nervously along the walls like a sentient ink blot. "You are a master of subtlety and charm. Surely even THIS can be—“

A sudden clatter in the lounge— A dropped plate— Made him flinch violently, coiling his legs together and clutching his cane to his chest like a shield. For a terrifying moment, he imagined Husk or Angel Dust noticing, imagining them witnessing the slightest hint of weakness, and the static around him seemed to pulse in nervous rhythm.

He made his way to a small, empty corner of the lobby, determined to preserve his dignity. His legs still crossed firmly, cane gripped tightly, back straight, grin fixed, static flickering in carefully choreographed bursts. But even as he composed himself, the gnawing insistence of his own bladder was impossible to ignore.

Each passing minute became a battle of concentration; Speaking, gesturing, greeting guests— All while secretly enduring the relentless, insistent pressure that no one could ever see. Alastor’s mind raced, calculating every potential distraction, every possible method of hiding his horrific discomfort.

Alastor's jaw clenched. He could hear his own heartbeat, a rhythmic reminder that patience alone would not suffice.

His bladder lurched with such a terrible, violent spasm that he practically doubled over, his hands ALMOST flying between his legs in a gesture of desperation that would have been impossible to mask. He stopped them just in time, snapping his fingers instead and letting himself vanish.

Alastor rematerialized behind the hotel, where the sulfur-scented air hung thick and the only witnesses were some wilted flowers that Charlie had attempted to grow.

“Ahhh,” he sighed. “Solitude. At last!”

He looked around carefully. Nobody. Just the faint hum of Hell’s ambience and the urgent ticking of his internal crisis clock.

He walked through the back entrance that led to the lesser-used bathrooms— The GOOD ones, the ones without anything carved into the stalls. He had nearly reached the door to one when—

“HI AGAIN, MR. ALASTOR!”

The voice shot through the air like a bullet made of sugar and chaos.

Alastor froze mid-step, face twitching hard, legs squeezing. Slowly, mechanically, he turned.

There was Niffty, mop in hand, her one eye sparkling. She was already halfway through scrubbing the hallway, humming some chipper 1950s cleaning jingle.

“Oh! You almost stepped right on my clean floors!” she chirped. “They’re all shiny! Don’t you love it when the floor GLEAMS like freshly peeled skin?”

“Ah— Quite the marvelous job as always, my dear!” Alastor said with a forced chuckle. “But I, ah, simply need to— Attend to a brief personal matter.”

“Oh! You mean you still gotta GO?”

Alastor froze. Again. “I— What— NO! I merely— Ah— Wish to inspect the plumbing!” he said, voice climbing an octave.

“Oooh, good idea!” Niffty grinned. “I was JUST about to mop in there! Perfect timing! You can tell me if I miss a spot!”

Alastor blinked. “I— You— What?”

Before he could protest, Niffty zipped past him and pushed open the door, humming happily. The smell of cleaning fluid filled the hall.

“Don’t worry!” she called cheerfully. “You can come in while I work! I don’t mind sharing space!“

For the first time ever, the Radio Demon genuinely considered dissolving into static and never reforming. He stared at the open door, twitching, jaw locked in a manic smile. “Ha ha… Well,” he said through clenched teeth, “Isn’t that… Jolly?”

Inside, Niffty had already begun scrubbing a sink. “Just don’t step in the soap! It’s slippery! Hey, you’re kinda tense, huh? You okay? You look like you swallowed a knife!”

Alastor’s laugh came out as a shrill, crackling broadcast tone. “Perfectly fine, my dear! Simply radiant!”

“Good! ‘Cause your face is doing that twitchy thing again!”

He stood there for a long moment, gripping the doorframe hard. “Alright! I see you have things well in hand. I shall… Return later!” He spun on his heel and hurried off down the hall, a faint trail of static in his wake.

Alastor didn’t get very far.

He made it halfway down the hall before stopping, pressing his thighs together, and letting out a strained, mechanical laugh that crackled like a skipping vinyl. “Oho— Oh, dear—“ he winced. His entire midsection felt like it was scorched from the inside out. His abdominal muscles straining, yet continuing to be pulled even further outwards by the rapidly expanding balloon of liquid in his core.

Shakily, he straightened his jacket, smoothed his hair, and turned back towards the restroom with the confidence of someone about to host a broadcast, not… Someone about to lose a battle against his own bladder.

When he re-entered, Niffty was still humming and darting around like a caffeinated tornado, wiping mirrors that already gleamed.

“Oh! You’re back!” she chirped. “Couldn’t stay away from my spotless counters, huh?”

Alastor let out a tight chuckle. “Indeed! I was simply so impressed by your dedication that I felt compelled to offer… Support.”

Niffty’s single eye widened. “Really? Oh, that’s so sweet! You wanna help me clean?”

The Radio Demon froze like a deer spotting a hunter— And, oh, why did he have to think of THAT image now?! Wasn’t he embarrassed enough as it was?! “Ah, WELL! My dear, I would LOVE to, but I’m afraid my… Schedule… Prevents me from— Uh— Manual exertion… And… Bending down…”

“Aw, that’s okay! You can talk to me while I work! It gets lonely cleaning bathrooms!”

Alastor’s smile twitched. “Oh— Yes— Delightful idea!” His composure flickered. He pressed a hand to his face for a moment, inhaled sharply. His grin never wavered outwardly, but inside… Inside, a storm raged that was far more treacherous than any he had ever conjured for his own amusement.

He stood awkwardly by the sinks, every muscle in his body locked, trying desperately to keep up casual small talk while his entire existence screamed for escape— For relief!

“So!” he began in his best cheery radio-tone. “How goes the sanitation situation?”

“Oh, it’s great!” Niffty said brightly. “Though someone’s been leaving little scorch marks near the baseboards again. Probably you. Or Lucifer. Or both!”

“Hah! How incorrigible of us!”

Niffty bent down to scrub the floor tiles, humming a tune that might have been from a detergent commercial. Alastor stared at the ceiling, sweating static.

He had to get her out. SOMEHOW.

“Well,” he said lightly, “Since you are clearly doing a stellar job, perhaps you deserve a short break! A reward, even! Have you considered… Refreshments?”

Niffty paused mid-scrub. “Oooh! You mean like coffee?”

“Yes! Coffee! FAR away from here!”

Her eye lit up. “Oh, I love coffee! But I should probably finish mopping first. The floor’s still kinda sticky!”

Alastor’s grin wavered. “Ah— Sticky, yes, dreadful thing, terrible! But cleanliness can wait when caffeine calls, my dear!”

“Aw, you’re so considerate!” she said, looking genuinely touched. “You know what? I’ll be quick!”

She started scrubbing even faster— A blur of brushes and rags. The sound was deafening.

Scritch-scritch-scritch!

Alastor’s eye twitched again. He had never hated the sound of cleaning so much in his afterlife.

“Perhaps,” he managed through clenched teeth, “You could… Finish that section later?”

“No can do!” Niffty said cheerfully. “Look at all that grime! If I don’t get this out RIGHT NOW, it’ll bother me all day!”

“You don’t say…” Alastor muttered under his breath.

By the time she’d finished one corner, Alastor was standing so rigidly still that he might have been mistaken for a statue— A very distressed, sweating, murderous statue.

Finally, with a little hop, Niffty declared, “All clean! Wow, this place sparkles!”

Alastor exhaled through gritted teeth. “Marvelous! Now, why don’t you go fetch that well-deserved coffee, hmm?”

“Oh, good idea!” she chirped, wiping her hands. “You want some?”

“NO,” The word came out as a deep, distorted growl layered with static, shaking the mirror slightly.

Niffty blinked. “…Oookay! Suit yourself!” She zipped off, humming all the way down the hall.

The door finally clicked shut behind her.

Alastor waited.

And waited.

He leaned towards the door, one ear cocked like a hunting dog listening for prey. Nothing. Not a squeak, not a hum.

Alastor sagged against the counter, muttering to himself: “Finally. Peace. Solitude. Deliverance.”

He adjusted his tie, cracked his knuckles, and stepped into a stall like a man entering a confessional booth. The world was still. The fluorescent lights flickered once, then held steady.

This was it. The time had come at last.

He closed his eyes, tried to relax—

… And immediately imagined Niffty bursting through the door with a cheery, “Forgot my mop!”

Every muscle in his body turned to concrete.

He opened one eye, glared at the door. Silence.

Another deep breath. He tried again.

Nothing.

His own mind betrayed him with an intrusive montage; Niffty’s endless chatter, Angel’s mocking grin, Husk’s apathetic commentary. Hell itself seemed to hum with potential interruption.

He gave a strangled laugh. “Oh, splendid. Paralyzed by paranoia. How perfect.”

Static rippled through the room. The sink handles shuddered. A lightbulb popped.

He tried to psych himself up like he would before a live broadcast; “Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! Tonight’s program is called ‘Letting Go!’, and—“ He stopped mid-sentence, mortified by the echo of the ridiculous words. “And— Ahaha— And, I despise my existence!”

For a minute, the only sound was that of his own static. Then—

Clink.

Something rattled in the hallway outside.

“Doo-doo-doo, forgot my bucket!” Niffty’s voice sang faintly.

Alastor stiffened like he’d been hit by lightning. The static in the room surged until it sounded like a hundred radios hissing at once.

He yanked open the stall, adjusted his tie with the fury of a man betrayed by fate itself, and bolted out the door just as Niffty bounced in.

“Oh, Mr. Alastor? You— Huh? Where’d he go?”

By the time Alastor reappeared in the hotel lobby, he looked every bit the picture of poise again— If one ignored the faint twitch in his smile and the occasional, involuntary bzzt of static that escaped like steam from a kettle.

He glided across the room, cane clicking smartly on the tile, humming an old jazz tune as if nothing in the world were amiss.

Nothing to see here. No distress. No weakness. Most certainly no stage-fright!

Just the Radio Demon being the Radio Demon.

Only, by now, the sheer intensity of his need made the lobby seem brighter, louder, and more threatening than usual. Each laugh, each clink of glass, each movement of the hotel’s patrons… It all felt like it was conspiring against him, drawing attention to a weakness he could never allow anyone to witness.

Alastor gritted his teeth. ‘I will hold… I will endure…‘

And so he continued, radiant, terrifying, unnervingly composed on the outside, while inside, he fought a private, escalating, and excruciatingly human battle against the relentless, bright hot pressure that threatened to undo him entirely.

Charlie looked up from behind the reception desk, bright as ever. “Oh! Hello, Alastor! You seem… Extra energetic!”

“Ha! Why, my dear, I am always energetic!” he said, voice cracking ever so slightly.

Charlie giggled. “That’s great! We’re going to have a full meeting today— Everyone’s gathered in the back already!”

Alastor’s grin wavered. “Everyone?”

“Yup!” Charlie led him towards another room.

Angel Dust, sprawled across the couch with a leg in the air, waved lazily. “Hey Alastor, you feelin’ any lighter yet?”

Alastor froze mid-step, his shadow momentarily darkening the carpet. He flinched at the image, and the unwanted thoughts about OTHER ways he could make that material appear darker. “Why, Angel! How lovely to see you still breathing.”

Angel gave him a worried look. “Seriously, are ya oka—“

“FINE!”

Across the room, Husk snorted into his drink.

Vaggie frowned from the corner. “Do I even want to know what’s going on?”

“No,” Alastor and Angel said at the same time.

Charlie clapped her hands. “Alright, everyone! Meeting time! Let’s talk progress and positivity!”

Alastor managed a bow that left him splitting at his seams, his grin stiff as a board. “By all means!”

He took his seat— The most precarious motion of the day— And tried to look composed. He crossed one leg over the other. Then uncrossed it. Then crossed it again.

Angel Dust leaned in. “You okay there? You’re movin’ like a guy sittin’ on an anthill. Offer of a massage is still on the table, if ya need to relax.”

Alastor’s voice came out low. “Do. Not. Test me.”

Charlie, oblivious as ever, beamed. “I just LOVE how lively everyone is this morning! The energy in here is electric!”

Alastor’s eye twitched so hard a tiny spark shot out. “Yes. Positively.”

Niffty zipped in from the hallway. “Hey everyone! Guess what? The bathrooms are sparkling clean! Oh, and Mr. Alastor helped me inspect them!”

Angel shot Alastor another worried look. Husk choked on his whiskey. Vaggie just buried her face in her hands.

Charlie beamed. “Wow! That’s so responsible of you, Alastor!”

Alastor’s smile somehow grew wider— And sharper. “Why yes, I DO pride myself on… Thorough inspections.” He folded his hands over his lap and sat bolt upright.

Charlie kept talking about teamwork and progress, but Alastor wasn’t listening. His mind was running on one desperate mantra: ‘Hold. It. Together.’

He nodded at the right moments— But, the static around him grew louder, like a storm building under his skin.

Angel finally whispered just loud enough for him to hear, “You sure you don’t wanna take another ‘inspection break’? I mean, everyone’s HERE, so you’d be alone. And I could come with ya and rub your back. Remember, I’ve got extra arms. Bet I can make you feel GREAT.”

Alastor’s grin did not move, but his voice dropped to a low hum. “Angel Dust, my dear boy… When this meeting concludes, I am going to END you in a way that will make the concept of mercy file for early retirement.”

Angel looked away.

The clock struck the top of the hour. The meeting was finally— Mercifully— Over.

Alastor rose, cane in hand, smile frozen in place.

He attempted to stand with dignity. ATTEMPTED, but his knees buckled beneath the heavy, leaden weight of his surging bladder, and he had to catch himself against his chair with a sharp, panicked laugh.

Everyone stared.

"Alastor..." Charlie said gently. "Are you feeling oka—“

“Splendid gathering, everyone!” Alastor declared. “I… Shall be taking a brief walk now. ALONE.”

He vanished in a crackle of static before anyone could stop him.

The moment Alastor rematerialized outside the meeting room, he stood completely still, hands clasped behind his back, eyes darting around like a dial trying to find a signal.

He practically limped down the hall towards a restroom, a manic smile plastered to his face. The lights above him flickered with every step, keeping rhythm with his internal crisis. When he reached the door, he stopped, glanced both ways, and listened.

Silence.

No Niffty.

No Angel Dust.

No witnesses.

He turned the knob slowly, slipped inside, and shut the door behind him with a soft click.

This time, he took a deep breath and tried to calm his static. “Alright,” he whispered to his reflection in the mirror. “You’re alone. Composed. The epitome of dignity. No one is here to mock you.”

He froze. His reflection flickered— Half of it smiling confidently, the other half wide-eyed with panic.

“Pull yourself together,” he hissed at himself.

‘Someone might hear you…’

“No one will hear you!”

He considered using his powers. A flicker of static here, a subtle interference there— Perhaps if he could find a way to mute himself, if the world itself bent to his will, then maybe, just maybe…

But, he remembered how the summoning circle had worked out for him earlier. His powers were behaving a little... Off-kilter, at war with his body's fervent need. If he tried to silence his release, he could instead make it even LOUDER.

The realization struck him in full force. ‘I am powerless to control this aspect of my own form.' Alastor's grin, outwardly perfect and charming, became a mask for the raging waves of frustration, embarrassment, and frantic calculation roiling inside.

He tried to will himself to go, but his nerves were shot. Every pipe hiss, every creak of the building sounded suspicious. The hum of the overhead light felt deafening. He couldn’t— Not when someone might hear.

The thought alone caused a ripple of static to crackle along his antlers. He swore silently, teeth clenched, mind racing faster than any mortal could comprehend.

'No. I will not be undone. I will not be reduced to… This grotesque parody of myself. I will navigate this... Situation with elegance…’

And yet...

Every fiber of his being screamed at him that he could not go.

He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “This is like some kind of Hell.” He paused, then groaned and looked around. “Oh, right…”

Static hissed along his body, ears ringing. He had to focus, had to pretend he was calm. He ran through mental exercises; Deep breaths, counting to ten, imagining he was broadcasting a flawless show to an adoring audience…

… But, it didn’t work. Every creak, every footstep, every ‘maybe someone is listening’ made his resolve crumble.

And then there was a knock on the door.

Alastor’s ears pressed themselves flat against the top of his head. ‘Go away, go away…’ he thought. “Just a moment!”

He pushed down hard on his lower muscles, an act that only succeeded in amplifying the ache straining through them. He yearned for just a drop to emerge. Just one drop would do wonders to alleviate the awful pressure. His legs were trembling, as though trying to cross even though the LAST thing he wanted was to continue keeping all of this liquid INSIDE himself.

Another knock, louder this time. How was he meant to void with such a distraction?! Oh, he just wanted to void… He wanted to unclench, feel the rush of liquid come pouring out of him, feel the sheer bliss of release, all his taut muscles finally snapping and going limp…

But all he got was tightness, tension, and the unrelenting NEED to do something his body had chosen to make impossible.

Yet another knock. Alastor’s spine stiffened so much he may as well have turned to stone. “In a mome—“

“Other people need to use the bathroom, Alastor!” Vaggie shouted. “What are you even doing in there?!”

What did she THINK he was doing?! He was trying to relieve himself! But, he couldn’t just SAY that! She could hear that he wasn’t going, and that was ALMOST as terrible as her hearing him go would be!

Or, he could tell her something along the lines of; “It seems my body has a case of stage-fright! If you could kindly back away from the door, this process will go much more smoothly!”

Ha! No.

Instead, he made a quick, snap decision. He zipped himself up and cranked on the sink full blast. It was so easy to conjure liquid out of IT… And, it made that… Hissing noise. Very similar to the one he was so intent on concealing when it came from him. He pushed his legs together, ears still flat, grin still trembling. “I’m— Merely washing up, my dear!”

“You’re clean by now, Alastor!” Vaggie huffed. “Come ON. I need to GO.”

Alastor hastily switched the sink back off, a little relieved to be getting rid of the taunting noise. His bladder settled. Not by much, but enough that he could part his legs again.

Only now, he had to exit the bathroom, his bladder was no emptier than it had been before he’d entered it, and face Vaggie’s gaze.

She looked him over as he left, just as he’d expected. He was unable to keep the quiver out of his back and shoulders, or manage the long, confident strides that he usually made. “Alastor, are you alright?” She asked. “Didn’t you…?”

“Didn’t I what?” Alastor prompted, leaning against his cane for support. He hoped it looked natural, casual. He knew it probably didn’t. His whole lower body felt alight in needful misery.

Vaggie looked back towards the bathroom door. “Whatever,” she said, heading inside. Moments later, Alastor was subjected to a noise that was far worse than the one that had come from the sink, he clutched his cane more firmly, giving a little hop and wondering HOW Vaggie could stand to make that sound when she knew he was still out here.

But, the worst of all was hearing her sigh, knowing that it must have felt GOOD, wishing he could feel that way himself…

No matter! He was Alastor! He could handle a minor bodily discomfort without complaint!

Even if this particular discomfort no longer felt very “minor”…

He reemerged into the lobby, knees rubbing and middle frothing with angry, straining liquid.

Another hour passed and Alastor continued trying to hold his usual horrifyingly perfect composure, each step and gesture a careful performance of his trademark charm. Yet, even through his practiced grin and the distracting flicker of static, one pair of eyes had begun to notice something was… Very, very off.

Charlie, endlessly caring, had been watching him from across the lobby. At first, she thought it was just his usual theatrics— Alastor DID have such a flair for dramatic movements, after all— But as more and more time passed, she began to notice the subtle shifts; The intense stiffness in his legs, the way his hands hovered protectively over his midsection, the faint twitch in his grin that wasn’t there before.

She could have sworn he’d gone to use the restroom that morning, but maybe she’d misunderstood what he’d meant by “a brief intermission”, because now it looked like he hadn’t relieved himself at ALL today.

“Alastor?” she asked gently, approaching him. “You’ve been acting really weird… Are you feeling alright?”

Alastor froze. Then, in one smooth motion, he straightened his tie, adjusted his smile, and melded himself into the picture of strained politeness. “Why, Charlie, my dear!” he said, static crackling faintly. “I am splendid! Positively brimming with joy and purpose!”

Charlie blinked. “You sure? You’ve been jittery. And you kind of disappeared after the meeting…”

“Nonsense!” He waved a hand, forcing a laugh that sounded like a record skipping. “Merely… Stretching my legs!”

Charlie tilted her head, worried. “Are you sure you’re not… Overworking yourself? You know it’s alright to take a break!”

“A break?” He gave a sharp, too-wide smile. “Why, my dear, I thrive on activity! Idle hands, devil’s workshop, all that!”

“Okay,” Charlie said gently, smiling despite her concern. “Just don’t push yourself too hard, you know? You always seem so… Tense.”

Alastor’s grin widened instantly, though this time it was sharper, more forced than usual, like a knife pressed to the polished surface of his perfect facade. “Tense? Me? Oh, my dear, no, no! Simply… Invigorated by the atmosphere! The energy! The chaos! Yes, nothing more!”

Charlie frowned slightly, stepping a bit closer. “Are you sure? You’re… Um… Shifting a lot, and you keep moving your legs… And your cane… Are you in pain or—”

Alastor’s grin sharpened further, his static flaring slightly as he twirled his cane with exaggerated precision. “Pain? Ha! My dear, I assure you, the Radio Demon feels NOTHING akin to discomfort! Only the thrill of eternal existence and the endless, delightful chaos that surrounds us!”

Charlie tilted her head, not entirely convinced. “Well… Okay, but you LOOK like you really need to… Um… Sit down. Or… Something.”

Alastor froze for the briefest of moments. ‘No. Never. I will not explain.’ His mind raced, conjuring all manner of excuses that could distract Charlie without revealing a shred of weakness.

“Oh, I’m fine!” His voice was loud, cheerful, and far too energetic, and inside, his desperation grew with every passing second.

Charlie blinked, clearly unconvinced, but chose to smile kindly anyway. “Okay… If you say so, Alastor. Just… Let me know if you need help, okay? I’m here if—“

“No, no, fear not, dear Charlie! I am… Perfectly capable! Entirely self-sufficient! An epitome of self-control!” Alastor’s grin stretched unnaturally wide, his static flickering like a miniature lightning storm as he subtly crossed his legs and shifted his weight from one foot to the other, trying to stave off the gnawing pressure that refused to relent.

Charlie tilted her head, frowning slightly, her natural optimism clashing with the unease she could sense from him. “Alright… I guess… Just don’t push yourself too hard, okay?”

Alastor’s grin never faltered, though inside he was spiraling. ‘Do not tell her! Do not reveal the truth! I am Alastor, eternal, terrifying… And this… This is a weakness. A weakness I will never allow to be seen!’

A faint, involuntary bzzt! escaped from behind his teeth.

Charlie blinked. “…That was new.”

“Feedback,” Alastor said quickly. “Must be the hotel’s acoustics. Needs recalibration!”

Charlie frowned thoughtfully. “You’re sure YOU don’t need a break?”

“Oh no, my dear. No breaks. I— I mean, yes breaks! But not now! I am in—Haha— Excellent form!” he said loudly, twirling his cane again, letting the static flare in dramatic bursts. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I must… Ah… Attend to… Some very important matters!”

Charlie hoped that by “important matters” he meant that he was finally going to use the facilities, like he so obviously needed to. She nodded slowly, still watching him with a faint frown, but she respected his wishes— Or at least his insistence on avoiding further discussion. “Okay… Well… Don’t overdo it, Alastor,” she said, her voice trailing off.

Alastor exhaled the tiniest, almost imperceptible sigh, a sound that no one else in the lobby would notice. He shifted his stance, tightened his grip on his cane, and continued to move through the lobby, smiling, twirling, dazzling, terrifying, and utterly desperate, hiding the fact that the great and terrible Radio Demon was locked in a private, humiliating battle with his own body.

Alastor moved through the hotel with all the poise and terror-inducing charm he could muster, but each passing moment felt like a thousand tiny betrayals from his own body.

After a while, he had attempted several MORE trips to the restroom, every one of them ending in the same maddening result: Nothing.

Each failure left him more needy. His normally impeccable posture became subtly contorted, each step measured and cautious. He shifted his weight constantly, arms crossed over his torso, hands clenching the cane like a lifeline. Even his grin, dazzling and unnerving as ever, had a faint shudder at the corners— Something almost imperceptible, but enough that the keenest observer might notice.

He tried everything; Pacing, subtle stretching, distracting static bursts, humming old radio jingles at a rapid pace, even muttering imaginary broadcasts under his breath— But the pressure would not relent. His mind, always so sharp and commanding, now quivered at the thought of a sudden interruption or an accidental reveal.

‘No one can know… No one can notice… I will endure…’

Yet, someone DID notice. Charlie.

She had been busy arranging some paperwork at the front desk, but her eyes kept flicking towards him. There was a tension in the way he walked, a barely perceptible stiffness, a repeated crossing and uncrossing of his legs that set off alarm bells in her mind. It still looked like he really, really needed the bathroom, but she could not think of a single reason why that was; He’d gone there several times now! Was he sick?

Finally, she approached him again, her voice soft but insistent. “Alastor… I know something’s wrong,” she said, gently placing a hand on his arm. “You… Um… You keep fidgeting. Please, you can tell me. I want to help.”

Alastor froze mid-step, the touch sending a small jolt of panic through him. His static flared in chaotic little bursts, like miniature sparks of desperation. He plastered on the widest grin he could muster, one that now seemed almost manic.

“My dear, sweet, impossibly perceptive Charlie,” he began, his voice cheerful, clipped, and faster than usual, “I assure you, nothing at all is amiss! Your concern is… Admirable… But, entirely unnecessary! I am… Simply… Practicing… Extraordinary self-discipline! Yes, that is it!”

Charlie’s frown deepened. “Alastor… You don’t look like you’re just practicing self-discipline. You’re… You’re really uncomfortable. Please… I want to help.”

Alastor’s eyes widened, panic flashing across his features for the briefest of moments before being smothered under a veneer of over-the-top cheer. “Help? Oh, no, no! There is… Absolutely nothing to help with! I am… Entirely self-sufficient! Why, even this very moment is a testament to my unwavering— Ah— Fortitude!”

He twirled his cane like a conductor waving to an invisible orchestra, hoping the display would distract her from noticing how tightly he was clenching his legs together. Inside, however, the pressure had grown unbearable. Each passing second made him increasingly desperate, the gnawing need now a constant, screaming presence that he could neither escape nor relieve.

Charlie tilted her head, unconvinced. “Really? Because you… Um… You keep disappearing and muttering to yourself. And your eye… It twitches a little.”

Alastor froze. ‘She notices. She really notices.’ The static around him spiked, crackling like a live wire. “Ah… mere… Theatricality! Yes! Merely theatrics!”

“You’re sure you don’t, maybe, uh— Need to use the—”

“NO!” The word burst out, sharp and panicked, before Alastor’s tone dropped back into forced cheer. “No, no, no, my dear! Not at all! What a SILLY idea! The great Radio Demon, reduced to—Well— Earthly needs?” He laughed again, and the static in his voice almost covered the crack of embarrassment.

Charlie froze. It was so, so odd to see Alastor lose his composure. In fact, she wasn’t sure she’d EVER seen him this genuinely flustered. But now, he was avoiding her eyes, the red glow in them flickering uncertainly as his grin wavered for half a heartbeat.

Charlie stepped closer, her optimism radiating like a literal sunbeam. “Well… WHATEVER it is, maybe I can help! You know, if something’s bothering you, we can figure it out together!”

Alastor’s spine stiffened. Together? No! The very thought of someone witnessing… Of someone being close enough to HEAR… His… Situation… He felt his composure slipping.

“Oh, my dear!” he said, voice rising an octave too high. “You cannot possibly understand! My… My… predicament is far too… Delicate… To involve others!”

Charlie smiled softly. “I know you can handle it, but… Maybe you don’t have to handle it alone! That’s what friends are for!”

Alastor’s teeth ground. “I— Ha!— I appreciate the offer!” he stammered, every word punctuated by frantic bursts of static. “Truly! But I am… Fine!”

Charlie stepped closer still, tilting her head again. “Are you sure? You’ve been acting really jumpy all day. I just… Don’t want anything bad to happen to you!”

Alastor swallowed hard. He could feel the delicate balance of composure slipping. The hallway suddenly felt impossibly small, like the hotel itself was shrinking, focusing solely on him.

“My dear girl,” he said, voice trembling slightly beneath the practiced polish, “I assure you! Everything is absolutely fine! Do not trouble yourself on my account!”

Charlie frowned, concern deepening. “Well… if you say so. But… If you DO need help with something… I’m right here!”

Alastor’s eye twitched violently. His static flared, the lights overhead flickered. He forced a laugh that crackled like a bad transmission. “Ha! Marvelous! Splendid! How… Comforting!”

As Charlie walked off, humming a cheerful tune, Alastor sank against the wall. His grin was as perfect as ever, but it barely masked the subtle quiver in his jaw and the twitching in his eyes.

“I… I CAN hold it,” he muttered to himself, voice low and strained, a tremor hiding beneath the practiced polish. “I am the Radio Demon! And no… No one… Must… Witness… This…” He adjusted his tie, pinched the bridge of his nose, and took a deep breath. The hallway seemed impossibly long and twisted, tangling up on itself just like Alastor’s legs were. I am… Eternal… I am… Composed! I am… Am… Oh, I am about to BURST!”

Then came a voice; “Alastor? What was that?”

He nearly jumped out of his polished shoes.

Charlie was peeking around the corner again, eyes full of worry.

“Nothing! I am absolutely fine, my dear!” he said, forcing a laugh that spasmed and hissed. “Merely… Resting my feet a moment!”

Charlie tilted her head. “I don’t think that’s it. You… You look REALLY miserable.”

Alastor’s grin widened, teeth clenching faintly behind it. “Miserable? Ha! Preposterous! I am… Enjoying… Myself tremendously! Quite— Ha!— Wonderful, indeed!”

Charlie tilted her head, concern sharpening into panic. “Alastor… I really think you need to pee…”

“Ha! No!” he interrupted, voice suddenly sharp, though still infused with manic cheer, a flurry of static crackling around him. “I… I assure you, I am quite… Capable of handling anything! Entirely! In fact—”

A sudden twitch in his stance betrayed him, a subtle wobble in his knees as he tried to adjust his posture without drawing attention. Charlie’s eyes widened slightly, realizing she might be pressing him too hard— But, her compassion didn’t waver.

“Alastor… I’m not going to force you,” she said softly, voice calm. “But you don’t have to hide things from me. I just… I just want to help. You obviously need to use the restroom, but something’s stopping you. What is it?”

Alastor’s grin stretched unnaturally wide, static flickering like tiny lightning bolts across his form. “And I… I appreciate your… Boundless concern! Truly! But I assure you, your dear Radio Demon… is… Perfectly… Fine!”

He straightened with as much dramatic flair as he could muster, cane tapping sharply against the floor, and moved towards the bar, desperately hoping Husk or Angel Dust might offer a distraction. But the truth gnawed at him relentlessly; The longer he tried to hold it, the more impossible it became to do so.

‘I will endure… I must endure… Charlie cannot know… No one can know…’

He stood and walked off to the best of his ability. With every step, every exaggerated twirl of his cane, every carefully measured greeting to another guest, the ocean raging within him escalated, inching ever closer to the limits of his endurance.

By that evening, Alastor’s situation had escalated beyond the point of subtle tension. Every step was painful, every motion a frantic attempt to soothe the unbearable pressure gnawing at him from within. His normally flawless composure was cracking.

His grin had begun to tremble uncontrollably at the edges, static flickering wildly around him like a storm threatening to break. He shifted from foot to foot with desperate precision. Even the smallest movements— A polite bow, a graceful spin— Sent a fresh wave of panic coursing through him.

‘I must endure… I will not break…’ he repeated to himself, though each repetition sounded less convincing even to himself.

Charlie had been watching from across the lobby for several minutes now, her heart aching at all of the signs of his distress. Finally, she approached him, her voice firm but gentle. “Alastor… Stop pretending,” she said. “I can see that you’re in serious pain. Please… Tell me the truth so I can help you!”

Alastor froze mid-step, his cane hovering in the air. His eyes widened. The static around him sputtered and hissed, a chaotic accompaniment to the internal storm raging within. “Stop pretending?” he echoed, voice trembling, though he tried to force cheerfulness back into it. “My dear… Sweet… Ever-so-concerned Charlie… There is… Nothing to pretend! Nothing at all!”

Charlie stepped closer, refusing to be deterred. “Alastor… I’m serious. You’re fidgeting constantly… I can tell you’re having an emergency. Please, I can help. But only if you tell me what’s going on.”

Alastor’s heart raced, his panic climbing to nearly unbearable heights. He had never faced this before— Not even the most terrifying of Hell’s adversaries could push him like this. And yet, here was Charlie, gently but insistently demanding the truth.

He gritted his teeth, tried to straighten up, twirled his cane in a flourish, but the truth would not be denied by his own body. His legs shook subtly, his knees pressed together so tightly it was nearly painful, and the horrendous pressure of his bladder seared through him with every passing second.

“I… I… Really have to…” he stammered, words failing him. A bead of sweat ran down his temple, something Alastor did not typically allow. “No. I am… Utterly… Perfectly fine! Entirely composed! Unbreakable!”

Charlie’s eyes hardened with determination. “Alastor… No. I can see that you’re not fine. You don’t have to be embarrassed. I just want to help. Please… You can trust me.”

Alastor’s internal torment reached its apex. His composure was hanging by a thread, static crackling wildly as he shifted frantically, trying to maintain his mask while battling the most humiliating weakness he had ever faced.

‘This… Is… Unbearable… I cannot—‘

Alastor’s jaw tightened. Every instinct screamed at him to retreat, to vanish in a flash of static, to never, ever admit weakness. Yet… Charlie’s gaze was insistent, unwavering. She really meant it.“I… I assure you, my dear,” he said, forcing a deep, shuddering breath, “I… I am… In perfect control of… Every… Function! Entirely… Composed…”

Charlie’s brow furrowed. “Alastor, you’re… Pained. I can see it. Please… Just tell me what’s going on. I… I know you really need to use the bathroom, but it’s a lot more than just that, isn’t it?”

Alastor’s grin faltered, his static crackling louder. The hotel seemed impossibly small, and every shadow seemed to lean in closer, judging him. He wanted to vanish, to scream, to—

Finally, in a rare moment of near-collapse, he froze completely. There was a tight surge in his middle, liquid slamming down with a violent force against his quivering muscles. For a second, he couldn’t breathe. His voice, when it emerged, was quiet, almost strangled under the weight of his immense desperation, yet still wrapped in a trembling veil of pride.

“You’re correct… I do need to… Relieve myself. Urgently. But, I… Cannot. I have made several attempts throughout the day, and yet…” he forced out, almost whispering. “Someone could… Hear.”

Charlie blinked in surprise. Alastor had a shy-bladder? Was that what he meant? Awww, poor thing! No wonder he had been so reluctant to talk to her!

She stepped closer and offered a reassuring smile. “Alastor… Thank you for telling me. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. Just a little stage-fright, that’s all. We’ll figure this out together— You don’t have to face it alo—“

“But, that’s all fine, of course!” he hissed, voice low, brittle, nearly a growl. “I am holding it… Perfectly…”

Charlie’s eyes widened slightly, but her tone remained calm. “Alastor, no. That’s… That’s not good. You shouldn’t have to do that! Come on, it’s okay to admit that you need help!”

Alastor’s head snapped up, eyes wide. “Help?!”

“Yes! I can help you! You don’t have to… You know… Suffer in silence!” Charlie stepped closer, hand reaching toward him.

Alastor froze mid-breath. The thought of anyone knowing— Anyone HEARING— Was mortifying beyond imagination. He clenched his cane like a lifeline, his static flaring.

“I… I… Must… Maintain decorum! Absolute… Composure! No one must… Ever… Witness… This!” he hissed, nearly vibrating with panic.

Charlie tilted her head again, unwavering. “Alastor… you don’t have to be perfect all the time. I promise I’ll help, and no one else has to know about any of this if you don’t want them to.”

Alastor swallowed hard, eye twitching violently, static crackling like a storm around him. He wanted to scream, to vanish, to run… But, he also wanted— Against all odds— To trust her.

“…Perhaps…” he whispered, voice breaking slightly. “… Perhaps… SOME assistance… May… Be… Acceptable…”

Charlie’s face brightened. “Okay! That’s all I needed to hear. Don’t worry, we’ll figure this out together.”

This… Was terrifying. And yet… Strangely comforting.

Alastor’s grin quivered for a heartbeat, then slowly returned to its full size, faint and uneven, still a mask, still terrifying, but softened in a way that none of his usual theatrics could replicate. He clutched his cane a little less tightly, the weight of secrecy lifting just slightly, though the clawing urgency still threatened him.

‘No one must ever know…’ He reminded himself, even as Charlie’s calm, unwavering presence offered a small, unprecedented comfort. ‘But… Perhaps… A tiny exception…’ As the static around him hummed like a live broadcast in chaos, he whispered under his breath; “Merciful heavens… What have I gotten myself into…”

Minutes later in the bathroom, Alastor stood rigid, static flickering nervously around him as Charlie approached with gentle determination. He had never felt THIS vulnerable— Not in battle, not when summoning chaos, not even in the most infernal negotiations with Hell’s worst. And now… Here he was, trembling before a kind, overly persistent princess.

“Alright,” Charlie said softly. “We’re going to do this slowly. You just… Relax, as much as you can. No pressure. Okay?”

Alastor’s grin trembled, then stabilized in a forced, static-crackling display. Actually, there was a LOT of pressure. Enough of it that it took a very concentrated effort not to wriggle around where he stood. “Relax? My dear… I… AM relaxation incarnate! Ever serene, ever composed, ever… Terrifyingly calm!”

Charlie smiled encouragingly. “Uh-huh. Okay… Terrifyingly calm it is. Now, just… Take a few deep breaths with me. In… And out… Slowly.”

Alastor blinked, unsure if he could comply without betraying his internal chaos. He lifted his chest with exaggerated elegance, flared his nostrils dramatically, and… TRIED. His breaths came in quick, uneven bursts, and his knees pressed tightly together as the urgency gnawed at him relentlessly.

“Very good,” Charlie said, unbothered by the odd display. “Now, try to think of something relaxing. Maybe… The hotel gardens? The sky? Something peaceful.”

Alastor’s eyes widened, horror flickering across his otherwise animated face. ‘Peaceful? Calm? In my own body’s Hellish grip? Impossible!’ “Ah… Yes… The… Gardens… Ever… Serene… Oh, the delightful… Flora!” he chattered, voice cracking slightly under the strain. Static flared violently, masking the faint whimper that escaped.

Charlie nodded, taking a careful step closer. “Good. That’s good…”

The fact that she was looking at him didn’t actually bother Alastor TOO badly. It was a little disconcerting that she was seeing him falter like this, but thanks TO that faltering, there was nothing for her to hear. None of that obnoxious, obvious hissing noise.

If only it were possible for him to urinate silently!

Charlie took a calming breath herself. “Okay, I’m going to stay right here with you. I’ll… Hum a little tune if it helps.” She began a soft, cheerful hum that filled the quiet room.

Alastor froze. ‘The audacity! She’s actually… Humming to encourage me?!’ And yet… The sound was gentle, steady, oddly grounding. He felt his shudders slow ever so slightly.

“Y—Yes… Perhaps… One… Calming moment… Will suffice,” he muttered, voice shaky but forced into formal politeness. “I… May… Attempt… Composure… Again…”

Charlie smiled. “Good. Just focus on your breathing. In… And out. You’re doing great.”

Alastor took a long, shuddering breath, ignoring the loud buzzing of his internal panic. “In… And out… In… And out…” His static flared once, then gradually dimmed to a soft hum. He imagined that no one could possibly hear him. No one must hear him.

Charlie’s humming continued, a soft anchor in the sea of his nerves. He could feel the tension in his limbs slowly loosening, a remarkable sensation. He was… Actually starting to believe that he could manage this.

“Good. That’s good. Now… I want you to just let go of the pressure in your mind, not your body yet. Focus only on… Letting go emotionally.”

Alastor’s jaw tightened. He flinched as a fresh wave of urgency flared, nearly toppling his carefully maintained posture.

“It’s okay, Alastor. Try to imagine you’re… Um… In a private place. No one else can hear. No one can interrupt.”

Alastor’s static erupted in small bursts, his usual confidence clashing with the mortifying reality. “Private… Place… Yes… Entirely unobserved… Ah… But, Charlie… YOU… Can hear!”

Charlie chuckled softly. “Shh… I’m just here to help. You don’t have to be embarrassed. I don’t care what noises you make. Just… Focus on being comfortable. That’s all.”

Alastor’s knees pressed together, cane quivering in his grasp. He gave a faint, almost imperceptible nod, muttering under his breath, “Comfortable… Unobserved… Just… Please, body… Behave…”

Charlie placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “That’s it… Good. Now, we’ll take it slow. Try shifting your weight gently, maybe stand a little differently, just enough to… Um… Help your body respond.”

Alastor’s eyes darted around nervously. “Shift… My body… Oh, heavens… This is… Humiliating beyond comprehension…” His static flared as he pivoted slightly, knees pressed, the tiniest twitch betraying the relentless pressure.

Charlie’s patience never wavered. “It’s okay. You’re doing great. Just… Keep trying. Little movements. Tiny adjustments. Breathe.”

Alastor gritted his teeth, muttering dramatic, internal pleas to his own body as he shifted subtly. But with Charlie’s gentle guidance, he allowed the tiniest bit of relief to enter his mind, if not yet his body.

Alastor felt another little sliver of hope. Someone was helping him face his most humiliating weakness. And somehow, that made the unbearable… A little more bearable.

Alastor shifted slightly, taking Charlie’s guidance to heart, though every fiber of his pride and composure screamed in protest. His knees pressed together, cane quivering in his grasp, static crackling erratically as if the very air around him sensed the internal chaos.

Charlie kept her hand on his shoulder, offering quiet reassurance. “It’s okay, Alastor. Just… Relax a little more. Your body knows what to do.”

Alastor’s mind raced like a broadcast gone haywire. ‘Relax… Relax…’ Yet, beneath all the theatrics, the pressure had reached a level that demanded action, a brutal insistence that refused to be ignored. He swallowed hard, clenched his jaw, and with painstaking precision, tried to let go.

“Just… Relax,” Charlie whispered. “You can do this. Nobody’s listening. You’re safe.”

For a moment, nothing happened. His eyes darted nervously, static crackling wildly, sweat beading his brow. His pride, his terrifying reputation, his entire persona trembled on a knife’s edge.

The static around him crackled, then softened, almost imperceptibly. He inhaled. And then… Then, slowly, mercifully, RELIEF.

It started as a faint sensation, barely perceptible, yet immediately recognizable. Alastor froze, eyes widening in shock. The pressure that had dominated him for hours was beginning to fade as a few small droplets slowly plinked out.

Tentatively, almost fearfully, he allowed himself to relax his lower muscles just slightly— And felt the warm, golden flood of release pour out of him, easing the torment he’d endured.

A satisfied sigh, quiet and absolute, escaped him. The tension melted, the static dimmed, and for the first time all day, Alastor felt… Normal. “Oh… Glorious Heavens…” he muttered under his breath, voice trembling with the tiniest hint of vulnerability.

Charlie’s face lit up with encouragement. “I knew you could do it, Alastor! I’m so proud of you!”

Alastor’s twitching eye widened slightly. ‘Proud… Of me…?’ The notion was almost overwhelming, but in a strange, unsettlingly pleasant way, it made his body settle and void itself even more strongly. His bladder’s taut walls were contracting down, slowly easing. Every nerve that had been screaming at him for hours was finally at rest, as at last he managed to let go and do what had been so very necessary for so very long.

But, even as the immeasurably pleasurable sensations of release brought him into a state of bliss, Alastor’s ears flattened with a touch of distress. It was so… Loud. The volume of his stream as it splashed into the bowl was a consequence of the volume he’d retained in his bladder all day. He’d been so, so full and now it was all trying to spray out as fast as it could, creating that sharp, obvious hiss and splatter that couldn’t be mistaken for anything else.

It almost seemed to echo. It felt like, even without a microphone attached to him and broadcasting his ordeal live, everyone in Hell would still be able to hear the downpour of his personal waterfall.

To his dismay, the more that idea bounced around inside his mind, the harder it became to KEEP his stream going. He still had to urinate— Quite a lot, judging by the heavy feeling that remained present in his lower belly, but it kept starting and stopping. Like a faucet being flicked on and off over and over.

Charlie began to clap her hands together rapidly. “Yes! That’s it! Just let it happen, Alastor! You’re doing great!”

And… Alastor’s stream evened out again, flowing unobstructed…

His grin— Wide, manic, and trembling— Spread across his face, though now tinged with sheer astonishment and faint embarrassment. She was actually applauding him for this.

But, she was being SO loud that she was covering up the sound of his own “activity”… No one would be able to hear him, regardless of how close to the door they were!

The applause helped… Made all of this so much easier…

Charlie giggled softly as she continued to clap, her joy infectious. “See? I told you you could do it! You didn’t have to face it alone.”

Once he’d finished, Alastor straightened, attempting to regain his iconic composure, though a faint flush of mortification lingered on his cheeks. “Ahhhh… So refreshing…” he sighed, twirling his cane with exaggerated flair. “I… Ahh… Thank you, my dear. Your… Encouragement… Was… Invaluable.”

The air crackled not with his usual terrifying energy but with the gentle aftermath of his struggle. Charlie stepped closer, still applauding and smiling warmly. “I’m proud of you, Alastor. You were brave.”

Alastor’s grin softened, static flickering lightly around him as he allowed himself a rare, unguarded moment. “Brave… Yes… I suppose I can… Show… Courage in unexpected areas.”

With that, he gave a dramatic bow— Finally able to bend over without bringing himself excruciating pain— He tapped his cane on the floor in rhythm with his returning composure. “And now… Onwards! Let the chaos resume, for the Radio Demon… Remains unshaken!”

Charlie chuckled, watching him regain his usual flamboyant terror-inducing confidence. And while Alastor’s dignity had suffered a small, private blow, the relief he felt was undeniable. He decided that asking for a little help… Wasn’t the end of the world.

*002*2025-12-02 20:57

{{2 hours ago, daisyduke said:

You have NO idea how much I love this! I am a fan of your writing since you write one of the absolute best male omo stories but ughhh how perfectly you captured this one!!! I was having this exact head canon for Alastor since he is such a stubborn and prideful character. this was perfect ❤️ even him NOT breaking into a full on pee dance as every other person would have, its so fitting. also his fear of Vox witnessing him xD added the perfect little spice

}}

I’m so glad you enjoyed it 🙂 There is more coming.

*003*2025-12-08 15:54

The streets of Cannibal Town shimmered under the perpetual crimson sky, lanternlights swinging gently from wrought-iron hooks as if stirred by a breeze that wasn’t really there. Alastor walked with his usual radiant smile, cane tapping the cracked pavement in a bright, rhythmic tick-tock that contrasted the soft, distant hum of the district. Few dared to acknowledge him beyond stiff nods; his reputation was as much a presence as his shadow, bending faintly behind him.

He looked— On the outside—perfectly composed, just a gentleman taking an afternoon stroll to visit an old friend. On the inside? He was in absolute Hell. Not the Hell he always inhabited. A personal Hell. One that was quiet, mortifying, and utterly ridiculous to someone of his power. The one biological quirk that clung to him even after death, refusing to be shaken off the way his humanity had been.

And today it flared like a curse.

Rosie’s invitation still rested in his coat pocket; A neatly folded cream-colored card that smelled faintly of spiced peach blossoms. She had written in her flawlessly looping handwriting.

“Do stop by, dear Alastor! I’ve baked a fresh batch of my rose-petal scones, and I simply must hear what mischief you’ve been getting into lately.”

She meant well. She always meant well. Rosie’s cheerfulness was as dangerous as it was disarming, and she remained one of the very few who could coax a rare spark of genuine warmth from him.

But every visit to her parlor came with a trial.

Rosie’s teahouse was charming, bustling, and terribly public— And the facilities, while immaculate, were shared. Worse yet, the stalls were thin-walled, offering very little in the way of privacy. Every cough, every shuffle, every drip of a faucet echoed.

A nightmare.

Alastor felt it creeping up on him now, the pressure building steadily like an unwanted percussion section beneath his ribs. He kept walking, though a faint static ripple danced through the ends of his hair.

“Now, now,” he murmured aloud, his radio-voice crackling faintly. “No need for concern, my boy. A simple matter of timing. Perfectly manageable.”

His shadow, traitorous thing that it was, quivered skeptically.

He pressed on.

Rosie’s teahouse soon emerged from the fog of crimson mist. Warm, sugary aromas drifted out through the half-open windows.

Alastor straightened his bowtie, broadened his smile that was perhaps a bit tighter than usual, and stepped inside.

The interior was alive with warm pastels and soft music drifting from an old gramophone. Demons of all shapes and dispositions filled the round tables, savoring tea and pastries while chatting in lively clusters. Rosie herself stood behind the counter, wearing one of her frilly aprons, the fabric patterned with little heart-shaped blossoms.

When she saw him, she brightened like a lantern lit from within. “Alastor! Oh, how wonderful to see you!” she chimed, gliding over with the grace of someone who never truly walked but floated through life. “You look positively radiant today!”

He gave a theatrical bow, shadows spiraling pleasantly behind him. “As do you, my dear Rosie! Your establishment is as lively as ever. A delight to the senses!”

“Oh, hush,” she giggled, giving his arm an affectionate pat. “Come, I’ve saved you a seat!”

The seat she took him to was in a quiet corner overlooking the room, cushioned, perfectly situated for people-watching.

Unfortunately, it was also right beside the hallway leading to the restrooms. A constant stream of patrons passed by. Alastor could hear the toilets flushing and, occasionally, the sinks running if a demon chose to wash their hands.

His eye twitched.

He sat down gracefully, even as his nerves prickled like needles just under his skin. Rosie set a steaming teapot before him, the fragrant scent curling upwards like a beckoning hand.

His bladder surged, sharp pangs warning him not to drink even a sip of it.

“Now,” she said, settling across from him, “Tell me everything you’ve been up to! I want to hear every detail.”

In the interest of appearing comfortable, Alastor poured tea with perfect posture, even as discomfort nipped at him like an impatient mosquito at the sound and sight of the trickling liquid. He needed to excuse himself. He KNEW he needed to. But, the idea of someone hearing him…

He forced a chuckle, smooth but faintly strained. “Oh, you know me, my dear. Always a touch of trouble here, a sprinkle of mischief there. But before we dive into stories— I must say, your parlor is even lovelier than my last visit.”

Rosie beamed. “I added more roses! And I installed new sconces— Oh!—and the bathrooms have been refurbished.“

His smile froze, brittle as glass. “The… bathrooms?” he asked, voice steady only by sheer force of will. The need flared, pushing brutally against his opening. His thighs strained, pinching himself closed, even though he knew nothing could seep out with so many demons milling around.

“Oh yes!” Rosie clasped her hands. “Improved ventilation, better lighting. They’re very… Open-feeling!”

Open.  Echoey.

Inside, Alastor’s soul shriveled like a salted slug. “That… Sounds lovely,” he managed.

Rosie didn’t notice his tension. As she continued excitedly discussing renovations, Alastor’s attention drifted to the hallway.

A demon exited the restroom, humming cheerfully. Someone else went in right after, pushing the door open with a squeak.

Alastor swallowed hard.

He was going to have to find a solution. Soon. And preferably without Rosie learning his most embarrassing secret.

The Radio Demon felt a bead of nervous sweat slide down the back of his neck. Fluid was battering the stretched walls of his bladder viciously, each wave prompting his thighs to tighten further.

The afternoon had only just begun.

Alastor prided himself on his composure. On his theatrics. On the flawless cadence of his voice and the way his smile could remain perfectly lacquered even while the world burned around him.

But even he had his limits.

And Rosie began noticing the cracks sooner than he’d hoped.

The teapot steamed gently between them, filling the corner with warm fragrance. Rosie had launched into a story about a particularly stubborn supplier who kept trying to substitute inferior petals for her signature blend. Normally, Alastor would listen with mild amusement, occasionally offering a snide quip or a mischievous suggestion.

Today, he couldn’t keep his knee from bouncing.

Tap.

Tap.

Tap—tap—tap—

A tiny, agitated rhythm thumped under the table, his polished shoe betraying him.

Rosie paused mid-sentence, a single eyebrow lifting. “My, aren’t we energized today,” she said lightly, though her eyes were sharp as sewing needles. “Did you have extra coffee this morning?”

Alastor froze for a fraction of a second before letting out a pleasant chuckle. Indeed, that WAS the issue. Two cups rather than just one… But, graciously, Rosie seemed to only suspect a DIFFERENT after-effect was troubling him. “Oh, nothing of the sort! Simply thrilled to be here, my dear.”

Tap-tap-tap.

His shadow flickered against the wall, distorted, restless. Rosie’s gaze moved to it, then back to him.

“Mmm,” she hummed. She took a slow sip of her tea. “Well, I’m glad. But are you quite alright? You seem a touch… Tense.”

“Tense? Moi?” Alastor set down his teacup with exaggerated flourish. “My dear Rosie, I am the very picture of tranquility.”

The teacup rattled faintly against the saucer as Alastor’s bouncing shook the table.

Rosie’s smile gently thinned. She leaned forwards, elbows on the table, her chin resting on her gloved hands. In the low golden light, her eyes warmed— But sharpened, too, as if peering straight through him. “Alastor,” she said casually, “I’ve known you far too long to believe that.”

Alastor blinked. “What ever do you mean?”

She tilted her head. “You always tap that foot when something’s eating at you. And your smile goes a little stiff at the corners. And your static gets louder. It’s buzzing like a trapped fly.”

Static indeed crackled faintly from him, soft but persistent, like a radio searching for a signal. Alastor’s smile stretched— Still pleasant, but with a brittle shimmer at its edges. “Just… Excitement, my dear.”

Rosie’s gaze traveled again toward the hallway where the restroom door creaked open and shut with maddening regularity. Alastor glanced that way as well, legs crossing firmly beneath the table.

Rosie’s expression softened. “Oh,” she said gently.

Alastor’s static sputtered. His smile faltered just a hair; Blink-and-you’d-miss-it. But Rosie didn’t miss anything.

“My, my,” she murmured, reaching across the table and placing a hand over his. “You poor thing.”

He stiffened immediately. “I’m not—ahem—a poor anything. Simply an inconvenient timing issue, I assure you.”

Rosie squeezed his hand, her warmth cutting through the cool air around him. “Alastor. Darling. You don’t have to pretend with me.”

He looked away, uncomfortable in a way no opposing demon had ever managed to make him feel. Stage-fright was not a dignified affliction. Not respectable. Not fearsome. It was small. Inconvenient. Human. The last thing he wanted was for Rosie to pity him.

He cleared his throat and sat a bit taller. “It is nothing. Truly. I am simply… Energized.”

Rosie’s eyes flicked to the twitching corner of his mouth. “Uh-huh.”

Another demon wandered toward the restroom, whistling. The door squeaked open.

Alastor’s shoulders tightened almost imperceptibly. Against his will, he imagined that demon getting relief. The visual was both a tad disgusting, and viscerally painful. The liquid trapped within him rushed hard against his quivering muscles, fighting to break through the impenetrable wall separating it from freedom.

Rosie sighed, kind but firm. “Alastor,” she said, “you’ve been squirming like a child since you walked in. Just say you need a moment!”

He bristled. “I do not squirm.”

A pause as Rosie stared back at him.

He deflated slightly. “…Not often.”

Rosie giggled softly and patted his hand again. “Sweetheart, it’s alright. Are you just feeling shy?”

Fuck. Why was he so incapable of concealing this? No point in denying it now, stage-fright WAS the only reasonable explanation for his behavior. The only logical reason for him to be sitting here, fidgeting with a throbbing bladder, despite a bathroom being readily available. Protesting would only humiliate him further. “I suppose so,” he muttered.

She leaned closer, voice dropping to a whisper meant only for him. “Would it help if I asked others to steer clear for a while?”

Alastor blinked rapidly, startled. His shadow jolted behind him like a spooked deer. “You would… Do that?” he asked, tone catching somewhere between disbelief and horror.

“Of course, my pet,” Rosie said simply. “Wouldn’t want you to feel embarrassed.”

Alastor made a strained, affronted noise. “I am not embarrassed.”

Rosie gave him a flat look.

“I’m mortified,” he corrected quickly.

She laughed aloud— Warm, fond. “There it is.”

He sighed, long and theatrical, pressing a hand to his face. “Oh, Rosie… Must we?”

She smiled with that soft, stubborn determination he had learned long ago not to argue with. “Yes,” she said. “We must.”

Rosie’s expression turned protective— And clever. “I have an idea,” she said, voice lilting like a secret.

Alastor looked up warily. “…I’m afraid to ask.”

“Oh, don’t be! It’s a good one.” She patted the table twice. “Stay right here. I’ll be back in just a moment.”

And before he could protest, she swept away.

Alastor sat frozen, cane gripped tightly in one hand, the other clutching his knee as if to silence its betraying tap.

The pressure in his abdomen pulsed again, insistent. Goodness, he had to go… His morning coffee was screaming to get out, sloshing each time he adjusted in his seat, which was unfortunately happening quite often. Holding still was becoming very difficult.

He swallowed.

Rosie was up to something. And he didn’t know whether to dread it or cling to it like a lifeline.

One thing was certain; She wasn’t going to let him suffer quietly. Not today.

Rosie moved through her parlor with purpose. The kind of purpose that made even long-time patrons straighten up a little, unsure if they were about to be offered a complimentary tart or politely ushered out.

Alastor watched her weave between tables, greeting customers with cheerful little bursts of conversation. Too cheerful. Suspiciously cheerful.

“What is she doing…” he murmured, fingers drumming restlessly against his cane.

He considered bolting. He really did. Perhaps he could make it back to the hotel, where Charlie would be, armed with her ‘grounding exercises’ that erased Alastor’s anxieties so easily.

But, he knew Rosie well enough to understand that disappearing on her mid-concern would earn him one of her talks. And no demon could endure those guilt-laced masterpieces.

So he remained. Stiff, stressed, and increasingly aware of the growing urgency in his lower abdomen. He tapped one heel. Then the other. The pressure pulsed again, sharper this time, making his smile twitch. “Oh, marvelous,” he muttered to himself.

Across the room, Rosie finally finished her chirpy rounds and returned to him, hands clasped behind her back. She looked pleased.

Alastor looked stressed.

“Well!” she said brightly, sliding back into her seat. “Everything’s all sorted.”

“Sorted?” His tone rose like a radio dial being spun too quickly. “What EXACTLY did you sort, my dear?”

“Oh, nothing too dramatic,” she said, brushing a curl behind her horn. “I simply let everyone know that the plumbing is acting up and that they should avoid the restrooms for a little while.”

Alastor sputtered. Actually sputtered. “You— You closed the facilities? For… For me?”

“Just for a bit!” Rosie chirped. “Ten minutes at most.”

“My dear girl, you cannot simply—shut down public conveniences just because—“

“—You are in desperate need of a little privacy?” She finished for him sweetly.

He froze, static crackling sharply. “Rosie,” he hissed under his breath, horrified, “People will think—”

“—That the pipes are being touchy,” she said. “Because that is exactly what I told them.”

He stared at her, torn between gratitude and mortification so intense he considered melting through the floor.

Rosie leaned in, softening. “Alastor. You’re suffering. You don’t have to pretend you’re not. I’m just trying to make things easier for you.”

He opened his mouth. Closed it again. He pressed a gloved hand over his face. “Rosie…”

“Yes, dear?”

“This is preposterous.”

“And yet helpful!”

He let out a strangled groan. “You are impossible.”

“And you’re stalling,” she said pointedly.

He snapped his head toward her. “I beg your pardon?”

She inclined her head toward the hallway. “The bathroom’s empty. And it’ll stay that way. Now go.”

He stared at her as though she’d asked him to dive into a pit of molten lava. “Rosie, I can’t simply— Just because it’s— Knowing that you— And—”

“Alastor.” She placed a gentle hand on his wrist. “This isn’t about me knowing. This is about YOU being comfortable. And you won’t be unless you try.”

His throat tightened. He looked away, jaw clenching, static now a soft hiss like distant rainfall.

He hated how right she was.

He hated needing help.

But he hated this pressure so, so much more.

Slowly, rigidly, he rose from his seat. His voice was quiet. “If I am not back in ten minutes, you are to burn this place down.”

Rosie grinned. “Oh, hush. You’ll be fine.”

He turned sharply, coat tails fluttering, and began the slow, stiff march towards the hallway. Every step felt like walking toward execution. His shadow dragged reluctantly after him.

The restroom door loomed ahead, deceptively innocent.

Alastor stiffened before reaching it, glancing back over his shoulder.

Rosie gave him two enthusiastic thumbs up.

He resisted the urge to turn into static and flee. Instead, with the reluctance of a man opening a cursed chest, he grasped the handle and slipped inside.

Rosie waited, hands folded, foot tapping idly as she hummed to herself. Then her smile faded slightly. “…Poor thing,” she whispered.

She watched the hallway with protective focus. If anyone tried to go in after him— Well… She would smile. She would be polite. And she would threaten them with exactly enough violence to send them running.

***

The restroom door clicked shut behind Alastor with a softness that somehow made the room feel louder.

It was a perfectly normal restroom; Clean, floral-scented, polished to Rosie’s standards. Soft lighting. A vase of artificial peonies on the counter. A spotless mirror.

And yet to Alastor, it felt like a stage with no curtains. Wide. Bright. Exposed.

He stood just inside the doorway, absolutely motionless, every muscle locked in place. Static whispered faintly from him, a low, uneasy hum.“Well,” he muttered. “This is absurd.”

He took a step forwards.

Stopped.

A pulse of discomfort jabbed his abdomen sharply. He winced.

“…Very absurd.”

His reflection stared back at him from the mirror; Tall, immaculate, powerful, composed. The Radio Demon… Scourge of many, feared by more. And here he was, defeated by a quiet room and the possibility— Imagined or not—of being overheard. His reflection arched a brow at him in silent judgment.

“Oh, hush,” he snapped at himself.

Outside, the hallway remained silent. Rosie was guarding it, he knew. No one would disturb him. No one would even think to try.

And yet—

His mind conjured phantom footsteps. Imagined ears pressed against the wall. The echo of a doorknob rattling.

He grimaced. His fingers flexed around his cane. “Get it together,” he told himself firmly. He glanced towards a stall. It looked harmless enough. A simple door, pink, adorned with a tiny painted flower. Rosie had good taste— Even in doors.

He inhaled. Straightened his back. Stepped inside. Closed the stall door quietly. Unzipped himself.

And...

Nothing.

His entire body locked up. His mind bricked itself over like a fortress. Not even static escaped him. Alastor exhaled sharply through his nose. “Marvelous,” he whispered bitterly. “Any moment now.”

A long, agonizing pause.

“…NOW would be just lovely.”

Nothing.

His heel began to tap— Quiet at first, then increasingly irritated. He dragged a hand down his face. He hated this. He hated the helplessness. He hated the sheer ridiculousness of it.

A demon who could warp shadows, manipulate sound, summon torment with a smile—Undone by a nervous bladder.

He leaned back against the stall wall, squeezing his eyes shut. ‘It’s empty. No one is out there. Rosie ensured that. You won’t be heard.’

He repeated the words like a mantra. Slowly, his breathing steadied. The static softened. The pressure pulsed again— Sharp, insistent, impatient. “Alright,” he murmured to himself. “Alright. Come now. We can do this.”

Another long, slow breath.

For the first time since he’d entered, his shoulders dropped slightly. His muscles loosened.

And then a floorboard squeaked, outside in the hall.

Alastor froze mid-exhale, eyes flying open, pupils narrowing to pinpoints. His entire nervous system lit up like a struck radio tower. His shadow curled violently under the stall, flickering like it was ready to attack the intruder on instinct.

A demon was shouting. “HEY—THE BATHROOM’S CLOSED? ARE YOU KIDD—”

Rosie’s voice rose with saccharine menace. “Oh, darling, I suggest you lower your tone before you and I have a very unfriendly chat.”

Alastor pinched the bridge of his nose.

A thud against the wall rattled the porcelain soap dispenser.

Alastor flinched so hard that his shadow shot upward like a startled cat. At this point, he was ready to believe Hell itself was conspiring against him. Someone could have dropped a spoon in the next building and his nerves would still have turned to sawdust.

Outside, the loud demon grumbled again. “I’ve been waiting! Why’s the bathroom even closed? What kind of place—”

Rosie’s voice cut him off with the sweetness of a candy apple containing a concealed razor blade. “Darling, I said the plumbing is misbehaving,” she chimed. “Did you not hear me the first time?”

“I heard you,” the demon barked, “but I didn’t believe—”

The sound of something sharp sliding from a sheath rang through the air.

Alastor tensed. Rosie rarely resorted to overt intimidation. When she did, something had gone very wrong.

“Are you,” Rosie said gently, “calling me a liar?”

There was a pause. A very long one.

“N—No,” the demon squeaked. “I—Uh—Just really gotta—”

“Oh, sweetheart,” Rosie cooed, “Then I suggest you trot down the street to that tacky coffee shop. The one with the peeling wallpaper. Lovely facilities there.”

The demon hesitated.

Rosie’s tone cooled a single degree. “Go.”

The footsteps fled. Fast.

Now, perhaps Alastor could relax…

Relax.

RELAX.

The word, ordinarily harmless, felt like a detonator in his brain.

Relaxing was the last thing his muscles, nerves, or soul were prepared to do.

But the silence that followed was— FINALLY—blessed. No footsteps. No interruptions. No creaking floorboards. No voices. Once again, he was alone. Truly alone.

This time, he didn’t hesitate to breathe deeply. Slowly. Carefully. “This is merely… a bodily formality.” Static flickered once— Then softened. He could feel his mind unclench, one tiny lock at a time. His shoulders loosened. His jaw eased. The oppressive buzzing in his head quieted like a tuning dial edging towards a clearer station.

He exhaled shakily, letting the silence settle over him like a weighted blanket—

And then—

For the first time since this torment began, it felt like maybe— MAYBE— He could relax enough to—

Somewhere, a door burst open with a bang.

“ROSIE!” someone shouted from outside. “WE NEED YOU—THE OVEN IS—”

Alastor let out a sound that was not calm, not dignified, and not reproducible on any broadcast equipment.

He didn’t even hear the rest. His entire body jolted, hands clutching the stall divider as if the universe itself had lurched beneath him. Static exploded off him in a burst sharp enough to rattle the light fixtures. His shadow thrashed under the door like a panicked, living smear of black.

“No—no, no, NO—” he hissed, voice stuttering between human tones and radio distortion. “Be QUIET…”

He squeezed his eyes shut, jaw trembling, that tiny fragile bubble of calm shattering like a dropped mug.

This wasn’t just annoying anymore.

This was torture.

And for a demon who excelled at torment, the irony was almost insulting.

Outside, Rosie’s voice rose with urgent command. “PUT DOWN THE BAKING SHEET— STOP WAVING IT AROUND— NO, TURN OFF THE PILOT LIGHT— NO— DON’T– DON’T SMACK IT— YOU’LL BREAK IT!”

Alastor felt sick. Both physically and emotionally. His bladder ached so intensely, so badly swollen that it seemed to push into his stomach, making it churn with a heavy nausea. A deep, twisting frustration pulled tight in his chest like barbed wire.

He had tried. Goodness, he had actually tried this time. He had breathed. He had focused. He had come far closer than usual. And yet every time he nudged the door of progress open, Hell slammed a cymbal in his face.

It was humiliating. Exhausting. And embarrassingly… Human. He hated it. He hated himself FOR it.

Another shout echoed from the parlor, followed by the sound of something metal crashing to the floor.

“ROSIE, IT’S SPITTING SPARKS AGAIN!”

Alastor’s composure finally snapped.

He stepped out of the stall, not with his usual grace, but in a tight, jerky motion, as though propelled by sheer emotional pressure. He stalked towards the sink, gripping the porcelain edge with both hands.

His reflection stared back at him. For once, he didn’t see the towering showman, the charismatic performer, the elegant nightmare. He saw someone cornered, trapped by his own biology. Ridiculous. Vulnerable. He hated it.

Static flickered around him like tiny lightning bolts. “Enough,” he whispered. His voice shook. “Enough. I can’t— This is beneath me.”

But, it wasn’t. And he knew it. This wasn’t weakness. Or cowardice. Or failure. It was fear. Pure, simple, stubborn fear. The same kind that he toyed with in others. And it lived under his ribs like a parasite he had never managed to kill. He breathed in shakily. The mirror fogged faintly. “…I despise this,” he murmured.

There was a soft knock— Startling, but gentle.“Alastor?” Rosie whispered. “You alright in there?”

He shut his eyes. She wasn’t barging in. She wasn’t talking loudly. She wasn’t trying to coax him. Her voice was soft— Afraid to disturb him.

“I’m sorry,” she continued, voice trembling with apology. “I didn’t know the kitchen would fall apart the moment I stepped away.”

He didn’t answer.

She swallowed audibly through the wall. “Are you upset with me?”

That— Of all things— Broke him a little further. Upset? At HER? The one who was trying— REALLY trying— To help? He exhaled a faint, shaking laugh. “No, my dear.”

A pause.

Then the softest, gentlest: “Can I… Come in? I won’t look. I just… want to make sure you’re not panicking in there.”

He hesitated for a long, painfully vulnerable moment. Then, he unlocked the door.

Rosie slipped inside like a whisper, immediately closing it behind her. She kept her eyes politely averted, hands clasped nervously in front of her apron.

He had expected pity in her expression. Or worry. Or gentle condescension. But when she finally tilted her gaze toward him… She looked heartbroken. “Oh, sweetheart…” she breathed.

He stiffened. “Please. Don’t.”

But she stepped closer and placed a hand over his on the sink. Not pulling. Not comforting. Just… Present.

“You don’t have to be brave every moment of the day,” she murmured. “Not with me.”

He swallowed hard. Static fizzled weakly around him. “But I do,” he whispered, voice cracking in a way that felt dangerous. “It’s all I have.”

Rosie shook her head. “No,” she said gently. “You have you. Not the persona, not the radio smile. Just… You.”

He flinched. “That is not someone I wish others to see.”

“But I’m not others,” she said simply.

Silence filled the room. For once, the quiet didn’t choke him.

Rosie squeezed his hand, gently and lovingly. “You don’t have to finish. We can step out, take a break, try again later. Whatever you want.”

Alastor stared at her, and for the first time all afternoon, he didn’t feel cornered. He felt understood. He let out a slow, trembling sigh. “…Rosie?”

“Yes, dear?”

“I think I would… appreciate stepping out. A moment.”

Her smile bloomed warm and radiant. “Of course.”

She squeezed his hand one more time and led him gently towards the door, giving him back his dignity in the only way she knew how— Quietly. Warmly. Without pushing.

Rosie opened the door with the same tenderness she might use for a frightened animal— Slow, careful, making sure not to startle.

The hallway was mercifully empty. The quiet that greeted them this time wasn’t threatening. It was… Gentle. Soft as the dust motes drifting through the warm light.

Alastor stepped out, shoulders a touch hunched, coat slightly rumpled, his ever-present smile noticeably twitching.

She didn’t hover. Didn’t fuss. Instead, she simply walked beside him toward his table— A slow, easy pace that never rushed or pulled.

He breathed in. Then out.

By the time they reached the small table in the corner, the chaos of the kitchen had dulled to the distant sounds of Rosie’s staff arguing in hushed tones and the occasional muffled thunk of something being repaired.

Rosie gestured to his cushioned seat. “Sit, dear heart.”

He hesitated before easing into the chair. Rosie didn’t sit across from him this time. Instead, she settled beside him in the adjacent seat, angled so she wasn’t crowding him, her hands folded neatly in her lap.

Alastor stared down at his gloved fingers, clasped tightly together. Static no longer jumped off him, but the occasional faint buzz betrayed the lingering nerves and the continual pressure pulsing all throughout his middle. “Rosie,” he murmured. “About earlier…”

“Hush.” She shook her head gently. “There’s nothing to apologize for.”

“That is not what I was going to say.”

“Oh!” Rosie straightened, startled. “Well— In that case— Go on.”

He hesitated again. His mouth opened. Closed. Twitched.

Rosie waited patiently, eyes warm and steady. Finally, Alastor leaned back, exhaling. His voice dropped quieter than usual, stripped of theatrics, stripped of the booming radio reverb— Just his voice. Raw. Thin. Carefully controlled. “I… Appreciate you,” he said. It wasn’t a dramatic declaration, wasn’t poetic, wasn’t even voiced with his usual odd charm. It was… Real.

And Rosie’s breath caught. “Oh,” she whispered. Her hand twitched slightly, as though fighting the instinct to grab his—But, she restrained herself, letting him choose. “Alastor…”

“I do not say such things lightly,” he continued, eyes still downcast. “And I dislike… relying on others. Quite a lot.”

“I know,” she said softly.

“But you…” He inhaled. “You have never made me feel absurd. Or weak. Even when I am.”

Rosie blinked, eyes shimmering— Not with tears, but with fierce affection. The kind that burned bright and gentle all at once. “Sweetheart,” she said quietly, “you aren’t weak. You’re nervous. There’s a difference.”

He stiffened at the word— Nervous —And she saw it. But she didn’t retract it. She let it sit. Settle. Become something that didn’t sting as sharply.

After a moment, he nodded, a tiny gesture of reluctant acceptance. “Perhaps,” he murmured.

Rosie reached out, a slow, transparent motion, and placed her hand near his on the table. Not touching, just offering.

He stared at the small space between their hands. Then, with visible effort… He placed his gloved fingers over hers.

Rosie’s heart warmed like rising bread. “There,” she said softly. “That’s all you needed. A moment. Just a moment.”

A breath escaped him— Something between a relaxed sigh and a desperate tremor. “Indeed,” he said. It was the closest he’d come to peace all afternoon.

A crash erupted from the kitchen.

Both of them flinched.

“ROSIE!” a voice wailed from beyond the swinging doors. “THE OVEN IS— UM— SORT OF ON FIRE AGAIN!”

Rosie blinked.

Alastor blinked.

“Perhaps,” Alastor offered dryly, “you should attend to that.”

Rosie groaned into her hands. “They’re going to burn the building down.”

“Then you truly ARE needed,” he said.

She glanced at him, torn. “Will you be alright? Truly? I can stay if—”

He shook his head, posture a bit straighter, composure settling around him like a familiar coat. “I will manage. You’ve… Helped more than enough.”

Rosie’s face softened in a way that could melt bones. “Alright,” she whispered. “I’ll be right back.” She stood, smoothing her apron, and marched towards the kitchen with determination blazing like a sugar-fueled wildfire.

Alastor watched her go.

Rosie’s voice faded into the clatter of the kitchen as she headed through the swinging doors, immediately scolding her staff with that particular brand of motherly severity only she possessed. Pots banged. Someone yelped. Fire whooshed. The entire building trembled with the sound of chaos.

Alastor rested his cane beside him, smoothing a gloved hand over the polished wood. His fingers were steady again. His coat settled perfectly against his shoulders. The constant prickle of static had faded to a soft, almost inaudible purr.

The worst of the panic had passed.

But the pressure had not.

He winced as that reminder pulsed, sharper now, as if his own body were making an impatient, indignant statement; ‘You cannot hold this forever.’

“Well,” he murmured, tapping one shoe against the floor. “It seems waiting is no longer a viable strategy.”

The truth was simple; The moment for trying earlier had been shattered by noise, panic, and interruptions. But now…?

He glanced around the parlor.

Only a handful of patrons remained, everyone else busy and focused in the kitchen. His mind didn’t feel spotlighted. Didn’t feel observed. And without the sensation of someone waiting, listening, worrying— He felt lighter. Less watched. Less judged.

His shoulders loosened. A small breath eased from his chest.

He stood. Took one step. Then another. His shadow followed, calm at last instead of writhing.

The hallway was still empty.

He reached the door of the restroom and paused. The last remnants of anxiety curled coldly at the edge of his ribs, but only faintly— Like an echo instead of a shout. He closed his eyes. Held the handle. Breathed.

“You can do this,” he whispered. Not a command. Not a threat. A reassurance.

He opened the door.

He didn’t rush. He slipped inside and locked it gently behind him. The soft lantern glow filled the room. It was quiet—blessedly, beautifully quiet. No banging. No shouting. No footsteps. Just peace.

The sort of peace he’d needed all along.

He exhaled slowly, tension dissolving with the breath.

When he moved to the stall this time, he didn’t tremble. He didn’t freeze. His mind didn’t scream with imaginary listeners. It was just him. And in that rare, fragile, perfect pocket of privacy and calm—

Alastor finally, finally found relief.

No struggle.

No panic.

Just a simple, natural release of tension that washed over him like warm sunlight breaking through storm clouds.

He braced one hand lightly against the stall wall and closed his eyes— Not in embarrassment, but in profound, exhausted gratitude.

The kind he would never admit aloud.

It was very, very noisy, and with no sounds masking it, Alastor was that much more aware of the racket he was making. To him, it sounded like a torrential rainstorm striking against a metal roof. Even when he tried aiming away from the water in the hope of quieting it down, each splash and hiss made his ears press more firmly against his head.

Still, he could not deny how truly nice it felt. His middle ceased its infernal cramping, the torment replaced by a loose fluttering as all of the muscles eased. He blew out a small sigh, as soft as possible. Certainly, no one could ever know how much he was enjoying this…

When it was over, he felt lighter, clearer and blessedly unburdened.

He straightened his coat, smoothed his gloves, and paused a moment before leaving, letting the remainder of his nerves settle like dust.

“…Thank goodness,” he muttered.

His reflection in the mirror looked calm. Present. The smile had evened out, genuine in its softness. He nodded to himself. Collected. Dignified again. And for once, that dignity hadn’t come from masking a flaw, but from overcoming it.

When he exited the restroom, the hallway was still empty. But the moment he stepped back into the parlor, Rosie burst through the kitchen doors, singed around the edges and holding a smoking wooden spoon like a defeated warrior.

“Everything is fine!” she announced brightly, then added in a whisper only he could hear, “The oven hates me.” She looked up—and froze.

Alastor stood tall, composed, and— Most importantly— Relaxed, with a soft, genuine smile.

Rosie gasped. “Oh!” she squeaked. “You… You look… Relieved!”

He chuckled, a warm, quiet sound. “Indeed, my dear. Your… Efforts were not in vain.”

Her face bloomed with pride and affection, radiant as her namesake flower. “Oh, sweetheart,” she breathed softly, “I’m so glad.”

He inclined his head. “As am I.”

Rosie stepped forwards and gently straightened a rumpled corner of his coat. “Feeling better?” she asked.

He hesitated— Only a moment. Then nodded. “Yes,” he said. “Very refreshed.”

And Rosie smiled like that was the best news Hell had offered all year.

Rosie set the charred wooden spoon aside with an exasperated sigh before ushering Alastor back to their little table, as though shepherding a guest of honor to a seat of prestige— Even though he looked perfectly capable of seating himself.

But the way she hovered beside him, smoothing nonexistent wrinkles from the tablecloth, adjusting the teacup angles by a degree or two, and brushing dust off the cushion that wasn’t there…

She wasn’t fussing over the table.

She was fussing over HIM.

And Alastor, to his own astonishment, didn’t bristle at it.

He settled into his seat with a soft, tired hum. His posture was straight, poised, no longer tense. His fingers steepled lightly atop the table, movements fluid rather than stiff.

Rosie beamed. The building could be on fire, the oven could be plotting rebellion, her staff could be in tears— But, Alastor looking calm? Oh, that was a victory.

She took the seat beside him again— Closer than before, but still respectful of his space— And poured fresh tea. “Here,” she said gently. “For your nerves.”

He arched a brow. “My dear, I assure you— My nerves are quite restored.”

“Well,” she replied, pouring anyway, “Then this is for celebration.”

He let out a soft chuckle. “Celebration, hm? For using the restroom unimpeded? How far I’ve fallen.”

“Oh hush,” Rosie said, lightly swatting his arm. “It was as important as anything else.”

His smile softened. “If you say so.”

“I do.” She glanced at him sidelong as she set the teapot down, studying the lines of his face— The more subtle ones, hidden beneath the usual theatricality. The softened brow. The relaxed jaw. The absence of forced cheer or tightly coiled control. He looked… At ease.

She hadn’t realized how badly she’d wanted to see him like that.

“Feels better now, doesn’t it?” she asked, voice dipping warm and quiet.

Alastor hesitated. Then said honestly, “Yes. Quite.”

Rosie’s shoulders relaxed. “Good. I know it was difficult.”

He gave her a look; Wry, but not sharp. “My dear, ‘difficult’ is rather an understatement.”

She bit her lip, amused and sympathetic. “Then what would you call it?”

He hummed, tapping his cane idly against his chair. “A prolonged exercise in suffering. An unending gauntlet. A trial of will and sanity.”

She laughed. “So dramatic.”

“I have a reputation to uphold.”

“Well,” she said with a prim little sniff, “You upheld it. Even if you were squirming the whole time.”

He nearly choked on his tea. “Rosie!”

“What?” She blinked innocently. “You were.”

“Do not use that word.”

“Squirming?”

“Rosie—!”

She giggled, absolutely delighted. “Fine, fine! I’ll stop.”

He huffed. “You are insufferable.”

“And you adore me,” she said with breezy confidence.

He opened his mouth— Paused— Felt heat rise to his ears— And promptly looked away.

Rosie’s giggle softened to a fond hum.

Silence fell between them— Not awkward or heavy, but warm. Gentle. The kind that existed only between people who trusted each other far more than they ever admitted aloud.

After a moment, Rosie folded her hands in her lap and spoke carefully. “Alastor… I want you to know something.”

He turned, curious.

She met his gaze squarely. She wasn’t stern, but sincere. Soft. “You can always tell me when you’re uncomfortable,” she said. “Always. I won’t judge. I won’t tease— At least not about that.” She winked.

Alastor stared at her for a long moment. His expression didn’t shift dramatically. No cracks. No flickers. No theatrical flourish. Just a slow, quiet exhale as something unspoken eased deep in his chest. “…Thank you, Rosie,” he said softly.

“You’re welcome,” she said, equally gentle.

He looked into his tea, watching the surface ripple faintly. “I am not accustomed to such… Compassionate intrusions.”

Rosie smiled knowingly. “You are now.”

He gave her a sidelong look, amused. “You presume too much.”

“No,” she said. “I just know you.”

And the room felt warmer for it.

A staff member peeked out from the kitchen, face sooty, hair frazzled. “Ms Rosie? The oven… Stopped making sparks.”

“Good!” Rosie called cheerfully. “Be grateful.”

The staff member paled and retreated at once.

Alastor snorted into his tea. “Your employees are terrified of you.”

“They’re terrified of you too,” she countered.

“Yes,” he said smugly, “but I intend it.”

Rosie rolled her eyes. “They’re lucky you were too busy panicking to notice their mistakes in there.”

He stiffened. “I was not—”

She gave him a look.

He sagged. “…Fine. Perhaps a touch.”

Rosie giggled and nudged his shoulder gently—Just a brief touch, but meaningful.

Alastor didn’t pull away. Instead, he allowed a tiny, genuine smile to curl across his lips. The worst was behind him. The humiliation had faded. And Rosie… Rosie was still beside him.

That, more than anything, grounded him.

He lifted his teacup in a small toast. “To… an unexpectedly eventful visit.”

Rosie tapped her cup to his. “To getting through it.”

They drank.

And for the first time all day, Alastor felt wholly, beautifully steady.

*005*2025-12-22 15:35

Lucifer heard soft steps approaching his door and looked up. Charlie was standing in the doorway, her expression a blend of hope and concern, soft gold hair tied half-messily. “Dad?” she asked gently. “I… I thought maybe we could spend the afternoon together. Just us.“

Lucifer hastily closed the enormous book floating before him. It snapped shut with a clap that echoed through the marble room. “My little starlight wants quality time with her dear old dad? How could I possibly refuse?” He gave her a theatrical bow, his cane spinning between his fingers.

Charlie laughed, but her eyes flicked subtly towards him, searching, gauging. She’d been doing that more lately. Trying to understand him. Trying to reach him.

Lucifer cleared his throat. “Lead the way, princess.”

They wandered the palace the way they used to when Charlie was a child—Lucifer pointing out oddities in the architecture, Charlie giggling. He conjured little illusions; A bouquet of floating cards that snapped into shapes, a miniature sun that followed her shoulder, tiny red devils who danced around her heels.

It should have been relaxing.

But halfway through the tour— Just as they entered the gardens— Lucifer felt a familiar pressure low in his abdomen, sharp enough to steal his breath for a moment. ‘Oh, not now...’

“Dad?” Charlie tilted her head. “You okay?”

“Of course,” he said, airily brushing it off. Too quickly. “Just… Ah… Stretching my legs!“

She raised an eyebrow, unconvinced but smiling anyway.

They continued until Charlie stopped in front of a massive stained-glass window that depicted Lucifer holding a blazing apple. He hated this one. Too heroic. Too curated.

“This was always my favorite,” Charlie said softly. “You look so proud. So sure.”

He forced out a chuckle. “Yes, well. Artists exaggerate.”

The pressure inside of him was worsening, liquid surging against his bladder’s aching walls. His bladder… Which had never been particularly large. It always filled so quickly and aggressively, the fluid rapidly becoming a heavy burden that pushed forcefully against his sphincters, the muscles beginning to quiver.

He needed to excuse himself. He needed privacy.

And that was the problem. The idea of someone hearing him, of someone knowing he was vulnerable— His throat tightened. The combination of his bladder’s meager size and its refusal to release was utterly torturous at times.

Lucifer typically needed to go around once every two hours, anything beyond that and he’d be squirming from side to side, clenching his fists as waves pounded up against his floodgates. He’d have to take short, shallow breaths, as even the simple act of drawing air into his lungs would cause his strained bladder to pull itself even tauter within him.

And even then, if he tried to take a moment to handle it anywhere that he didn’t have complete solitude…

A shy bladder was a bit ridiculous for the King of Hell. Mortifyingly human. But, he could not will his body to relax if someone was anywhere nearby.

He hadn’t told Charlie about the issue. He hadn’t told anyone. Even Lilith had only found out about it by accident, when a full day out had resulted in him deteriorating to the point that he was folded in half, legs knotted like a confused pretzel, hands mashed between them. At that stage, there was no way he could claim that he didn’t need to urinate, he had become the portrait of desperation. And so, he’d had to instead explain why he hadn’t yet emptied himself.

No one NEEDED to know about this. It was such a silly thing. A shameful thing. His pride practically evaporated just at the thought of someone knowing.

“Dad?” Charlie’s gentle fingers touched his sleeve. “You look like you’re in pain.”

Lucifer straightened, smiling too wide. “Nonsense! Simply overwhelmed by the beauty of stained glass. You know how sentimental I am.”

“Uh-huh.” Charlie crossed her arms. “Dad… If something’s wrong, let me help.”

“There is nothing to—”

Her gaze softened in that way he absolutely despised— No judgment, just compassion. An unconditional warmth that made every carefully built wall inside him rattle.

“Dad…”

He winced. The way she said it— Soft, patient, loving— Was almost worse than any accusation. She had inherited Lilith’s gentle intuition, and he had never been able to hide anything from her.

Charlie walked closer and took his hand. “You know you can talk to me, right? I WANT you talk to me… You don’t always have to act like you’ve got everything together.”

Lucifer looked away, shame prickling behind his ribs. A titan of old brought low by something so mortifying. “It’s nothing, dear,” he tried again.

But, it wasn’t nothing. His tiny bladder was already crammed to the brim, surging and convulsing and prompting him to jiggle just a little bit on the tips of his toes. His legs longed to cross, but he held them back for now. Charlie was much too perceptive for such a blatant expression of his need to be permissible.

But, he wasn’t sure of how much longer he could actually KEEP his legs spread… There was a bit of a pins and needles sensation at his opening, an urgent, stinging feeling as the warmth of his desperation bore down against it. He mashed his thighs together, tensing them as much as he could. This had the unfortunate consequence of making his lower body shake slightly, knotted up with frothing tension.

Charlie couldn’t miss a thing like that, and her expression softened into pure empathy. “Dad. You don’t ever have to be embarrassed around me. Just tell me what’s wrong.”

He sighed. “Fine,” he muttered. “I… Would like a moment to myself.”

“Okay,” she said simply. No teasing. No questioning. But, she didn’t step away.

Lucifer fidgeted, tapping a rhythm on his cane. “Alone, Charlotte.”

Charlie’s face fell. “O—Oh…”

Worry filled the air like humidity as Lucifer’s eyes widened, realizing how that may have sounded to her. He swallowed, feeling his throat tighten. If she stayed within hearing distance—If anyone did— His body simply wouldn’t cooperate. That was how it had always been. “W—Wait, no. It’s not that I don’t want you around!”

“What is it, then?”

“It’s… Uh… I…” Lucifer’s bladder thrashed even more madly inside him, urging him to hurry up and grant it what it so badly needed. Oh, just the mental image of himself unzipping his pants and giving in to the demands, expelling the tension…

“Dad, you’re crossing your legs,” Charlie said.

Lucifer looked down, confirming it. His legs were, indeed, wound against one another, one foot wrapped around the opposite ankle. So, he had managed to keep his legs apart for around two more minutes after he’d first felt the urge to let them coil. “S—So I am!” He said. “That’s… to warm them! So chilly today!”

“It’s Hell, dad,” Charlie said.

“Indeed…” This really WAS Hell… In every conceivable way. Charlie was still staring at him, expecting an answer, and Lucifer just COULDN’T give her one. She was going to think much, much less of him if she knew THIS was something that challenged him.

Another reason for her to keep trusting that stupid, red deer; HE didn’t have any ridiculous weaknesses.

Lucifer tried prying his legs back apart, but the very instant he’d managed to spread his feet, it felt as if his bladder was wobbling precariously on the edge of a table, about to topple over and soak its way down his immaculate white suit.

He knew it WOULDN’T, not with Charlie looking… But, the painful urgency of the moment made him hurry to tangle his legs together again, bending forwards slightly and releasing a quiet yelp.

“Do you… Need to go use the bathroom now?” Charlie guessed. She paused. “Hold on, do you EVER? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you— Is that an angel thing? Wait, no, Vaggie goes… But—“

“It’s not an angel thing,” Lucifer said. But, how marvelous would that be? If he could simply exist WITHOUT a bladder, especially such a minuscule, uncooperative one… “It’s… A… It’s a… Pride thing.”

“A pride thing,” Charlie repeated.

“Yes, it’s… Just.. A little difficult to… Well, sometimes, I—“

“Ohhhhhh,” Charlie breathed out. “That’s alright. We can take as much time as you need. I’m not gonna judge.”

He swallowed, avoiding her gaze. “It’s not just you I fear. It is the world’s… Expectations. The King of Hell should not be undone by trivialities.”

“But you’re not just the King of Hell,” Charlie said, stepping in front of him. She gently placed her palms on his cheeks, forcing him to meet her eyes. “You’re my dad. And dads get to be human sometimes. Or… y’know… Angelic. Or… Whatever.”

Despite himself, Lucifer snorted.

Charlie smiled triumphantly. “There it is.” She glanced around the garden, spotting a small ornate building nestled against the far wall— One of the palace’s many private facilities. Empty. Quiet. Safe.

“Come on,” she said softly. “How about we go there? I’ll wait right outside. And if it takes a while… That’s okay with me!”

Lucifer felt a wave of gratitude so sudden and so overwhelming that he almost staggered. “Charlie…”

“I’m here,” she said, giving his hand another reassuring squeeze. “Always.”

He let out the breath he’d been holding— Accidentally inviting a bombardment of pangs into his bladder— And nodded.

Together, they began walking towards the small structure. Charlie kept pace beside him, humming a soft tune under her breath, casual and calm, giving him the dignity of silence while still staying close enough to lend support.

Lucifer straightened his coat. It was absurd. It was humiliating. It was something he hated about himself. But, he wasn’t facing it alone anymore.

The small private washroom was quiet, mercifully so. Lucifer stepped inside, closing the carved door behind him. The moment the latch settled, the silence thickened like molasses.

He exhaled.

This should have been simple. He’d defeated ancient armies, forged realms, stared down cosmic judges without a tremor. Yet here he was, standing at the toilet, shoulders tight, heart beating too fast over something as mundane as… This.

He could faintly hear Charlie humming outside, a gentle, familiar melody she often used when she was nervous but wanted to appear calm. He knew she was trying to soothe him. The thought simultaneously comforted and wounded him.

Lucifer took a breath, straightened, “Compose yourself,” he muttered. “You’ve done this tens of millions of times.”

He closed his eyes.

He tried.

Nothing.

Not even the slightest sense of release—only the tightening pressure of anxious muscles and the humiliating reminder that his own mind was his greatest adversary in moments like these.

Lucifer opened his eyes again, frustration prickling hot at the edges of his composure.

Ridiculous.

Absolutely ridiculous.

He stepped back, pacing in a circle once, twice, three times across the small tiled floor. The walls were lined with carved motifs—angels in flight, fallen stars, scenes of early celestial history. Lilith had chosen the decor. She had always liked symbolism.

He found himself staring at one of the carved figures—a winged woman, serene even as she held a sword. It reminded him painfully of Charlie’s mother. She would have teased him lightly, kissed his cheek, whispered encouragement.

Lucifer shut his eyes again and drew a slow, deep breath through his nose. He centered himself. He waited. Moments passed. Still nothing.

The tension in his chest twisted tighter.

Outside, Charlie’s humming paused. “Dad?” she called gently. “I’m still right here. You okay?”

Lucifer winced. Not at her voice— Never at her voice— But at the reminder that he was failing again, even in private.

“I’m fine, darling,” he said, striving for the effortless lilt his tone usually carried. It came out thinner, strained. “Just… A moment.”

“Take all the time you need!”

Her enthusiasm was endearing. Painfully so. He turned back towards the toilet and tried again. He thought of calm things; The quiet lull of the palace gardens, the warm glow of the false sunrise, the afternoons spent with Charlie as a child when she’d curl up next to him. He focused on those memories until—

A shadow moved under the door.

Lucifer froze.

A knock followed. “Everything good in there?” came Vaggie’s voice. It was sharp, worried, and absolutely the worst possible thing to hear at this moment.

Lucifer nearly combusted from sheer mortification.

Outside, he heard Charlie whisper harshly, “Vaggie! He’s fine, he’s just— We’re having a moment!”

“A moment?” Vaggie echoed. “Is he hurt? Did someone try to break in? Did his back give out? Did another one of those stupid angel relics explode?!”

Lucifer pressed his hands to his face.

Charlie groaned. “Vaggie, please stop making up disasters!”

“What? They happen to him all the time.”

“That is not— Okay, it’s a little true, but this time it’s not that!”

Lucifer heard footsteps pacing.

Then Charlie again, her voice softening as she spoke through the door: “Dad? Don’t worry about her. She’s just checking on us. Take your time, okay?”

He let out a breath, laughter and despair tangled together. Even as king, he was utterly powerless against the chaotic waves at war inside him.

He turned back towards the toilet one more time, determined to try again— Not just for the hope of relief now, but because he wanted, desperately, to show Charlie he could do this, that he trusted her support.

He inhaled.

He tried to relax.

He waited.

Something shifted—just slightly, but enough to feel like progress. A slow uncoiling of tension. It wasn’t much, but it was a start.

Outside, Charlie resumed humming, softer this time, as she sensed the fragile moment and wanted to cradle it.

Lucifer exhaled. “Good,” he murmured to himself. “Good. Just keep breathing.” Slow, measured, deliberate. It was the same rhythm he used when shaping stars, when steadying the trembling fabric of a creation not yet born. Except this time, the universe he was trying to calm was inside his own body.

Outside the door, Charlie’s quiet humming drifted in gentle waves.

A wave of tension released from him, subtle but real. Enough for the fear to loosen its claws. Enough that the impossible became possible.

Lucifer let out a shaky exhale—One of pure bliss.

He’d done it. It wasn’t dramatic, or triumphant, or anything remotely kingly. But it was a victory. And one he had nearly convinced himself he wasn’t capable of; Fluid was rushing out of him, cascading in a thick, heavy stream that made his knees tremble in sheer, glorious relief. He had to brace a hand against the wall just to remain upright. His bladder was deflating rapidly, and his whole body was trying to follow suit.

Even with as desperate as he’d been, he finished rather quickly. His bladder still hadn’t gotten any bigger, regardless of how swollen it had felt to him before.

He washed his hands, straightened his coat, smoothed his hair, and took a moment to reclaim the regal posture he wore like a second skin. A ritual. A reminder that he was still himself.

Then he opened the door.

Charlie was sitting on a small velvet bench outside, swinging her legs idly like a teenager waiting for a friend. When she spotted him, her face lit up instantly. “Dad! Hey! You okay?” Her voice held no pressure, no urgency—Just radiant warmth.

Lucifer dipped his head, a small smile tugging at his lips. “I am, darling. Quite.”

Vaggie stood with her arms crossed nearby, though her expression softened noticeably when she saw he was alright. “You sure? No explosions? No celestial mishaps? No random firestorms?”

“Vaggie,” Charlie sighed.

“What? I’m being thorough!”

Lucifer waved her off with a gracious flick of the wrist. “No catastrophes today, my dear militant one. Only… A personal hurdle.”

Charlie stood, stepping closer. “Did it go okay? Not asking for details! Just… You know. Emotionally.”

Lucifer paused. She was giving him an out. A graceful one. But he didn’t want to take it. “It did,” he said softly. “Thank you. For giving me the space. And the… Encouragement.”

Charlie’s shoulders visibly relaxed. Relief bloomed across her face like sunlight through clouds. “I’m really proud of you, Dad.”

He blinked at that, caught off guard by how deeply those simple words cut through him. Proud. She was proud. Not pitying. Not patronizing. Just proud.

Lucifer inhaled a quiet breath, feeling something warm settle behind his ribs. “You know,” he murmured, voice lower, “When I first realized I struggled with this—ages ago—I assumed it made me… weak. Faulty. Defective.”

Charlie’s expression softened. “Dad…” She stepped forwards and wrapped him in a gentle hug— Careful, as if afraid to overwhelm him.

Lucifer stiffened out of habit, then melted into the embrace, resting his cheek on top of her golden hair.

“You’re not weak,” she whispered. “You’re my dad. And everyone’s got something they deal with. Even kings.”

He huffed a quiet laugh. “Especially kings, it seems.”

Vaggie leaned against the wall, arms uncrossing. “I’m… glad you’re okay,” she admitted awkwardly. “And, uh… sorry if I made things more stressful. I worry. A lot.”

Lucifer lifted a hand gracefully. “Your vigilance is admirable, Vaggie. Misplaced at times, but admirable.”

She smirked. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”

Charlie pulled back from the hug, still holding his hands. “Do you want to keep walking in the garden? Or head home? Or maybe just sit a while?”

Lucifer considered.

The earlier tension had left him exhausted, but something else filled its place now—lightness. Peace. A sense of closeness he didn’t realize he’d been desperately missing. “Let’s keep walking,” he said. “I want to spend more time with you.”

And so they said goodbye to Vaggie and walked on. It took nearly a minute for Charlie to put the pieces together in her mind, then she gasped.

Lucifer stopped cold. “What is it?! What happened?!”

“Dad!” She exclaimed. “You have stage-fright!”

Lucifer felt warmth build in his cheeks. “… Yes, but, uh, it’s over now. I got through it, so—“

“Wait, no, hold on!” She beamed with the unrestrained enthusiasm of someone who had just solved world hunger using construction paper. “I figured it out!”

“Figured what out, darling?”

“How to help Alastor!”

Lucifer froze. She could not seriously be bringing up Alastor again. Now? When THEY were supposed to be spending time together?!

“I have a plan!” Charlie chirped. “I have a great plan!”

Lucifer slowly shrank back, dread pooling in his stomach. “…A plan? Involving HIM?”

“Yep!” Charlie clasped her hands. “Alastor has stage-fright, too!”

Lucifer stared. Then blinked. Then stared again. “The Radio Demon,” he said flatly. “The eldritch entity with the personality of a talk show host and the morals of a drunk dictator. Him.”

“Uh-huh!”

“And you think this has anything to do with me?”

“Well, I figured”—Charlie took a breath, clearly proud—“Maybe if the two of you… Worked together… You could help each other overcome it!”

Silence.

The entirety of Hell seemed to hold its breath.

“…Worked together,” Lucifer repeated, slowly, like the words were dissolving in acid on his tongue.

“Exactly!”

Lucifer closed his eyes. “Charlie. Starlight. Precious child of mine. No.”

“But Dad—”

“No.”

“I think—”

“No.”

“You haven’t even heard the full idea yet!”

“I am aware,” Lucifer said, “and that fact alone terrifies me.”

Charlie took a determined step forwards. “Okay so! I was thinking—Maybe if you two tried being in the same restroom at the same time—”

Lucifer’s soul left his body. “Charlie, that is not exposure therapy. That is cruel and unusual punishment. Even for Hell.”

“But—”

“No.”

“You and Alastor never get along, and you both struggle with the same thing, and maybe sharing the experience—”

“Charlie,” Lucifer said, voice tight, “If you finish that sentence, I will melt into a puddle on this floor.”

Charlie’s face fell just a little. “I just… Want to help,” she murmured. “Both of you. And maybe if you shared something vulnerable… You’d understand each other better.”

Lucifer sighed. For a moment, her sincerity washed over him, soft and earnest and painful. He stepped forwards and rested a hand gently on her shoulder. “My sweet girl… Some struggles are meant to be handled gently. Quietly. Privately.”

Her eyes lifted. “So… the idea’s completely bad?”

“Monumentally.”

“…Catastrophically?”

“Yes.”

Charlie winced. “Okay. No bathroom teamwork.”

“Thank you.”

“But maybe,” she added softly, “You could at least talk to each other about it? Just talk. No… Trying to go.”

Lucifer winced. But… Talking. That, at least, was not impossible. Painful. Humiliating. But not impossible. And if it helped Charlie worry less…

“…I will consider it,” he said finally.

Charlie brightened like a sunrise. “Really?!”

“Yes. But only talking. Nothing else. No… No attempting to… DO anything beside him.”

“Okay!” She hugged him tightly. “Thank you, Dad.”

Lucifer sighed into her shoulder. The things he did for this girl. “This will be a nightmare.”

Charlie just squeezed his hand. “It’ll be fine. You’ll see.”

He doubted it. But for her, he would try.

***

Lucifer had faced rebellions, angels with vendettas, and a lot of persistent cults dedicated to “summoning” him. Nothing— NOTHING—compared to the dread of standing outside the hotel and knowing he was about to have a “heart-to-heart” with the Radio Demon.

He stared at the building.

It stared back.

Inside the hotel, the air felt charged— Literally. Static hummed from the walls. Lamps flickered. The little decorative phonograph in the corner emitted a continuous low “bzzzt” of indignation. All signs that Alastor was feeling uncomfortable, and it was showing in his powers.

He found Alastor in the lounge, leaning on his cane with all the poised smugness of someone who had no intention of participating in whatever was about to happen.

“Lucifer!” Alastor greeted with his usual too-huge grin. “What a delightfully unexpected visit! To what do I owe the… Intrusion?”

Lucifer dragged a hand down his face. “Let’s not pretend you don’t know exactly why I’m here. Charlie spoke with you.”

Indeed, Charlie had already forewarned Alastor of this meeting the other day, during a particularly irritating morning.

From the moment he’d gotten up, he’d been without a moment’s privacy. His usual routine had been sabotaged first by Angel Dust’s rambling monologue about a new webshow he wanted to launch, then by Husk needing help with a broken slot machine, then by Vaggie wanting him to give feedback on the hotel’s latest brochure layouts.

And now, several cups of chicory coffee later, his situation had become very, VERY urgent.

Alastor would never admit this to anyone, of course. A gentleman maintained composure under every circumstance. But even his charm couldn’t distract him from the unfortunate pressure settling with growing insistence.

He cleared his throat, smile widening half a centimeter as Charlie bounced up beside him. “Alastor! Could you help me check the boiler room? Something’s making a weird sound, and—Oh! Are you okay? You’re kind of— Uh—Vibrating?”

“Vibrating?” Alastor repeated. “My dear, I assure you, I am simply… Invigorated!” his voice was cheerfully vintage as always, though he shifted his weight from one foot to the other, trying his best to sway the worst of the pressure away from his opening.

It wasn’t working.

Charlie blinked, concern knitting her brows. “Well… If you say so! But we really should fix the boiler before it overheats again.”

Alastor, ordinarily delighted to torment the boiler’s temperamental pipes, forced a gracious bow that prompted a few seams to begin ripping around his bladder. He tensed his thighs and quickly straightened back up. “But of course. Lead the way.”

Charlie skipped ahead, humming. Alastor followed with the restrained stiffness of someone walking across a very thin, very cracking sheet of ice.

Down the stairs they went; The hotel’s basement had never been optimized for comfort. The steps were steep, narrow, and covered in carpeting from one of the decades that revolted Alastor the most; The 1980s. Such abysmal décor trends had their place in HELL though, he supposed.

The descent jolted his posture with every footfall. Step. Step. Step… His smile twitched. The static around him crackled sharply.

“Are you sure you’re not feeling… Oh, I dunno, like you’d rather… Do something else first?” Charlie asked, halfway down and peering over her shoulder.

“There’s nothing else on my mind at all!” he replied at once, each word delivered like a strained note. “Onwards!”

The boiler room door creaked open with a long, hollow groan. The heat hit immediately; Thick, humid, the kind of warmth that made every discomfort feel exponentially worse.

Alastor’s eye twitched. “Marvelous.”

The boiler rattled ominously. Charlie crouched to inspect a vent grate. “Something’s stuck in here,” she said. “Could you lend me a hand?”

Alastor considered the vent. Considered the warm air blowing directly from it. Considered the hum of the pipes that sounded uncomfortably like running water. He swallowed, polite smile straining. “Perhaps… I could assist… From a distance?”

Charlie gave him a puzzled tilt of the head. “…Are you SURE you’re okay? You’re acting really… Uh… ‘Strange’ today.”

“My dear girl,” he said quickly, “I am the picture of normalcy.”

The boiler hissed loudly, releasing a rush of steam.

Alastor stiffened. It sounded… So, so much like the hiss of… Well, of a certain activity he really needed to partake in…

Charlie frowned. “That’s not normal.”

He couldn’t tell if she meant the boiler or him.

“Alastor,” she said gently, “Do you need to use the—“

“NO.” The word came out with more volume and reverb than intended. His radio static spiked like an emergency broadcast alert.

Charlie blinked, startled.

Alastor cleared his throat, smoothing his expression back into its usual pristine grin. “No. No need to fret, my dear. I am perfectly—”

The boiler let out a sudden metallic clang. Alastor jolted, startled. The sudden motion made liquid slosh, blazing hot, up the walls of his bladder. He placed a steadying hand to his abdomen, which only made the pressure that much worse.

Charlie gasped. “That’s definitely bad! We should check the pressure valve!”

“Splendid idea,” Alastor said through his teeth. ‘Though,’ he thought. ‘Perhaps my OWN pressure valve is the one that needs the most attenti—‘

Another hiss. Another clang.

Alastor winced. “Yes,” he said quickly, “Let us proceed with haste.”

“You’re acting like Angel when he really needs a smoke break,” Charlie mumbled as she hurried to another panel.

Alastor did not dignify that with a response.

As Charlie pried open the next access hatch, the entire boiler let out a low, gurgling rumble. A sound like running water. Flowing, pouring, cascading, gushing, trickling, rushing water.

A sound that, under normal circumstances, Alastor would find merely irritating, but now his smile froze.

Charlie looked back again. “Alastor… Maybe I should take you to the—“

“NO NEED,” he said rapidly, hands behind his back, posture stiff as a wooden plank. “Everything is well under control!” His static flared violently. His shadow twitched against the wall like a startled animal.

“You’re really not convincing me,” Charlie said gently. “You’re, um… Alastor, there’s no shame in having an emergency. Happens to everybody…”

Alastor drew in a slow breath through his nose. This was undignified. This was unacceptable. This was—

The boiler gurgled again.

He flinched. The liquid inside of him was boiling now. It stung against his muscles, bubbling and frothing. “…Fine,” he said quietly, voice thin. “Perhaps a brief intermission is in order.”

Charlie sighed in relief. “Good! Let’s go. All the bathrooms upstairs are working fine again since Niffty unclogged the sinks!”

Upstairs. Climbing stairs. More opportunities for torment.

Alastor closed his eyes for a beat, then straightened. “Very well,” he said, tone dripping with forced cheer. He turned crisply and marched towards the stairs, dignified, swift, and only slightly rigid.

Charlie watched Alastor ascend the basement steps at a brisk, overly formal march; Back straight, stride quick, expression frozen exactly where he had glued it. She waited until he was halfway up before following quietly. Her feet made soft taps against the wood.

The ground floor hallway was unusually busy. Vaggie was fixing a crooked “WELCOME! (Please don’t kill anyone!)” sign. Angel Dust was sprawled on the couch flipping through a magazine. Husk was muttering at a deck of cards.

Alastor reached the top step, took one look at the occupied hallway, and stopped dead.

His smile froze again.

Charlie, watching from a few steps below, gently cleared her throat. “Um… Alastor? You okay?”

He didn’t answer for a moment. His eyes tracked the hallway entrances like a tactician surveying a battlefield. Too many potential interruptions. Too many opportunities for someone to ask him something, block his path, or— Hell forbid— Follow him out of curiosity.

Charlie stepped beside him, lowering her voice so only he could hear. “You know,” she murmured, “There’s a side hallway next to the kitchen that hardly anyone uses.”

Alastor’s head tilted a fraction.

She added, “And it’s quiet. Really quiet. And the little restroom down there just had the locks fixed.”

A crackle of static flickered around him; Hesitation, relief, suspicion all tangled together. “My dear,” he said slowly, “Are you attempting to… Assist me once more?”

“Only if you want me to,” she whispered, keeping her expression kind and utterly nonjudgmental. “I know you like your privacy.”

The static softened. His smile, while still crisp, looked less strained at the edges. “…Very well,” he murmured. “Lead on.”

They stepped into the hallway.

Immediately, Angel Dust sat up. “Yo, Al—quick question!”

Alastor visibly stiffened.

Charlie jumped in front of him. “He’s helping me with a very important royal matter!”

Angel blinked. “Royal— What, the snacks inventory?”

“No!” Charlie said, voice bright and innocent. “Something extremely delicate that he absolutely cannot be interrupted for!”

Alastor resisted the urge to groan. But Angel shrugged and flopped back down.

Next was Husk. “Hey, Alastor— Got a sec?”

Charlie practically teleported in front of Husk. “Nope! He doesn’t!”

Husk blinked. “…Uh. Okay?”

Vaggie glanced over, eyebrows suspicious. “What’s going on?”

Charlie grabbed her shoulders. “Leadership business!”

Vaggie frowned. “What kind of—”

“Important! Bye!” Charlie spun her around and marched her directly into a different room, closing the door behind her.

Alastor stared. “…My dear, you are surprisingly efficient at diversionary tactics.”

“I’ve had practice,” she whispered. “A lot of practice.”

They slipped through the archway near the kitchen. The noise from the main lobby dimmed immediately. This corridor was narrow, warmly lit, and empty, just like Charlie had promised.

Alastor exhaled softly, shoulders lowering by a minuscule but noticeable degree.

Charlie kept her voice gentle. “The door’s at the end.”

He paused, glancing at her. “…Thank you.”

Charlie smiled. “Of course.”

He started down the hall, steps still restrained but far less tense. The static around him eased into a soft, ambient hum— Still present, but calmer. Halfway to the door, he stopped and looked back.“Charlie?”

“Mm?”

He adjusted his tie— Nervous, but maintaining dignity. “You will not… Mention this… To the others.”

“Never,” she promised.

A moment of mutual understanding passed, rare, warm and strangely gentle.

Then Alastor, reclaiming his usual confidence, tipped his head in a tiny, old-fashioned bow— No way was he going to risk bending over again. “I shall return shortly.”

Alastor stopped at the restroom door. He rested one gloved hand on the handle… Then paused.

Charlie pretended not to notice, keeping a respectful distance halfway down the hall. She didn’t turn towards him, didn’t speak, didn’t make eye contact. Just stood guard with the kind of solemn determination usually reserved for protecting royalty from assassins.

Only when she heard the soft click of the door latch did she let herself exhale in relief. ‘Aw. Poor thing,’ she thought. He tried so hard to pretend nothing bothered him— Ever. And while she found his pride oddly endearing, she also knew he tended to wind himself tighter than a live wire.

So she stayed still, back turned, hands folded behind her. The hallway’s silence settled thickly.

Then… Static. It was gentle, almost hesitant, drifting from behind the door like the faint crackle of an old vinyl record. Restless as could be.

Charlie’s ears perked. ‘He’s so, so anxious!’ She didn’t want to speak— She knew sound carried embarrassingly well. But she could offer something else; A little comfort. Quiet, indirect and safe.

She began to hum. Not loudly, barely above a whisper. A soft, warm tune— Wordless and familiar, the same one that had helped settle her father the other day. Wouldn’t it be just great if it worked on Alastor too? That would give them even more in common, and then they’d relate to each other, and be nicer to one another, and become frie—

No, no. She had to focus for now. Her melody drifted gently down the hall, unobtrusive, soothing. The kind of lullaby a person didn’t have to focus on to feel calmer around.

Inside, Alastor stood perfectly still in front of the toilet, hand braced on the wall, trying to gather the frayed threads of composure that had unraveled throughout the morning. He did not like being flustered. He did not like feeling rushed. And he certainly did not like knowing people were aware of his… Practical inconveniences.

It was undignified. Improper. Unbecoming.

Then he heard it; Soft humming, warm and comforting, gently filling the silence just enough that he wasn’t left alone with the echoes of his own embarrassment.

Charlie wasn’t prying. She wasn’t teasing. She was simply existing in a way that made the world feel marginally less heavy. Slowly, the stiffness in his shoulders eased. His static calmed to a faint, steady buzz— The sound his radio made when settling onto a clear station. Her kindness was infuriatingly disarming. But… Appreciated.

“Ahhh…” Alastor breathed out as even more tension faded from his body, this time from the area he’d been needing it gone from the most. Liquid sprayed out of him, splashing loudly into the bowl. As ever, his ears flattened at the blunt, embarrassing noise. But, his eyes also rolled back in immense pleasure. Sweet relief at last…

Outside, Charlie swayed slightly with the soft melody, hands clasped behind her back, guard-like posture never wavering. Anyone who wandered into the hallway would have been treated to the sight of the princess of Hell standing sentinel with the seriousness of a soldier on duty, humming a childhood lullaby.

A floorboard creaked behind her and Husk peered around the corner. “Hey, Charlie, what are are you—“

She pressed a finger to her lips. “Shhhh. Private moment. Alastor’s busy.”

Husk blinked. Glanced at the locked bathroom door. Glanced at Charlie humming like a mother bird protecting an egg. “…Alright. Yeah, I’m out,” he muttered, turning right back around.

Charlie continued humming, relieved.

Several minutes passed. The static behind the door softened into complete quiet. Then, at last, the doorknob turned. Alastor stepped out with his impeccable posture restored, smile easy and crisp again, but his eyes held a flicker of something rare; Gratitude.

Charlie stopped humming. “All better?”

He straightened his coat, smile widening just a hair. “My dear,” he said. “That was the most refreshing thing I’ve felt all day.”

She giggled softly. “Good.”

“And your vigilance, I must say, was… Exemplary.”

Charlie beamed. “Anytime.”

For a moment, she paused, just long enough to think of the best way to phrase this. “Alastor… I thought of something else that might help you.”

“Yes?”

“Just… You know, talking to someone. Someone who… Understands what you’re going through, because he has the same problem, and… You’re glaring. Please don’t glare…”

Alastor squinted. “WHO, pray-tell, are you suggesting I discuss THIS matter with?”

“Um… Just…” Charlie’s voice lowered into a squeaky whisper. “My dad…”

“Him?! Surely you jest!”

“Please, Alastor?! You just need to TALK. That’s all!”

“‘That’s all’, she says…” Alastor muttered. “I intend to keep this… Indiscretion solely between the two of us.” And Rosie, he added mentally. But, Charlie didn’t need to know that anyone else had figured him out.

And… Well, he supposed Angel Dust had seen through him already… And the others had some vague idea that SOMETHING was going on with him. But, none of them were that infuriating bastard Lucifer! The only person Alastor was LESS likely to confide in than Lucifer was fucking VOX!

“Please?!” Charlie begged again, widening her eyes. “For me?”

Alastor gritted his fists. “… Let’s make a deal.”

Charlie bit her lip.

“I sit down with that man and we have ONE discussion regarding… This subject. And, in return, you… You’ll… Always… Assist me with my needs when I request it of you. Regardless of the time or the place. And you are to do it discreetly.”

Charlie took his hand, sealing the deal. “O—Of course, Alastor. That’s… Not a problem at all.” She had been planning to do that ANYWAY, with or without one of his deals in place, but if this helped him feel more secure about everything…

“Marvelous,” Alastor said.

Now, here with Lucifer, having to hold up his OWN end of the deal, Alastor thought it was a bit less marvelous.

“Yes, she did warn me,” Alastor admitted, grin sharpening as he looked at Lucifer. “A tragic oversight on my part, letting the dear girl discover that particular… Inconvenience of mine.”

“Inconvenience,” Lucifer repeated dryly. “She used the word ‘bonding.’ Did she use that word with you?”

Alastor’s smile twitched. “She did.”

“And then she suggested,” Lucifer continued, “That you and I form some sort of support group.”

The overhead lights buzzed. Alastor’s laugh was a needle-thin sound. “Oh, my! What a whimsical notion! A self-help circle of two! Perhaps we could embroider matching jackets!”

Lucifer rubbed his temples. “She meant well.”

“Oh, undoubtedly. And she has that irresistible level of optimism that makes declining feel like drowning a puppy.”

“Precisely.”

They stood in silence for a moment— Two powerful beings defeated not by fate or war, but by one overly kind princess with big sparkly eyes.

Lucifer cleared his throat, forcing himself to speak first. “So,” he began, voice strained, “Apparently we share… A condition.”

Alastor stiffened, but the grin stayed plastered on his face. “Do we?”

Lucifer shot him a glare.

Alastor sighed, static flickering briefly around his antlers. “Very well. Yes. It appears we each… Struggle in a certain situation.”

Lucifer coughed. “That is… an adequately delicate description.”

Alastor took a seat, tapping his cane thoughtfully.“And Charlie believes that our mutual embarrassment will somehow… Encourage camaraderie.”

Lucifer sat opposite him. “She thinks vulnerability builds trust.”

“Absurd,” Alastor said immediately.

“Completely,” Lucifer agreed.

Another pause.

"So... You want to start?" Lucifer asked.

Alastor recoiled with a laugh. "Ha! I'd rather die!"

"You already did," Lucifer reminded.

"Then, I'll do it again!"

Lucifer stared.

Alastor sighed. “Fine,” he said. “Let’s do this quickly. I will acknowledge that I, Alastor, Radio Demon, struggle with a condition that makes it… Difficult to ‘perform’ at certain times.”

Lucifer blinked. “Were you trying to avoid saying… The word?”

“Yes.”

“Good. Me too.”

“Excellent.”

They both exhaled at the same time.

It was the closest thing Hell had ever seen to mutual respect between them.

Alastor leaned back. “Does she know the full extent of yours?”

Lucifer stiffened. “Absolutely not.”

“Me neither,” Alastor said. “And I prefer to keep it that way.”

“So we agree,” Lucifer said, “No details, no confessions, no therapeutic horror—”

“Just the acknowledgment that this conversation happened,” Alastor finished.

“—And then we will never speak of it again.”

Alastor extended a hand.

Lucifer stared at it like it was a venomous snake.

“…For Charlie,” Alastor added with a sigh.

Lucifer reluctantly shook his hand.

The room’s static softened. The air felt… lighter. Still annoying, but lighter.

Which was, of course, when Charlie burst into the lobby with her usual half-hop excitement. “IT WORKED!” she cheered. “YOU BONDED!”

Lucifer and Alastor froze.

Charlie clapped enthusiastically. “You’re both in the same room and you’re not arguing! This is progress!”

“Charlotte—” Lucifer warned.

“And you talked! Oh my gosh!” Charlie gasped. “Did you open up to each other?!”

“NO,” Lucifer yelled at the exact same moment Alastor said; “HA! ABSOLUTELY NOT.”

Charlie smiled anyway, the kind that made both of them feel like toddlers with finger paintings.

“I'm proud of you,” she said warmly.

Lucifer sighed. Alastor groaned. But neither contradicted her. Because for better or worse… They HAD taken a step forward. A tiny, awkward, humiliating step. But, a step nonetheless.

