Jessica Forced To Poo In Her Skirt On The Train

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-12-14 22:35

I hope this story suits the messing fans on this site! I know it's a controversial kink here but I love it - much as I love women's bottoms in general!

*****

As Matt stepped out of the nightclub, he gazed at his amazing girlfriend Jessica as he held her hand. Her straight brown hair flowed down to her waist and her face was the most beautiful he had ever seen. But, most of all, he loved her legs and her bottom. Her modest brown A-line skirt reached down a little below her knees, obscuring her tight bottom and thighs that he longed to put his cock between for the first time. She was a little reserved, but he figured that with both of them being a little drunk, he had a great chance of bringing her home and finally seeing what went on under her skirt in close up.

"So...are you coming home with me?" he said, twitching his mouth and winking.

"Oh, I really can't, I..." She looked at his handsome face. "I..." The wind blew gently through her skirt. "Well, it's just..." She blushed.

Matt's hand crept down to her bottom, feeling how firm it was.

"Matt!" she said. "I can't believe I...well...I guess I could."

She gulped. She knew he expected a lot from her when they got home, and she wasn't sure she could live up to it. Especially since her stomach was really upset. What if she farted during sex? It didn't bear thinking about.

"Come on, then," he said, smirking at the thought of finally fucking the hottest woman he'd ever seen in his life. "Let's get the train home."

As they walked hand in hand, Matt hoped that the wind would lift Jessica's skirt and reveal whatever knickers she had on, but he had no such luck. He was a shameless pervert, and who wouldn't be around such a gorgeous woman? He'd show her a great time when they got back.

As they walked to the station platform, Jessica saw the ladies' toilet was available.

"Sorry, Matt, I need to go," she said, gently resting one hand on her stomach. "Would you mind waiting?"

"You can't, the last train is about to come and I know how long you ladies take," he said. "I'm afraid you'll just have to hold it."

"But..." said Jessica. Sure enough, the train pulled up at the platform. Gulping and grimacing, she followed Matt onto the train. Her bowels were really becoming fierce now, and her guts gurgled as she winced from the pain. She was desperate to poo, and this train had no toilets.

"How far is it to where you live?" she said, obviously worried. She crossed her legs. "I really need to go."

Matt's cock sprang up a little. His girlfriend was obviously really desperate; Jessica never usually revealed she had to go. She might even slip a fart.

"5 stops from here," he said, "then a walk back."

Jessica started breathing faster. Her heart thumped as her bowels groaned. She wasn't sure she'd be able to hold it that long without farting. What would her boyfriend think?

"I really, really need to go," she said. "Ooh..."

She bent over a little, with pain streaked across her face. Her bowels were pulsing to let go, and only straining her bottom stopped her from fouling her skirt then and there.

"You'll just have to hold it," said Matt.

"I'm...not sure I can hold it..." said Jessica, tears coming to her eyes.

"You mean you're going to poo in your skirt?" said Matt.

"No, I...well...I think..." she said.

Matt saw an opportunity. He had never heard Jessica fart before, but maybe he could encourage her to let one out...

"You could fart to release the pressure," he said.

"No way!" said Jessica. "If I do that, I might go."

Matt shrugged. Maybe she'd slip one anyway. She seemed at the limits of her endurance, crossing and uncrossing her legs and sweating on her forehead. Her bottom strained to hold back the tides of shit inside her. Why had she eaten that shellfish earlier? She should have known what would happen...they were still only a bit through their journey. As time went on and the pain got worse, she was increasingly unsure she could make it to the toilet. If she lost control...her little black knickers would never contain the mess. She'd shit down her legs in torrents in public. She couldn't. It was unthinkable...but it might happen...her legs were visibly shaking under her skirt. She groaned in pain as she held her abdomen. How could it come to this? Jessica Simon, 20 years old and the most gorgeous woman she knew, soiling herself in public in front of her boyfriend?

"Pfffrt!" The rich scent of a fart squeaked out of her straining bottom. Matt savoured it as his cock strained against his jeans.

"Did you just...go?" he asked, hoping his girlfriend was dumping down her legs.

"No..." she said, blushing scarlet. "Just a fart...just a fart..."

"Pwffffff..." Another fart blew out of the back of her skirt. A tear rolled down her cheek as she groaned from the pain. And there were still 2 stops to go. She was losing control. She was going to shit in her skirt in public, and there was nothing she could do to stop it.

"Prrap!" The third fart was shorter, but brought her even closer to releasing the tide.

"Just let go, Jessica," Matt said. "Don't torture yourself trying to hold it in, you won't make it anyway. I'll hold your hand."

Sobbing and whimpering, Jessica clutched Matt's hand. "Shit..." she said, appropriately. "Shit...I...I'm going to lose it...I...uhhhh..."

Jessica closed her eyes and gulped, trying to pretend she was on the toilet at home and not surrounded by strangers staring at her. As the train jolted, her bowels simply gave way. "Pwflflflflflrrrfff..." Torrents of shit spurted out of her bottom, filling her knickers and staining her legs. One explosive wet fart after another burst from under her skirt as the shit started to flow, splattering her legs and pooling on the floor. She dumped and dumped and dumped for about 30 seconds until her bowels were empty, then bawled in humiliation.

"It's OK," Matt said, embracing her. His cock stuck into her, and he backed off a little for fear of blowing his load in his pants. He'd never imagined in his wildest dreams that he'd see his girlfriend have an accident like that. "It was just a little accident. You'll be fine."

More shit escaped her loaded knickers and slopped down her legs. She whimpered in a sea of her own turds until they arrived at their stop.

"Look, there's a toilet," he said. "You can go there and clean up."

Jessica traipsed off the train and saw in dismay that it was closed.

"Oh, well," said Matt. "You'll just have to come back to my place in your dirty knickers and get washed up there. Never mind."

Jessica fumed. Her filthy knickers stuck to her bottom and her legs dripped shit. This was the worst night of her adult life. She really hoped Matt had a nice shower at his place. As they finally reached the door of his apartment block, she cringed as she saw an old lady coming out of the lift.

"Sorry about the mess, Jessica had a little accident," Matt said.

"I see," said the old lady. "Fortunately she has a brown skirt on, it could be worse..."

Jessica cringed as she hurried into the lift, with no tears left to cry. All she wanted to do was get clean. As soon as Matt opened the door, she took off her shit-stained shoes and looked around for the bathroom.

"Where's the shower?" she asked.

"Through there," said Matt. "Just wait for me to get my clothes off too..." he winked.

"Wait, you can't...oh..." Jessica blushed as Matt took off his jacket, then his shirt, then his trousers and pants to reveal his cock. He was visibly excited. Jessica removed her filthy skirt, socks, and knickers, then removed her blouse and bra and stepped into the shower. The water took a little while to run hot, but once it did she sighed in relief as she washed the shit off her legs. Matt gazed at her body and barely restrained himself from just ejaculating on the spot.

He stepped into the shower after her and touched her pussy gently with his fingers, massaging it until it opened a little. Jessica moaned in pleasure as he touched her G spot. He began kissing her passionately and tucked his other arm behind her, then slipped in his cock. Her pussy was so tight he came after just a couple of thrusts. Jessica was overcome by the pleasure and helplessly climaxed too. They embraced tightly. Jessica really wished their first time hadn't been so messy, but Matt had had the time of his life, and Jessica knew that her boyfriend really loved her even when she made a mess...

*001*2020-12-22 10:28

Thanks for all the positive reactions. I'm glad my messing stories are getting some good reception.

