Sofia's huge bladder bulge

Author: Size_matters;) 

*000*2021-06-26 22:43

I wrote this story some time ago for fun but now I think it might interest you too, so I decided to publish it. 

This story was written over a long period of time and was written in another language so I post here a version translated with Google translate. I guess many of you will hate such low quality but if you also like a story where a very thin girl tries to push herself further even when her bladder is full enough to protrude from her abdomen you might still find this interesting. 

In the story I inserted some situations that really happened to me but that concern different girls. Obviously many parts are pure fantasy but I won't tell you which ones. 

Chapter 1

I had known Sofia for a few years, we both played tennis.

We were friends but never saw each other outside of training hours. 

When I started going to university, I discovered that she was attending another faculty in the same university and we were often on the train.

Sofia is a very cheerful and sunny girl.

She is about six feet tall but she is very thin, with long straight brown hair and brown eyes.

As I said she has never been shy and so sometimes she talked to me about her boyfriend.

Chapter 2

November 14, 2016

I meet Sofia at 8.00 at the train station and she tells me how lately she has been trying to drink more water between meals for better hydration.

So that day instead of buying bottles of water at the distributor he decided to bring a 1.5l bottle from home.

Later I write to ask if she also stopped to eat in the school canteen.

So we are at 13.00 and we go to eat.

At the canteen, water is free at the dispenser and she goes twice to fill the 0.5 L "glass".

The bottle he had brought from home still contained 1l.

We say goodbye and go back to class with her who had drunk about 1.5l

We are then at the end of the lessons at 16.00.

I see her a little agitated so I ask her if everything is okay and she tells me…. 

Sofia: “I'm going to pee on myself. I don't know how long I can still resist. "

Me: "But why didn't you go to the bathroom at the university."

S: “I didn't want to go there because they are dirty and then I can usually hold out all the way home. After lunch I got tired of carrying that 1.5l bottle with me so I finished it and then threw it away. I waited for the end of the lesson even though I could no longer think of anything but my full bladder and make sure that no one would notice. Then I ran out of class forgetting my backpack. I went back to get it and then I run to the bathroom. There were already 3 girls in the queue so I waited a minute but no girls came out. If I had stayed there waiting I would have missed the train. "

Meanwhile the train had arrived. We enter and sit on 2 seats side by side, she on the window side and I on the aisle side.

I don't know what to do and I'm afraid she will find out how much that situation excites me but in reality she is too focused on not getting her underwear wet.

The journey takes about 40 minutes.

At some point she tries to improve her situation by helping her vagina with one hand.

I: "You said earlier that you don't usually use the toilets at school, so you haven't used the bathroom since this morning?"

S: "Yes, I went there after waking up at a quarter past 7."

It had been holding at least 2.5l of water for about 11 hours.

I: "I don't know how you managed to last more than 10 hours drinking at least 2 liters of water."

S: "And also half a liter of tea this morning."

THREE LITERS FOR 11 HOURS !! 

I: "You really have an incredible bladder."

S: “Yes, but now I can't take it anymore. In your opinion, if I unbutton my pants, will other people see me? "

I: "No, go ahead and I'll cover you on this side."

She opens her jacket, lifts her shirt slightly and I can see her huge bladder protrude from her usually flat abdomen.

It extends from side to side and protrudes several centimeters up to its navel.

He was holding back an amount of urine that few could resist and her petite build (1.6m) made her bladder incredibly visible under her skin.

She continues by opening the button of her pants and then the zipper is immediately opened by the pressure of her bladder that was desperately looking for space to expand.

I see that she is surprised and even scared by what she sees.

He begins to gently touch her bladder and trace the edge with your hand.

Pull your panties down slightly to release the pressure lately.

Her bladder now protruded more than before probably from just above her vagina to her navel.

I: “It's huge. "

S: "What are you doing?!?! Don't look at me !!! "

I: "Sorry, I didn't mean"

I turn to the corridor but occasionally take a peek.

Sofia keeps looking at her bladder and slipped a hand into her panties.

After a while he tells me ...

S: “It's really huge. In your opinion, some health problems are normal or at risk. "

I: “I don't think there are any problems since you have been drinking a lot and therefore the pee should be diluted enough. And for the bladder I'm pretty sure your body will keep you from holding it before it does any harm to you. "

S: “Maybe you are right. I hope to get home. My boyfriend is waiting for me at the station. "

After a while'. 

S: "Have you ever had such a full bladder?"

I: “I was once pretty desperate after a night out. When I got home my bladder was very sore and every few minutes I felt like the pressure suddenly increased. When I got to the bathroom I saw that my bladder was protruding slightly so I decided to do something a bit strange .. "

S: "What?"

I: “No, nothing. How are you? "

S: “Don't make me think about how I am please. Daiiiii tell me what you did. "

I: "Ok. But stay between you and me. So I tried to wait as long as possible while drinking some beer I had at home. But after about 20 minutes I reached the limit. I wet my panties a little and then ran to get an empty bottle to measure how much my bladder could hold. "

S: "So how much did you manage to hold back?"

I: "1.4 l" 

S: “That's a lot, congratulations. "

I: "Thanks, but I think you went a lot further today."

S: "I don't know ... ... if I can get home I would like to try to measure it too."

There was about a quarter of an hour to go.

S: "Was your bladder also very hard that time?"

I: "Yes a little. I could certainly hear it very well. Why?"

S: “My hour looks like a rock. In your opinion is it harder than yours? Do you want to hear it? "

Certainly there was something else hard about that moment.

I slide my jacket over my bulge and nod.

S: “Please be quiet. I don't know if I can resist further pressure. When I opened my pants I immediately felt much better but now the pain is back. As you said, I feel the pressure increase exponentially about every 2-3 minutes. "

I place my right hand gently over her bladder and I feel like I'm touching marble.

Very hot and sexy marble.

The pressure I feel inside her is unbelievable.

I move my hand over her bladder from side to side to feel where it ends.

I then begin to trace the edge as she begins to gasp as if from pleasure.

I press lightly on her tight skin near her navel, she closes her eyes and says nothing.

It practically did not sink an inch despite the thrust.

I continue to trace the edge until I get to her panties but she doesn't stop me.

I am now in the lower part of the bladder just above the vagina and I feel it is wet.

Then I return to the center of the bladder where it is swollen and wait for the best moment ... ..

A few seconds later the train jumps on a stretch of track a worn Po and then I push on her bladder harder than before but not so much that it gets wet.

She immediately leans forward and presses her hands against her vagina.

Despite my superior strength, I was unable to squeeze her mighty bladder in the slightest.

I: “Sorry I didn't want to. It is that the train ....... "

He gets up.

S: ”It doesn't matter. I'm fine……"

S: “So what do you think have you ever felt such a full bladder? How long do you think he's holding? "

I: “The pressure in your bladder is unbelievable. Looks like you have a steel bladder. You will be containing at least 1.6 l "(I want to remember her very small and thin body so as to glimpse the coasts)

I: "You must have a gift to be able to resist."

S: “Actually as a child I often peed on myself. Think the last time it happened to me in the seventh grade. It was too embarrassing… .. Since that day I have always pushed myself to resist a little longer. Lately I try to go to the bathroom only twice a day and keep myself well hydrated but I basically end up always going 3 times. In any case, I have never seen my bladder fill up to this point. It is as if at a certain point the pain does not increase anymore but every now and then the pressure seems to grow for short periods in an incredible way. "

We have now arrived.

He helped her up and cover herself as her pants have no intention of closing.

We slowly reach the door.

I go down and turn to give her a hand, she is forced to spread her legs to go down the step between the train and the platform.

S: "aaaaaaaaaaaa!"

He screams and leans over holding her bulging bladder.

After a while he gets up and starts walking pretending nothing has happened because some people had turned around.

I: "Are you okay? "

S: ”Now yes. When I got off I lost control for a moment but now I think I can do it. "

She tells me by showing me a stain that formed from her vagina to mid-thigh in a split second.

We leave the station and then she greets me before going to her boyfriend's car.

I watch her go up and then leave.

Chapter 3 

November 16, 2016

It was 4pm, I was on my way home from university when I see Sofia.

We hadn't met since that day.

As I approach I notice that he has a full 1.5l bottle of water with him.

I greet her and we talk about various things.

Then..

I: "I see that today you preferred to avoid drinking all that water as it turned out last time."

S: "Hahaha, I actually drank the whole bottle already and then refilled it on a tap."

I: "Don't tell me you're only doing it for good hydration."

S: "Also for that but above all for my boyfriend."

I: "In what sense?"

S: ”Now I'll tell you how it ended 2 days ago but let it remain a secret. 

After I got in the car I tell him to take me straight to his house since it is closer because I absolutely have to go to the bathroom. At first he made fun of me but then when I showed him how swollen and hard my bladder was he didn't say anything. We arrive 10 minutes later at his house but before opening the door he asks me if I can resist a little longer. By now I was on the edge, I looked pregnant and I was having contractions every 30 seconds. I yelled at him to open the door right away and tried to run to the bathroom. Running another squirt came out of my bladder and then I stopped.

He then gently picked me up and took me to the bathroom. Before seating me on the toilet he kisses me. I was very close to freeing myself then but I also wanted to know how much I was holding back. I didn't know how to tell him so I asked him why he wanted to know if I could hold out a little longer. He then confessed to me that he felt aroused to know that I so desperately needed to pee. So I decided to try to wait until my you know what he had not decided to give up containing such pressure. So I told him to get me a container so in case of need I would not have pissed on the floor of the house. I tell him I wouldn't have lasted more than 5 minutes without a distraction. We then went to see something on TV. 

While I try to think of something else he does not take his eyes off my bladder and at a certain point begins to touch it. I had taken off all my clothes to leave as much room as possible for my bladder to expand. Then when he begins to touch me under there I feel a very strange sensation and then suddenly I feel that I am about to have an orgasm. I stop him immediately because if he had gone on I would never have been able to stop myself. He tells me that he is sure I can resist a lot more and puts his arm behind my back and with the other hand pushes on my now protruding bladder to incredible levels. I feel excruciating pain and scream. He lets me go but the pain doesn't go away right away. I remain motionless until the pain becomes throbbing and then disappears. He tells me he wanted to show me that my bladder can hold a lot more and withstand more pressure.

He was incredibly right because when the pain went away I felt so much better than before and my bladder hadn't let a drop come out. Then we stayed there an ' another half hour until I reached my limit I felt that I could not resist for another minute I put my hand on the bladder while and as soon as I added a little pressure a strong jet came out wetting the floor . I screamed at my boyfriend that I would not resist for another second. I tried to get up but a longer and more powerful jet than before and ran away. I think I have never tried such a thing it is as if I have no more control over the my bladder. I couldn't even speak but luckily my boyfriend brought the bowl to me so I was finally able to free myself. It was a feeling of indescribable pleasure. Do you think I finally managed to hold back? "

I:" wow, but it's unbelievable. I would have had at least 1.6L or maybe even more. "

S:" 1720ml. "

I: If this was your first time, I don't dare imagine how far you can go. "

S:" No, I really think that's my limit. I no longer had any control. "

I:" I assure you that with a little training you can also get great improvements. "

Chapter 4

In the following weeks she was always quite desperate on the way back and always unbuttoned her pants. After a while I began to notice that she could pretend better and better that she didn't need to go to the bathroom. She no longer unbuttoned her pants but her bulging bladder betrayed her pretense.

In particular, her bladder seemed to grow over time as did her composure.

March 22, 2017

It seemed like any other day when 

Sofia receives a message that looks upset but says nothing about it.

When we arrive at the station I get off the greeting and go to get the scooter.

I was about to leave to go home when I see her walking.

I: "Didn't anyone come to get you?"

S: "No, my boyfriend wrote me earlier that he can't come so I have to walk home."

I: "Get in the back, I'll take you."

S: "But I don't have a helmet."

I: “So would you prefer to walk for an hour?

Anyway, we take back roads and I go slowly, if you want we should do it in 15 minutes. "

Perhaps her bladder is too full to refuse the offer so he accepts.

I help her up and leave.

I feel her hard swollen huge bladder press on my back.

Despite the added pressure and her legs spread, she says nothing about her urgent need to piss.

The secondary road for some stretches was not asphalted and had several holes. 

With each jolt I felt her legs tighten around me.

Towards the end he was really on the edge: he was trembling, trying desperately to close her legs and clasping her hands on me as if in severe pain.

We arrive and helped her to get off.

I: "Are you okay?"

S: "Yes, thanks for the ride."

I: "Is anyone home?"

S: "No, why? Did you want to enter? "

I: "If you don't have anything to do, if you want I could stop for a while since I'm here and I've never seen your house."

S: "Sure, go inside."

Once inside she shows me the whole house and she now seems very calm despite the pressure inside her bladder.

S: "Do you want something to drink?"

I: "Yes, thank you."

We both drink iced tea.

S: "Go ahead as if you were at home, I'll go to my room for a moment to get something more comfortable."

She goes into the bedroom and makes no sign of approaching the bathroom.

After 10 minutes he returns with a much more comfortable jumpsuit than the jeans he wore before.

Her shirt was tight enough that he could see that the bulge in her bladder was gone or at least diminished.

I was wondering at this point if he had used a basin in her room.

I ask to go to the bathroom and then step out of her room but there doesn't seem to be anything strange.

We sit on the sofa and to take the remote control on the opposite side I lean on her belly.

I feel something incredibly stiff: her mighty bladder is still full to the limit despite her pretending nothing has happened and her bulge has strangely diminished.

After a while I ask her if she should go to the bathroom but she tells me she is fine.

It's been over an hour and I should go but I can't without knowing.

At that moment a message arrives from her boyfriend telling her that she will go directly to her house without going through there.

I: "Were you holding your pee because you thought he would come here later?"

S: "Why do you say I have to go to the bathroom?"

I: "I didn't say you have to go to the bathroom yet but I first felt your huge bladder pressing on my back on the scooter and another hour went by without you going to the bathroom."

S: "It is now becoming a habit to push my bladder to the limit but I think this time I will do it for myself?"

I: "That is?"

S: “When I can't resist anymore my boyfriend enjoys torturing you until I can't resist anymore and piss on myself.

I think I have improved a lot but I can never measure how much I can hold back.

Today I have decided to go beyond all limits without additional difficulties to see how far I can push my bladder even though I fear that by staying home alone I will end up giving up. "

I: “Great, I'm sure you'll get to over 2L. If you don't feel embarrassed, I'd gladly stay to help you. "

S: “I think a little help would be useful. Stay here tonight and we'll go to university together tomorrow. "

The evening continues and she doesn't seem full at all.

We order takeaway and drink a liter of water during dinner.

In the meantime, I had to go to the bathroom again.

After dinner he suddenly begins to demonstrate how difficult it is to hold back such a quantity of pee.

He frequently changes positions, keeps her legs crossed and one hand every now and then tries to help her muscles hold every single drop.

I: ”It's starting to get difficult. How long have you not been to the bathroom? "

S: “It's been 15 hours now. I went this morning at 7 but managed to resist much longer. "

She is very confident even though her situation seems to have worsened enormously in the last hour.

At 10.30 she can no longer sit still and continues to walk around the room.

S: "I think I'll go to sleep."

I: "You will never be able to sleep !!!"

S: ”I think so. I haven't told you my trick yet. "

She says keeping a hand fixed on her vagina as she approaches the bedroom. 

Once he reaches the room he undresses to put on her pajamas without asking me to leave.

Under the suit he wears something unexpected.

I: "What is that?"

S: ”It's my secret. A band to compress my bulging bladder.

My boyfriend gave it to me. When I take it off I will have relief for about half an hour and I plan to fall asleep. "

When he removed the bandage, her bladder suddenly increased.

Now her bladder was the size of a soccer ball and extended to above her navel.

S: "I feel much better now," he says, gently poking her bladder with her right hand.

I: "Can I touch it?"

S: "ok."

I slowly approach and feel her perfectly round rock bladder protruding from her belly.

S: "Press as much as you want I can hold back a lot more."

I don't have it repeated twice and I apply pressure to the center without getting any effect.

S: "Actually try to throw a punch at me."

I: "Are you sure?"

He nods.

I hit her hard enough to decrease her bulge by an inch but she doesn't seem to have felt the blow.

S: "I told you my boyfriend likes to torture me," she laughs.

S: "Now I'm going to sleep there will be fun tomorrow."

I go out and go to sleep on the sofa.

The next day I wake up at 8 but Sofia is still asleep. Appearance.

It is now 10 but she still has not left her room in the meantime I raise the temperature of the house to help her hold back more.

At 10.20 am I hear shouts: "Help!"

I: "Are you okay?"

S: “No, I'm exploding. Give me a hand to get out of bed. "

Her bladder is now something indescribable.

It protrudes from her belly by 10 cm starting from above the vagina to 5 cm above her navel.

Now its bulge has taken on a perfectly spherical shape trying to expand where it is possible.

I help her to get up with great difficulty because she cannot increase the pressure on her bladder.

S: "I'm not there anymore you have to take off my panties: the elastic is killing me."

I: "I can't do it you have a boyfriend."

S: "I can't bend over and you said you'd be here to help me so: take off my panties !!!"

Surprisingly, the panties are perfectly dry.

I slowly remove her panties revealing her perfectly shaved vagina. Both the bed and the panties have no traces of leaks and I understand that she can still resist S: "It's very late help me get to the bucket that then we have to go to university." : "Don't even think about giving up. I'm going to push you to the limit like you told me yesterday." 

Her face looked terrified at first but then she accepted because she knew she wanted it too.

I then locked the bathroom and left the bucket inside and put the key in my pocket.

As time passed her bare bladder continued to expand relentlessly and she could no longer express anything but her desperate need to free herself.

At 12 noon she was in tears and for the first time she begged me to open the door so she could get the much needed relief.

I: “You know you can't piss until you reach your limit. It is for this reason that I am here. "

S: ”But I've already crossed all limits !! The pain is very strong and I am exhausted. When will you let me go? "

I: “Until you really reach the limit I have already told you. Only when the strength of your sphincter can no longer contain the pressure or when your kidneys start to ache. "

As time passed her bladder will expand as if he has no limit like other humans.

The bulge starts from the vagina and protrudes more and more going towards the navel and then returns flat about 6 cm above it.

The most protruding point is just below the navel which is now pushed outwards by the pressure as if it had overturned.

S: "Please give me a chance to free myself I'll do whatever you want."

I: “So if you want, let's do this. Since we skipped today's lessons, now you have to study the chapter that was done in class and then solve the exercise at the end of the chapter. When you tell me the correct answer I will give you the key but for each wrong answer you will have to drink a liter of water. So it's not worth trying. "

S: "But it will take more than two hours and now I can't think anymore !!"

I: "If you prefer you can always wait to reach your limit as we were doing."

After 5 minutes he decided to start studying.

She was sitting with her legs spread almost 180 degrees so that she could slowly lean towards the desk without applying additional pressure to her exhausted bladder.

After 2 hours she had managed to finish reading the chapter and now the exercise was about to begin.

Due to her tremendous effort, her hand trembles and her pen falls and without thinking he bends suddenly to catch it.

She immediately screams in pain and her face looks like someone stabbed her in the belly.

Despite everything, not a drop comes out of her iron organ.

I pick up her pen and invite her to continue.

After 10 minutes of silence she has incredibly recovered and starts doing the exercise.

After another 20 minutes he gives me the answer and gets up and goes to the bathroom without saying a word.

I: “Are you sure you don't want to double check your answer? Do you know that if it is wrong you will have to drink a liter of water? "

S: "Read that fucking correct answer right now and open the door for me !!"

Her confidence makes me fear that he has solved the problem and so I try to stall.

S: "I know what you are doing but the agreements are agreements NOW you have to see that answer if it was wrong I would even drink a liter of beer."

I don't know what to do she's too sure of herself and I don't want this amazing game to end now.

He comes towards me and takes the key from my pocket.

I just have to read the answer ...

She has turned the key and is opening the door.

I immediately run to block her by taking her by the shoulders.

I: ”You can't do that !! Not yet. And in any case your answer is wrong. "

Falls to the ground. 

I hope you enjoyed the story so far. Unfortunately there is no ending yet and I would like to hear some ideas to push Sofia to the limit. 

*005*2021-07-10 22:29

{{On 7/7/2021 at 10:23 PM, huberp76 said: 

A great story, i absolutely like it! 

I like the way you wrote the story and i like what you wrote. It includes all what i love about bursting full girl bladders and pee holding. 

I love it if thin and skinny girls don’t wee for a very long time, if they would need to go very bad but still hold it, or has to hold it. 

I love to see a big bladder bulging out from a girl's flat belly between her hipbones and up to her navel and i love it if a girl gets pressed and pushed on her swollen bladder, if her bladder gets tortured that way. 

All about that you wrote, thank you for the great story. 

I hope you write more about Sofia. 

Make her hold it extremely long, let her bladder bulging out from her slim and thin abdomen, press, push and poke on her swollen bladder, torture it. 

Sofia Loks to get tortured. 

What was the original language? 

}}

I am very happy that you enjoyed it. I have read and appreciated so many of your stories and therefore a compliment from you is really important to me. 

I honestly thought that this story might not be of much interest and instead I had several positive feedbacks. 

I'm not very good at writing but I really enjoyed trying to create a story that had a minimum of sense by combining various fantasies that came to my mind. For this reason and because I don't have much free time, I don't know if I will be able to give an ending to this story shortly. 

Finally, to answer your question, the story was in Italian. 

*009*2021-10-11 17:45

Sorry if I made you think that I had just published the continuation of the story. 

However I wanted to let you know that in fact I have already practically completed the story but I did not find time to revise it and do the translation. I hope not to make you wait too long and not to disappoint your expectations. :) 

*010*2021-10-16 23:33

Like last time the story is translated and therefore there may be errors. There would have been so many things to write about Sofia, but I hope you don't mind how I chose to end this story. Towards the end it becomes perhaps a bit too absurd but that's the beauty of the stories. 

I inserted an image that I used as a reference but it is about a pregnant girl so you can not even look at it. 

I: "I warned you that it might be better to check your answer again, now as penance you will have to drink a litre of water or rather of beer, it seems to me that I said."
Sofia was on the ground almost in tears.
S: "That's not possible. I'm sure the answer I found is correct. Let me see the solution now." 
Sofia gets back up and with determination snatches the book from my hands to immediately check if I was lying. Unfortunately for her, she had made a small distracting mistake towards the end that caused her to find an incorrect answer.
I: "Now that you wanted to see the answer obviously the deal is off and this bathroom will be closed for quite a while longer. However, look on the bright side you made up for today's lesson and what's more it seems to me that your bladder is still well within its physical limit."
Sofia in fact is now standing and holding the book with both hands while her bladder contains within it a pressure that no one would have been able to resist even for a fraction of a second. Only her indefatigable sphincter prevents the huge bulge, which makes her look like she is now many months pregnant, from emptying onto the floor.
After dropping the book to the floor she remains silent watching her bladder bulge to levels she thought impossible for her. Her extremely swollen belly reminds her why she had asked me to stay with her. So that she could cross boundaries she could never reach on her own.
S: "Thank you!!! If you hadn't been with me I wouldn't have been able to get through this morning and instead it's already 14.00 and I'm still able to go on without holding my hands. I don't know how much longer this moment of lucidity will last so remember that under no circumstances should you let me go to the bathroom until I can no longer hold my pee one second longer. You can't even remotely imagine how difficult, painful and exhausting it is to stop your body from releasing itself after 31 hours of holding back so much pee. So I know that only you will be able to understand when it's time to measure how much I'm holding back because I won't be able to reason anymore. I trust you completely. From now on I will be your slave."
Immediately she pushes her hands into her vagina as a grimace of pain appears on her face. Since her concentration is now completely back on controlling her bladder I don't have to worry so much about trying to hide my now constant erection. 
With this latest lesson ploy I managed to gain a couple of hours but I need to come up with something else to help her think about something else.
I walk her over to the couch and ask her to wait and hold on until I make her some lunch.
Before I walk away I ask her if I can feel how hard her bladder is.
S: "I told you you can do whatever you want and I will obey you don't need to ask my permission." she whispers.
It seems to be a dream come true but although I would like to press on her bladder to see how much she is able to withstand despite the pain I know I have promised to help her push her capacity to the max.
I then approach a hand to the top of her swollen belly near her navel. Her very smooth skin is stretched over a mass of liquid absurd for a human being. As I slide my hand down she lets out a moan of pain mixed with pleasure. It feels like touching a marble sphere that now protrudes almost 11 cm. I slide down to her vagina and can't stop. I move her hands and slip two fingers inside her as her moans of pleasure increase. I now feel her internal muscles pulsing rhythmically as they try in every way to avoid the inevitable pee coming out.
I stop myself otherwise I might drive her to the point where she can't take it anymore and go make some food while she stays labored on the couch.
After 25 minutes I go to help her get up to get to the kitchen. Her gaze is lost in emptiness as she thinks of only one thing. As I helped her sit down in the kitchen I notice that she has started to sweat noticeably despite the temperature not being too hot. She sits with her legs spread as she continues to hold her vagina with her left hand. due to the bulge being too prominent she is unable to get too close to the table otherwise it would press against her bladder.
I bring her a plate of pasta and then pour a half-liter of beer into a mug.
S: "You're kidding!!! There's no way that beer can fit in here." shesays pointing to her bladder.
I: "Not only are you going to drink all of this but then I'm going to pour you another pint as agreed."
Her face is shocked realizing what that mistake she made earlier would cost her.
During lunch she drinks very little and by the end the first mug is just under halfway through.
I: "In this way you will prolong your suffering unnecessarily. Finish that beer immediately," I order her.
Without saying anything Sofia obeys and in one gulp empties the mug.
So I pour her another half liter of beer and she immediately starts drinking it. When she's halfway through, she stops.
Her legs are now shaking as she now uses her right hand to try and support the weight of her immense bladder. Her body is refusing to take in any more fluids and she is now drenched in sweat. She lets out a terrifying scream as she bends forward slightly.
I: "What happened? Are you feeling okay?"
S: "I can't say I'm okay but I can keep going." she says gritting her teeth.
S: "This had never happened to me before. I felt like my whole body was pushing this pee baby out of me. I think I had something very similar to contractions at the end of a pregnancy."
I: "Are you sure you want to continue?" I ask her frightened.
S: "I'm not going to give up on the best of things," she tells me, hinting at a smile that is immediately erased by another contraction with which her body desperately tries to end this crazy hold.
Aware that she was perhaps the first woman to experience those sensations due to an overfilled bladder and with newfound determination she finished her beer and slammed the empty mug down on the table.
S: "What do we do now?"
I already knew what I wanted to do.
I: "There is only one thing that is stronger than your determination and that is your pride so go take a shower because we are going out for a walk."
Without hesitation she nods and holds out a hand for me to help her get up. I accompany her into the shower and wash her because in her condition she is not able to move much. The water hitting her protruding bladder causes her to wince but it's the sensation of water running over her vagina and then falling to the floor that drives her crazy. Like she's pissing an endless stream but without feeling any relief. Her legs are shaking and she almost can't stand anymore as I wash her. 
With my hands I feel her tiny shoulders shaking from the effort and then her small, almost non-existent breasts. Her turgid nipples express the pleasure she is feeling while the rest of her body seems to express only suffering. Beneath her boobs something completely disproportionate to the rest of her skinny body. Her bladder starts about 8 cm above her navel. It expands from side to side and down to her pubis. At its widest point it now protrudes 13 cm as beer was relentlessly pumped from her kidneys.
Once the shower is over I carefully dry her off without pressing on her bladder but she still gasps when I pass that area. 

I have her wear a loose-fitting dress that doesn't cinch at the waist. Of course, I don't make her wear panties or pants that would be too tight for her right now. Finally, I have you wear comfortable shoes.
During the walk Sofia hardly speaks at all and her breathing becomes increasingly labored. She has started sweating a lot again but that doesn't stop her bladder from expanding again. Everyone who crosses her seems convinced that we are a couple about to have a baby or maybe twins.
After more than an hour she seems to want to shut me down to come back but she doesn't because she knows she has to respect what I decide.
The contractions in the meantime have become more and more frequent and are now about every 12 minutes. 
After a while I decide to go home to avoid causing her an accident without having the chance to measure how much she's holding back.
On the way back we pass a young girl of about 24 years old who looks maybe a few months pregnant.
Girl: "Sorry to bother you." she says to get our attention "I see you are also pregnant, how soon is the delivery due?"
Sofia looks very confused but obviously in her state she is barely able to formulate a sentence.
I.: "Not long now. Sofia is in her eighth month." Thanks to the huge bulge in Sofia's belly clearly visible even under her dress the girl she just met believes it without difficulty.
Meanwhile Sofia tries to muster up all the energy she has left to try and sustain that conversation.
S.: "Yes, not long now. I feel like I'm going to explode. You have no idea how hard it is when it's moving and kicking. It almost feels like it wants to come out right this second."
Girl: "It must be great to be able to hear that. I can't wait for that moment. I can try to feel it. ”
Sofia blanches when she realizes what is going to happen but she can't find a good excuse to stop that girl from touching her pressurized bladder so she just nods.
The girl reaches over and places her ear in the center of Sofia's belly. Sofia begins to bite her lips as the girl begins to apply further pressure to her dilated organ. 
Girl: "Amazing I can feel his heart beating but maybe it's just an impression. There it is! I felt it. I felt it kick."
Obviously she was only feeling the continuous thrusts with which Sofia's involuntary muscles tried to push the pee out of her vagina and finally a powerful contraction caused by the increased pressure.
The show is fantastic but I intervene because otherwise Sofia could lose control not even being able to help herself with her hands.
I: "Sorry to interrupt you but unfortunately we are late and we really have to go."
girl: "Yes, of course. Sorry for my intrusiveness but you've made my day. Until next time." she says walking away.
Sofia doesn't utter a word as we immediately make our way home.
However, the turnaround time is more than double due to the fact that she is forced to walk very slowly and stop often to catch her breath. 
We are home at 19.00 with 36 hours of pee still sealed inside Sofia's abnormal bladder. 
When I take off her dress the show I find in front of me is wonderful and chilling at the same time. The beer has managed to further expand her belly which now protrudes at least 20 cm. Her navel is completely turned outwards to recover every available space and the skin is stretched until it is transparent enough to allow me to see the veins underneath it. 
Spoiler 
$$

The contractions are coming now about every two minutes. I have her lie down in bed because she is no longer able to manage any muscle other than the sphincter. She doesn't even have the strength to help herself with her hands or squeeze her legs together. 
I wipe the sweat on her body with a towel being careful not to get too close to her bladder. 
Her open legs allow me to clearly see her vagina pulsing at an exhausting pace so I don't lose control for even a split second. Without her realizing it I pull her closer to the edge of the bed and place a bucket in front of her so that I'm ready for when she loses control.
The increasingly frequent contractions are now every minute. I hold her hand as I see in her tear-wet eyes the determination that allows her to continue.
S.:” If I can't distract myself I'm going to give in in a few moments," she whispers, "and with all the sweat I've been working up, my throat feels dry."
An absurd request in her condition but I immediately bring her a half-liter bottle of water that she starts sipping.
To help distract her the only thing left for me to do is to start stimulating her vagina. I gently massage her aroused clit as I feel her steely muscles contracting relentlessly to prolong a battle they would soon lose.
The contractions are now pretty much constant and in the meantime she emptied the whole bottle.
As I continue to keep her aroused but without giving her an orgasm, which would surely cause her to lose control, I begin to run over her belly with my other hand.
By now the pressure has reached such levels that she can't even feel my hand. I'm touching an extremely dilated steel bladder that now protrudes 22 cm from her abdomen that is not emptied only thanks to the strength of will of Sofia and the ability of her muscles to counteract the endless signals that her exhausted body sends her.
At 9 p.m., after 38 hours of agony, even a queen of the bladder, as Sofia proved to be, has to surrender. At the end she opens her eyes wide and looks at me. At that point she loses consciousness while her dam gives way making a huge stream of pee explode in the bucket.
Her muscles could finally relax after a time that must have seemed interminable. 
Although her bladder can finally relieve the pressure it has been under, her sphincter muscles begin to spasm, briefly interrupting the flow, as if not accepting defeat.
After a few seconds she recovers and almost instantaneously interrupts the flow of pee with a scream to testify the effort needed to deny herself the longed-for relief.
Sofia is still desperate despite there is already almost a liter of pee in the bucket. Her bladder still protrudes a lot from her usually flat belly but at least the contractions don't come anymore. A growing desire to get rid of everything pushes her to close her legs but I block her immediately forcing her to resist only with the forces that remain in her exhausted sphincter.
By now it doesn't matter to resist so without mercy I place both hands on her dilated bladder and start to press.
I am now leaning heavily on her but that is not enough to defeat the strength of a bladder queen.
I then begin to stimulate her clitoris until I bring her to orgasm.
With a shout of pleasure she arched her back making the size of her dilated bladder stand out even more, which she still managed to prevent from emptying.
She then falls onto the bed and holds on for another 30 seconds as her body is shot through with spasms of pleasure. Finally she loses control for a second time.
She begins to have a series of orgasms as her still visibly dilated bladder continues to deflate. After 3 minutes the last few drops of pee end as Sofia continues to be in ecstasy and have orgasms.
Eventually she falls asleep.
In the bucket there are a total of 3.35 liters of pee that would be an enormity for any strong boy with a large bladder but that is absolutely stunning for little Sofia who managed to get such a result only thanks to her constant training.

$$

$$

*014*2022-08-22 12:40

{{On 8/6/2022 at 8:57 PM, bored2death said: 

Great story! Which language was it in originally? 

}}

Thanks. 

I wrote this story in Italian. 


