Dune： Princess Irulan bondage pee desperation

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2024-12-31 08:00

Prior to her departure to Arrakis after the Emperor received the letter from House Atreides, Princess Iruan was having a little chat with the Reverened Mother. Irulan, my dear student, I have a final test for you to make sure that you're truly prepared to face the Atreides & the Fremen on Arrakis." Reverened Mother spoke in a deep voice,

"And what will be there in the test?" Irulan asked curiously. "As a sister of Bene Gesserit, you should obtain answers through prediction, not by asking! " Reverened Mother shouted angrily as she was annoyed by the young princess' foolishness, "Now... take off your clothes!".Irulan was shocked by what Reverened Mother had just said, "May I beg yourparden? --" Before she can complete her sentence, Reverened Mother interupted,

"Just do it as I say so! Don't make me use the voice on you!". Irulan was confused by Reverened Mother's command, "Why did she ask me to remove my clothes, here, in my residence?" Irulan thought while reluctantly loosening her belt and let it drop on the floor, then stripped her white dress, revealing her big, fleshy tits, "This is so embarrassing, embarrasing! But I must not defy Reverened Mother's order. "Irulan blushed as the old woman in front of her was looking at her undressed body, seductively large breasts & slender legs, a Bene Gesserit trait.

"What if my father or guests came in and saw me standing naked? I will be damned!" Irulan expressed her concern "I have told them not to come into this room till night. It'll be just you and I. You are allowed to wear your panty, though..." Reverened Mother replied and took something from her black, regal gown, "As you should know, I'm giving you a taste of humiliation, that's why I have this pair of binders with me. Stand with your back facing that pillar, lad." 

Irulan walks to the pillar on the left with her naked back leaned on the cold pillar, "Such an inventive way of humiliation, being Irulan teased while Reverened Mother walked toward her and tied her hands while wearing nothing but a pair of panties." To the pillar. Irulan, you should know that the desert of Arrakis shows no mercy to everything. It's dry and scorching, and water is as precious as spice

Arrakis, if you're captured by the enemy, you'll be humiliated and may be used as a hostage to threaten us. You must stand strong against them, or the dignity of House Corrino will be ruined for damn sure. And... as a hostage you'll not be given a stillsuit." Irulan realised the situation in horror, Reverened Mother was testing her bladder capacity and water manipulation capability, "This is bad, I should've used the washroom before attending this meeting.

How could Reverened Mother know that I need to urinate? Or is she just waiting for me to wet myself in my room? "Irulan have been holding her piss for hours, those cups of tea she drank when she's playing cheops chess with his father: The Emperor, and those she drank while speaking with Reverened Mother creates a heavy burden to her tiny bladder as a Princess of the Imperium, Irulan rarely goes outside the palace, and her excretional needs can be dealt with quickly.

Her bladder doesn't grow much eventually. Now, the desperated Princess stuck her bare thighs together, hands struggling to remove the binders. A cold afternoon breeze blew in through the windows, and her breasts jiggled as she shivered. "Try not to struggle, my dear. As an enthusiast in shigawire recording you should know that shigawire was known for its unique tensile strength, the more you struggle, the more the shigawire bonds constricts.

Please don't piss yourself like an infant as you musn't shows your weakness to your many no matter you're captured or not, don't waste your body moisture to the surroundings either, you'll die embarrassing yourself or die making yourself dehydrated." Reverened Mother sensed the Princess desperation, "I chose you to be my student, I believed in you. Margot have passed this test before she visited Gedi Prime and so you will." Reverened Mother thought.

Meanwhile, Irulan concentrated her mind in diverting the urine inside her bladder to other parts of the body," I can convert the urine into sweat by osmosis, just like performing prana bindu, wait, not sweat! If I sweat I will loss moisture too, like the way it loss by urinating! I must convert and conserve. Aghhh! "

A wave of desperation hit her bladder, interrupted her thought, she had have no time for conversion and conservation, her bladder was fighting against the pressure added by the urine produced continuously by the kidney, "Sweating is far better than wetting myself, I will fail the test anyway." Irulan concentrated her thought again, she increased her body temperature and tricked her homeostasis system to sweat, moments later, sweat droplets can be seen on her forehead, Irulan started to pant as the process requires enormous strength, soon, her naked body was covered by a layer of sweet which shimmer seductively under the sunlight shone from the windows.

"That's why the wants me to be undressed, to see whether I have wasted my body moisture! Irulan realised Reverened Mother was staring at her body. "It seems that you have failed to conserve your moisture, but I can see that you are managed to control your bladder, let's see how much longer you can keep your panties day." Reverened Mether spoke and tech out a solide projector and place it on the table, with a click, a 3D recording of a waterfall come to live in front of the tied princess. Damn that sloshing sound of water! I can't hold it anymore! Please don't pee not in front of Reverened Nether

Inulan muured, she felt that her fulled hindder screamed in agony inflated like a balloon, this dire situation reminds her about some of her dreams: Stripped naked while attending a ceremony, or get lost in a vast jungle with a full bladder and peed her dress eventually. Sometimes she wake from these nightmares and realise she have wet the bed, she kept these dreams a secret and didn't tell anyone about it even Reverend Mother. "I will not let these dreams come true, I must not fear. "Irulan tried to case her mind, and, she came up with a powerful question that may persuade. Reverend Mother to release her "You allowed Lady Jessica and his son to male with dignity, why can't I preserve my dignity and use the washroom? This test wouldn't be necesary if you have. killed them in the first place!" Reverened Mother was shocked by Irulan snaring.

"She really needs to urinate. And she has the point, what a brilliant student to have, the courage to point out the responsibility of her mentor." Meanwhile, another cold breeze teases Irulan's bladder, her tired sphincter relaxed for a moment, and gave out spurts of hot, yellow urine, dampening her white cotton panties, "Enough!" Reverened mother turned off the solido projector. The binders were tied in a way that the captive can untie, loose the shigawire cord, and you may have your much-needed washroom break," Irulan shifted her focus on finding the knot of the binders, her dexterous fingers groped the shigawire fiber that constricts her wrists without adding pressure, she knew that she won't have much time left the as leakage exaggerated into a steady wine flow, piss gushes through her panties, "tick tac tick tac."

Droplets of urine spilled on the floor, rulon pinched the knot & twisted the twined shigawire string, her legs squirms frantically, "Almost.... almost....". Unfortunately for Irulan, another cold breeze blew in from the window, her body let down its guard due to the chilly sensation, her sphincter gave up & the dam collapsed, gallons of piss thrusted out of her pussy and flow through her panties, "Nonononeno! "Irulan gasped as she felt the urine trickled down her legs while the powerful flow splashing on the floor loudly, legs stuck shut but no use in stopping the pee flow as her mit surender to the pleasure of relaxation, "Ku Wahad!" Reverend Mother was stirred profundly. By the moment Irulan regain control over her bladder and stepped the flow, she was standing in a large puddle of piss with her bare, wet legs, and her uncomfortable, scaked panties. "Are you done?"

Reverened Mother asked, shocked but pretended to be calm, "You have failed me yet again, but you'll still be going to Arrakis with us, I hope you survive the desert my child."

She rose up from the chair and left the room leaving the tied princess behind. Irulan looked down at the puddle, saw her own reflection: a nude girl wearing a pair of wet panties with clearly visible pussy. Still holding a tremendous amount of pee, Julan knew that she was in big trouble & have to untie the bond before her father returns at night, che looked at the setting sun, and realise her race against has just begun.&&

