Susan's Big Test

Author: shadow prince of hearts

*000*2026-01-03 08:22

Hello everyone. This is perhaps my first real attempt at something like this but the thought just stuck in my mind so here I am at midnight writing this short story.

I am writing this on my phone so I apologize in advance for grammar errors.

Let me know what you think and if you want me to continue this line of story.

###

It was the day of the big test. Susan had to rush from her previous lecture. Being a pre-law student meant picking up quite a variety of "necessary" courses as a primer for graduate school.

Still, despite her rush she still kept herself respectable, though not formal. She wore a simple pair of light blue jeans, an off white sweater, and though she wasn't wearing it her black winter peacoat was draped under her arm. Her shoulder length, straight, brown hair draping neatly behind her ear. She had her backpack slung over her shoulder as she fast walked toward the lecture hall.

Today was the midterm for Political History II and she couldn't afford to be late. Professor Harris was very strict on punctuality and was adamant on it regardless of any reason given. Her words were precisely, "You arrive on time or you don't arrive at all".

This was a headache to most students but not a huge cause for concern. Professor Harris had made it clear on day one, their grades were based on their midterm and final. There would be no other contribution or extra credit. So if you thought you could handle them without lectures you were free not to come.

Nobody actually took the bait. The statements online from her past students made it clear. Be at every lecture because she will slip in details not in your class resources that WILL be in the test.

Well, Susan was diligent so she didn't fear this test but she was on a time crunch. The test would start in five minutes. Luckily Susan arrived with three minutes to spare, quickly taking a seat in the back row of the large auditorium.

The class itself was not large, maybe a total of fifty students, spread throughout the auditorium that could easily hold five times the number. She had this row to herself.

Once seated she noticed that Professor Harris was not present. Her assistant Janice however, was. Janice made her way back to the door and at precisely the start time she closed the door. Luckily nobody appeared dumb enough to be late. Janice was just as strict as Professor Harris and upheld the Professor's rules to a T.

After closing the door Janice walked quickly to each student dropping off a thick pile of papers, a bubble sheet for multiple choice answers and a few lined sheets that were numbered for written answers.

The testing period would last two hours and if you finished early you could go. However, from the looks of this test they would be lucky to finish it all in time. Now all the comments left in the student forum made sense. They had called her a sadist.

The time limit wouldn't usually be a concern for Susan. She had studied hard for this test and had paid close attention to everything Professor Harris had personally added, even doing some extra research on each topic.

The trouble was, she needed to go to the bathroom. She had had to rush from her prior class and hadn't had time to stop lest she be locked out. This was literally half her grade, she couldn't afford to miss it without flunking the course directly.

The biggest concern was that she needed to go moderately and the testing period had only started. Not to mention that she didn't just have to pee. Still there was nothing she could do about it. She had studied hard so she felt that she should be able to tear right through this and leave to take care of business.

That thought lasted for less than a moment when she looked at the actual questions. They most definitely were about the topics presented in lecture but they were far more in depth as well.

Susan quickly flipped through the question booklet hoping to see some hope in the later pages, only to find more of the same. Even the essay portions were far more complex than the lectures. It was again as the forums had said, Harris doesn't want memorization she wants her students to use the knowledge, adapting the history to current situations. This was going to be a nightmare, and the stress of it all wasn't helping her bathroom situation in the least.

She took a deep breath and slipped on her red rimmed glasses. She didn't need glasses at this point having had LASIK but it was a habit she couldn't seem to break. They helped her focus.

Her plan of attack was to do the multiple choice first to get as many points as possible, and then focus on the essays she knew the best before tackling the rest.

Once the glasses were on her focus was sharp. She went to work on the multiple choice question. For the first half hour this went well but by the second she was more than moderately in need of the restroom. Her leg began to bounce lightly as she tried to focus. He butt cheeks clenching every now and again, but she wasn't quite desperate yet.

The bigger issue was that as her need grew her focus diminished. She would have to reread the same question multiple times. She was so glad she had studied hard and was a quick reader.

By the start of the second hour she finally cleared the multiple choice. Her legs were twisting and untwisting, thighs squeezing now. Her gut was cramping every so often and her eyes were watering, making it hard to read.

This brought to mind one thread that she had found hilarious and more than a little stupid in the student forums titled 'Diaper Up For Exams'. She had read it thinking it was a joke but right now she felt that the writer was not joking in the slightest. Not that any rational person would feel that way until they sat here on the verge of what could be a very embarrassing situation.

Still she ignored the thought and tried to put her focus back onto the written questions, leaning forward slightly to get a better look at the compact print.

This was not a wise decision as she suddenly felt a much more intense need. She couldn't focus at all like this and she knew they wouldn't allow her to leave for the restroom.

She quickly raised her sight enough to see the other 49 students hunched over their desks. She didn't notice anything unusual with any of them, no signs they were in her scenario but then again if they had used the bathroom before the test why would they be.

She lowered her head back to the test, trying her absolute hardest to read the question ahead, but it just wasn't sticking. Her head was swimming, her bladder pressing tightly against her jeans and another wave of pressure striking from her gut forcing her to clamp hard on her thighs and bottom.

Soon the surge of cramping pain settled but she knew that she wouldn't be able to work like this. She couldn't focus at all and she knew for a matter of fact that the essay section was worth most of the exam. She couldn't leave now without risking her grade.

In her desperation a simple thought came to mind. It was a short memory from childhood. Her and her friend were maybe four at the time, playing at the local park. Her friend Lucy was fidgeting. It was obvious she needed to pee and Susan had bluntly asked her as much after watching her fidget for another five minutes.

Lucy's response was a predictable "uh huh" but she didn't attempt to get up and find her parents. Instead she continued to play for another fidgety few minutes before she looked at her crotch with a look of concentration. Shortly after a small nickel sized wet spot showed on her pastel pink shorts. "Now I don't" came a cheery statement before she went back to playing.

When she had asked Lucy the answer was simple. "You gotta make a little room and then you feel better so you can play longer". Lucy proved this repeatedly throughout their session in the park, letting out little squirts when she seemed to be on the verge of an accident. They would mostly dry in the warm sun so she would repeat this. There even had come a time when they were playing hide and seek that Lucy had squatted down and done the unthinkable, messing her pants just a little.

Of course as they played this continued until later in the afternoon. Lucy knew she would be called in by her mother so she brought Susan over to a hidden part of the playground. "Mom's gonna know I pottied anyway" she stated as she squatted down again, this time relaxing fully to show a wet patch spreading on her shorts in full. Once she was done with that she grunted with a look of concentration finishing what she had started with a clear bulge in the back of her shorts.

Susan at this point knew that her only real chance would be following Lucy's example. She didn't want to end up flooding her pants or loading them. Just the thought of doing this made her feel a bit disgusted, but she needed this grade.

With that in mind she untwisted her legs carefully. She was near the point that it wouldn't be her choice. She knew it was now or never. Carefully she spread her legs just enough to be able to see. She was still facing her test, simply turning her eyes toward her crotch.

This is where the hard part came. She had been holding so long she didn't know how to relax and not let loose the flood. Not to mention she had been potty trained against letting any loose to begin with.

She took a few deep breaths to concentrate and rather than unclenching pushed internally on her bladder as carefully as she could. Being as full as she was it wasn't as hard as she thought it would be, a quick spurt of heat in her pink cotton panties. It didn't even show through on her jeans and she indeed felt a little relief. Lucy had been right.

Still that relief was only half of what she needed. Her gut did not like the pressure she had brought onto her bladder. It was cramping again.

While she felt the wetting was dirty, what college girl hadn't had some close calls and slightly damp panties. Most parties had limited bathrooms and the later they went the harder to find a place to get relief. Pooping her pants was a different animal. It was disgusting in her mind but she also knew that soon it wouldn't be her decision at all. In fact she doubted in her current situation that even if she left she would 'make it'.

Bracing herself for what she felt was going to be the nastiest experience in her college career she raised her butt carefully off of the well worn plush seat covered in maroon fabric.

Oddly enough this part was easier than wetting was. She just had to relax her bottom a bit but not so much she lost full control. Slowly something started to push out. Luckily it was not mushy or liquid in nature. That would have made it so much worse. Still it made her slightly nauseous when she felt that small nub pressing against her butt cheeks. She quickly squeezed her anus shut to cut it off after just that nub. The pressure relieved in part.

She carefully sat back in her seat, making sure not to squish it even though the posture put weight back on her bladder. She was feeling better now so she turned her attention to the question at hand. Quickly grasping it she began writing her answer, hoping that she could finish before she had to go through any more humiliation.

Unfortunately she wasn't so lucky. By the time she had completed the test, with ten minutes to spare, she had been forced to repeat Lucy's advice a few more times. There were a few smaller pieces of mess in the back of her panties, all solid luckily and not enough to be really noticeable unless you paid close attention. Her crotch on the other hand was not so lucky. Her light jeans were showing a wet spot the size of a dollar.

Luckily she had her longer peacoat with her. She stood up carefully, making sure to do her best in hiding her wet pants from view, and put it on, quickly buttoning it up to hide the evidence of her shame.

She carefully made her way to Janice, handing in her test and answer sheets while doing her best not to jostle. She had released a bit of what was there but she was still urgently in need of the bathroom.

Ahead of her was a smaller Asian girl wearing a simple shorter pencil skirt and a white blouse, he long dark hair running down to her lower back. The real thing that caught her attention however, was the fidgeting as she made her way up to Janice slowly.

They both handed in their tests and made their way carefully out of the auditorium. The door closed behind them and Susan knew she was free. She just needed to find a bathroom, clean up and go to her dorm to change.

Apparently the other student, a girl by the name of Carla if she recalled right was on a similar path. The nearest bathroom unfortunately being on the other end of the building.

They both made their way there slowly. Susan wasn't sure if Carla even noticed her. The girl's face was one of desperate concentration while her dark eyes were focused on the sign twenty feet ahead designating the restroom.

The journey felt like an eternity and Susan could see how badly Carla needed the restroom, maybe even more than she did. They both had to stop at times along the way to clench, cross legs, even shove their hands in their crotches, anything to make it those last steps.

What they found however was devastating. The bathrooms were there but the doors were locked. They were single stall unisex bathrooms that should have been open.

Susan watched Carla try all three doors desperately before the inevitable happened. The fact the bathrooms were locked seemed to have broken Carla's resolve as she slumped into the door. A hissing sound was heard, loud, almost like it was trying to announce the unfortunate situation to the world, but oddly enough Susan didn't see a puddle form or any evidence.

What she heard next though was something she was fearing would be her future. First it was light gas, then came an unfamiliar sound that she could only define as crackling. This was followed by Carla leaning harder against the door and a cute grunt. She knew that grunt, it was the same grunt that Lucy had made at the end. A grunt signifying the decision to finish what had been started and to do it right there and then rather than search for a bathroom to finish in. And yet even after a sobbing but relieved sigh that sounded like an incarnation of relief Carla turned around with tears running down her cheeks and her dark eyes watery, to see Susan with her hand in her crotch still desperately trying to hold on despite all the stimulus provided by her own accident.

Susan still couldn't see any evidence that Carla had had an accident at all beyond her teary eyed, shocked face. This however was not her main concern. She knew deep in her heart that there was going to be absolutely no clean way for this to end. The next nearest bathroom was up two flights of stairs and she was on the brink of a full blown accident NOW.

And then it happened one last, severe abdominal cramp that caused her to double over. There was no more holding it, there was no more relieving pressure. First came the mess. The cramp had hit so hard that Susan ended up giving a grunt of her own, but her mess was solid enough that once it pushed against her panties and jeans it stopped.

Susan felt this to be a blessing initially. Beyond the tent in the back of her jeans she had stopped from making a bigger mess of herself. It was only when the feeling of still being extremely backed up kicked in that she knew her display was going to be much more embarrassing than Carla's.

She couldn't move she was in so much pain. Tears stained her cheeks, her deep green eyes watering as she gritted her teeth and he cheeks puffed out in what she was sure was an exact replica of a toddler purposely filling their pants. There was some resistance and a few grunts but eventually the load gave way, filling the seat of her jeans in a way that made them tent in an odd shape.

As she had been pushing the load into her pants her bladder had not been silent. With each push came with a quick spurt, hot, feeling almost scolding into her panties. She knew the wet spot was growing right in front of Carla's eyes. It started hidden by the coat but soon enough worked its way down her inner thighs.

After her bowels were fully relieved though came the real flood. Susan was too tired to fight it. She had basically given up. Carla had seen her shit her pants for heaven's sake. Whatever dignity she had was shot.

She let out a tired, relieved sigh as a wave of hot urine rushed down her legs, leaving them glistening in the florescent lighting. The wave was not the end though. Susan stood there, dazedly looking Carla in the eyes as a loud hissing of liquid spraying on fabric permeated the air for what seemed like an eternity.

At the end of it all Susan was huffing, but also moaning as if on the verge of something. She felt that there was still a little left somehow, it didn't matter at this point, she was drenched, what dignity she had was in shambles and Carla had seen it all. She put pressure on her bladder again but did not tighten her muscles, they were too exhausted anyway.

A final smaller wave flooded her panties, warming them right back from their slightly cooling state. With that final wave came something unexpected, a rocking orgasm that made her exhausted mind go white. She nearly collapsed forward but found something soft holding her up.

*002*2026-01-04 19:18

{{3 hours ago, Toasty said:

Holy shit, this is really, really, really good! Especially for a first story! I would absolutely love to see you continue this, and I'm sure I'm not alone in that.

}}

I'm so glad you liked it. I will probably continue it bit by bit as time goes.

My plan is to play with POVs a bit so I was thinking a first person view from Susan and maybe one from Carla but I suppose we'll see.

I've done my fair share of writing, just generally not kink related lol.

*003*2026-01-04 21:43

Here's a part 2 going for a 1st person perspective. See if you like the way this reads more or less and I will consider my next stories based on your advice (not that this one will end here. I think that as long as people stay interested in it I may keep this one going a while:

PART 2: Carla's POV

I'm so glad a chose to wear a pull up to my classes today. I don't usually wear them, I'm not a baby nor do I have a medical issue but that one post in the student forums made sense. It was hilarious at first 'Diaper Up For Exams', who in their right mind would do such a thing? Wouldn't they just die of embarrassment?

That was initially my thought anyway. However after a close call the other day after a normal length class I came to realize that maybe there was something to it, as ridiculous as it sounds. Honestly, at the time I was more than a little grossed out by the idea. After all who goes in their pants beyond babies, maybe toddlers and those with a medical condition, it is just weird.

Right now I am so glad I actually followed through with that silly post. It was SO embarrassing to pick out adult pull ups at the store. It felt like EVERYONE was watching me even though I chose a quiet store with hardly any customers. The trouble with choosing a small store like this though, was that there was no self checkout. I swear my cheeks must have been crimson but the older lady behind the counter didn't even give me a skeptical look, simply rung me up and bagged my purchase. Keeping it from my dorm mate Jessica was its own hassle but much less embarrassing.

Then came the exam. Professor Harris has a stigma about her in the forums and the reason for it was clear. This exam is absolutely insane. I'm a decent student, came to every class, took notes and marked the 'secret' topics but how could I have known just how ridiculous these questions could be.

As the exam went on I started needing the bathroom. However I was positive I could make it through this without using this pull up. It was just a safety measure after all, not meant to be used unless there was no other option.

Luckily I made it through the exam with minutes to spare. My eyes were floating and worst of all I needed to poop. I am so so glad I finished this painful experience without using this pull up. It doesn't feel bad against my skin but it definitely makes me feel self conscious. I swear everyone can here the rustle beneath my skirt.

That's beside the point though. The reason I am so glad I listened to that crazy post is because after the exam the worst outcome happened. I had made it, I made it to the bathrooms despite feeling several times along the way that my control was going to slip. My bladder and sphincter are so worn out from holding this long they are screaming at me.

I get to the doors and tried the handles. All three are locked! Why are they locked? It even shows on the little sign that they are unoccupied. They should be open!

I don't know what I'm supposed to do! I made it all this way and the next closest bathroom is up two flights of stairs. TWO, I could hardly make it here let alone all the way there.

It was then that it happened. It was just a little slip. A small spurt that warmed the padding my legs. I knew it was the death knell of my control though. My legs were heavy and felt like jello, they caved and I was forced to lean on the door for support.

This can't be happening to me. I'm not a toddler, I'm not supposed to be doing this. This is so humiliating, knowing that I am in the process of using what may as well be a diaper, having failed to reach the toilet.

I can feel it, my cheeks are burning, my eyes are watering and tears are streaming. Am I going to cry like a baby too? And all along I am pissing myself. I hear it like the roaring of a river pounding in my ears. The heat that started in the gusset of the pull up is climbing up both the front and back. The padding is swelling, filling the gap between my legs as it droops with the weight of my shame.

Then comes the worst part. My bladder gave out so of course my bowels are going to do the same. I really must be a baby if I am doing it all right here with a toilet just a few feet ahead. At first I don't feel anything. My bowels and anus had relaxed but nothing was happening. Maybe I still have a chance, maybe with this I can make a run for that bathroom one floor up.

Then it hit and that hope was nothing but a dream. My gut cramped and I am forced to lean into the bathroom door harder as the back of this, may as well be diaper, fills with something I don't even want to think about. It isn't hard which makes me fear the mess that I am going to have to clean later, but it isn't liquid which I think may be a good thing. What it is, is like a warm clay covering my butt and I can't tell if it feels pleasant, oh my God what am I thinking, of course it isn't pleasant, I just shat myself. Still at this point the deed was already done. I can still feel some pressure in my bowels so I do the unthinkable. If I have already wet and messed myself like a baby I may as well finish the job.

I bear down on my gut and give a grunt that makes my cheeks feel like they are on fire but the last is pushed into my packed pull up. I moan out in relief because as humiliating as this is, and right now I want to die of humiliation, it also feels SO good to finally be empty.

The end of my moan comes off as a sob. I may as well cry like a baby, I feel like one anyway.

Then I turn my head, hoping beyond hope I am alone to find out I actually am not! Now I REALLY want to bawl and run away. I don't know when she arrived, I think her name is Susan? But if she saw any of what I just did I may as well crawl into a hole and die.

It was then I saw something just as shocking. He hand was shoved in her crotch, keeled over slightly, likely in need of the restroom that neither of us was going to get.

I watched as she suddenly hunched over more tightly, a grunt escaping her lips followed by a short look of relief. There weren't any clear signs, maybe she was able to actually hold it. If she can make it up the stairs maybe she can actually make it.

Our eyes meet and her dark green eyes stare into me as that looks of relief vanishes in a moment replaced with a look of pain. I watched the brunette with her red rimmed glasses and fairly athletic physique bear down and puff up her cheeks a bit, her eyes watering and tears starting to run down her cheeks as she grunts, and grunts some more. Is she actually pushing something into her jeans? Did she need to poop as well? Why is she doing this? It's obvious that she is actually putting effort into emptying her bowels unlike me having no control. I just finished what was already all but written but she, she is actually doing what I thought only babies and potty training toddlers ever did. Does she like doing this? Is she wearing some type of diaper as well?

The answer to the last question became obvious not moments later. I watched a wave of dark blue cascade down her thighs where there once was light blue jeans. It drenched her entire front in a moment and left nothing of the prior color at all. This was followed by a sound I can only describe as when you spray a hose on something fabric. She must have had to go quite a lot, maybe she wasn't doing it on purpose, it is a shame that she must not have seen that weird post in the forums. It may not have been 'better' but at least her pants wouldn't show signs like this. There is even a growing puddle of mostly clear liquid growing beneath her, rivulets running off the cuffs of her jeans and from the inside of her legs.

For reasons I don't understand it is actually a little fascinating to see. This entire time her glazed over, watery eyes have kept in contact with my own. Her tear stained cheeks red and I could swear she is just as close as I am to full on crying.

Soon the powerful hissing stops but she apparently wasn't done. She bared down one last time and I can see a fresh wave of pee re-soak her jeans, likely doing what I had done and finishing an already done deal.

As this happened something I really didn't expect at all occurred. She let out a cute, high pitched moan, not one of relief but one like I have only really ever heard matched in the videos I have watched online while pleasuring myself. Is she really enjoying this? Does she like being seen doing things like this?

She started to fall forward with her eyes closed, like she lost all control of her body. I react without thinking, doing my best to catch her, though our height difference makes that hard. In the end she ended up on her knees, leaned forward with her face in my breasts.

This is very awkward in SO many ways. I can't move without letting her faceplant on cold hard tile that lines the outside of the bathroom area. Not to mention it is covered in her pee.

Luckily the bathrooms are in an alcove off from the main hall, but still. What if someone walks in and sees this? How do I even explain this?

At least I think I can get away with what happened since it is all contained, but when she fell forward the bottom of her jacket moved out of the way and it is obvious that she won't be hiding much of anything.

The butt of her jeans are tented in an odd shape that makes it perfectly clear what happened. Her jeans are also drenched through, front and back of her legs. The biggest problem however would be someone seeing her with her face pressed between my breasts. They will think we're perverts or that she attacked me, and that loud moan just before is making me worry that someone heard.

Please hurry and wake up so we can get out of here and forget this ever happened.

###

Let me know what you think. Should I work with 1st person, 3rd person or maybe blend the two?

Also what are your thoughts on Susan and Carla so far?

How do you think this will develop? I am curious to here from readers.

