The Party

Author: -Sugar-

*000*2026-01-19 19:51

This is my first story, so be kind. Constructive feedback very much appreciated!

The party

Part 1

The night before the party:

There was bustling activity in the beautiful, spacious half-timbered little house, whose walls and floors would soon tremble, from the bass, yes, and quite possibly from the smaller and greater monstrosities it would bear witness to in the night that followed.

The party preparations were in full swing. By now the summer solstice party at their little hamlet had become a tradition, one that friends and acquaintances from the surrounding villages looked forward to with excitement weeks in advance. The atmosphere at these gatherings was so relaxed and exuberant that one could feed on that unfathomable bliss for days afterwards. This was surely due to the welcoming nature of this unusual household, who had a heart for the marginal, the eccentric, and the wilfully unconventional.

Who were they then, these young people with their full hearts and their minds in the stars?

One hour before the party

Conny, a broad shouldered blond young man with freckles hands a small bag of shrivelled mushrooms to a nervously fidgeting Seth. “You sure you wanna do this?” asks he of the slender, curly-haired man. “patronizing much?” Seth counters. Nah, I care about you, you know that. Besides, on my first trip back in the days I almost made a mess in my pants, twice, actually, when I think about it. His gaze drifts into the distance, but Seth interrupts his detour down memory lane. “What do you mean, are you saying what I think you are saying?” “Shrooms can have that effect on you, you know. You constantly feel you have to poop, but you don’t know for sure if it’s real. 

Good thing I was in the forest, I could immediately squat and jam down my pants the moment I felt the turd touching my undies.” Whoah, gosh, you serious man?” Seth asked with a mix of anxiety and excitement. “Don’t worry Setherle, You gonna have a fun time, promise. Besides, Leonora is Babysitting you, isn’t she?” the tall one smirked. “Ah shut up” Seth blushed. Somehow The handsome, older man always managed to make him feel small. Not in a bad way necessarily, but it was confusing. With this tingling warmth in his belly, he added “It’s called trip sitting and it’s responsible”, trying to sound as grown up as possible.

Meanwhile in the Twins’ room

Lulu spun around in front of the large wardrobe mirror to admire her eerily cute party outfit. She had opted for the washed-out, tightly cut denim overalls that pressed teasingly against her pussy. To go with them, yellow knee-high socks with pink stripes at the top. “Do you think I’m going a bit overboard with the babygirl theme?” she asked her sister playfully. Without responding to her question, Lola asked in a serious tone: “ Are we really gonna do this?” “It was your idea, don’t chicken out now” and with a small pause Lulu added “besides, aren’t you wearing double padding and leather pants anyways? I will be the one they call pissy missy behind my back.” 

“The leather pants will cover the piss traces just fine, but then again people will notice my big, bulky diaper butt. And it’s only getting bigger as the night continues. Following the rules, that we are allowed to pee anywhere but the bathroom, I definitely prefer to go in my pants. I won’t be bothering to go outside and find a place to potty every half hour or so. Besides, we don't want to sour our plants. And unlike you, I don’t have an exhibitionist strike to me that would tempt me to release myself into our living room palmetto.” Lola teased. “ How I handle my needs shall be no concern of yours” her sister retorted cockily. And then: “We don’t want to spoil the surprise, do we?”…

One hour into the party

The living room walls were dancing from sparkly lights and the early guests had already opened the dance floor moving to the beat. Leonora, who was just returning from the kitchen with a cold non-alcoholic beer (yes, she takes her responsibilities seriously), let her gaze sweep over the crowd in search of Seth. He wasn’t among the dancers, and she hadn’t seen him by the campfire either. Then her gaze landed on a large grey tangle of blankets on the big corner sofa. Her eyes narrowed detective-like. “Well hidden”, she thought, “but not well enough for Leonora Care Bear”. She enjoyed herself in this role. All the more had she felt flattered when Seth asked her if she wanted to be his trip sitter. She had a soft spot for the little oddball. Leonora danced her way across the room and took a seat next to the jumble of blankets under which she suspected her friend was hiding.

“Seth, are you in there?” she asked tentatively. A mumbling “mhmhh” is all she got back. “Are you okay there, sweetie?” she tried again. “Yes, No , I mean I don’t know… Can you help me, please? Seth stuttered from beneath the blankets. “Yes of course, what is it, Seth?” “The shrooms, they definitely kicked in and, and..oh it’s so embarrassing” he stopped.

Darling boy, it’s me you talking to, Elenora, there is nothing in the world you need to feel ashamed about in front of me” his friend reassured him. “okay, well” he started again “So Conny told me, that some people can get a sudden urge to poop when they are tripping but they don’t even know if it’s real or not and now, you know, I have this feeling, this heavy feeling in my underwear, as if I had a huge load parked in there. But I’m to afraid to check” he rumbled on. 

Leonora couldn’t help it, she got herself a heavy feeling in her knickers of a whole other kind. Her pussy began to twitch and throb, clearly sending signals that this was more than turning her on, this was the material of her wildest and dirtiest fantasies. “D do you want me to check for you?” and quickly she added “I certainly can’t smell anything”, hoping to comforting to her friend despite her unleashed lust for the forbidden filling of her friend’s pants.

“would you?”, Seth asked shyly. Slowly, she slid her trembling hand under the blanket, first feeling a calf and gently tracing his leg up until she reached his butt. “Turn your back to me,” she gently instructed him. Flustered as she was, she felt his butt for a bulge, but there was none. “Nope, nothing there” She just barely managed to banish the disappointment from her voice. “You sure?” “Yep, clean as a whistle” she said cheerfully. And then she said: “ You can relax, you know! Conny can be a bit of a jerk sometimes, doesn’t think before he speaks. You won’t have an accident. 

And even if you did, would that be so bad? This is such a lovely and loving place full of people who have nothing but love and sympathy for you, who would nothing but comfort you if you had accidentally filled your pants. They’d probably tell you all their bathroom mishaps just to make you feel better.” Leonora’s words felt like a warm blanket, he felt the love of her sentences infusing his body from head to toe into the tips of his fingers. He freed himself from his fortress of shame and glowed over his whole face. “I love you so much, Elenora, do you even know that? You’re like the mom I never had”. “Shhh now, that’s the shrooms talking” she said, but secretly she felt a similar warmth spreading through her body. Weren’t they lucky to have found this refuge, she thought.

