Unforgettable Memory

Author: Skylar

*000*2024-12-10 14:46

Hi, everyone, it’s a sequel of my last post Chapter One: Coincident Encounter

(here’s the link:

$/107218-coincident-encounter/

)

This series will be continued if favored, so don’t be shy and leave your comments, so I can decide whether to continue my writing.

Hope you like it!❤️

(P.S. I’m writing the last part of it during my own desperation, it’s so exhilarating and arousing!!!)

Unforgettable Memory

After that miraculous omo-experience they’d been through together, Ashley and Charlotte got to know each other better. Ashley’s confession after desperation let Charlotte’s guard down for good that she afterwards acknowledged her filthy thoughts about Ashley, who was aroused just hearing to them, and the dimple squeezed by her sheepish smile turned rosy. A subtle bond was covertly established during their mutually outspeaking what’s hidden deep down. They couldn’t even imagine how compatible they are if it weren’t for that eventful afternoon, but then it was like destiny. It was not until that Thursday night did their lustful communications come to an end, when they officially assured their romantic relationship. The extreme desperation would took Ashley a whole day to recover, at least she said so to Charlotte, who thus cancelled the plan to play with her bladder on Friday.

You never know how magnetized are people when seeing the ones in their wildest dreams in flesh, as it was for these two lovebirds. Their relationship soon heated up. Friday was bit of a busy day for Charlotte, whose schedule was full till noon. Meanwhile, Ashley only had one morning course to take, so she picked up Charlotte as the last class dismissed then they were out for lunch together. After their lunch in amusing chit-chats, they decided to study in the library for an afternoon review. On the walk there, Charlotte noticed Ashley fall behind a few steps, so she turned around to her and flirted smilingly,

“Thought you are in recovery today, are you secretly holding it again?”

“Nah, not at all,” Ashley refocused from the trance, “it’s just, I think I saw someone I knew, from my high school.”

“Oh? That’s great, so why don’t you go and greet her, or him? I mean.” Charlotte said in surprise.

“It’s not him, I misrecognized, besides that’s not quite a good memory of mine.” Ashley looked uneasy.

“Well, it’s okay now, whatever he did to you had long-gone. It’s alright and I’ll always be there for you.” Charlotte came close and held her in her arms and consoled.

“Ohh... I’m so lucky to have you, honey.” Ashley replied, “But I’m over it already, and it partially made who I am today I guess. So it does no harm sharing with you.”

She got herself out of Charlotte and took her hand, narrating her story along the way,

“Back in my first year of senior high, I somehow fell victim to the school bullies. I didn’t know what I did wrong that pissed them off. At first, it was just little pranks like pulling my hair, hiding my textbook or cutting my eraser. I pretended to ignore them, but all it managed to do was making them even more wanton. They started to stain my homework, bumping on me deliberately, and finally harassing me sexually. Once they dragged me to the toilet at noon, coercing me to suck their under part with mouth, and I defied, so they slapped me on my face and tugged my hair till I obeyed.

I was too scared under their threat so I tolerated their abuses. My life was a living hell that torturing 3 months. And the one I saw just now, I misrecognized him as the main culprit of it. Fortunately, one time, has was caught by a bystander who then reported it to the teachers and finally the bullies were dismissed. The hidden camera around the campus recorded proof enough to sent them in juvenile prison. Justice done.”

While she was speaking, Charlotte listened to it in pure rage and sympathy. Every words in Ashley’s voice was so soft, yet pierced through her like pins and needles. The empty hand of hers clenched tightly,

“How monstrous! Wish those goddamn beasts ENJOY what they deserved!”

Ashley stared at her furious look and added, “However, this nightmarish experience did bring me something I had never discovered before. In one of their bullies, they guarded my seat every breaks till the class began so that I wasn’t able to go to the toilet. By this means they forced me to hold my urine till the last class was over. I managed to hold it all along, which was not a favored result for them, who was hoping to see me piss myself in class. Therefore, they trapped me in the classroom and waited until all others were gone. They then gave me an empty bottle and told me to pee in it in front of them. I intended to hold it but was so desperate so I shamefully took the bottle and released, as they huddled around mocking and teasing.

What’s more, they put the bottle full of urine to my mouth and savagely instilled it into my mouth. I half-drank half-leaked it, the dribbling liquid staining my uniform, after which they hadn’t had enough. I saw them pulling out their sticks and pissed all over me, from my face to my feet. I finally ended up drenched in their odorous piss and had to clean up around my seat myself. I came home with soaking wet uniform and a nauseous smell in my mouth. 

At first I thought that was gross, but as the humiliation went on, I found myself a bit turned on despite their horrible behaviors. And it was like a sudden rush of biological instinct that I couldn’t resist. I was terrified at it initially. After further consideration, I justified it as finding my real fetish. That’s how I know I’m fond of omorashi. For a long period of time after the bullies were gone, I was still fantasizing that humiliation they let me suffer and took delight in it. Guess I’m truly a masochistic pervert, taking pleasure even orgasming in being abused.”

Charlotte heard her voice lower down at the last sentence so she rectified her,

“No, no, you’re thinking the wrong way. It’s not like you are into their abuses, of course. You’re simply fond of omorashi, that’s your fetish and that’s all. So no need to be ashamed of it, after all it’s their fault not yours. You mustn’t blame yourself for it, sweetheart.”

“Umm, it makes sense, what you said. And, does it mean that I can enjoy this fantasy even actualize it without feeling guilty?” Her lips curved a grin, face lit up.

“Err, what do you mean?” Charlotte asked, confused upon her appearance.

“I’m trying to say,” Ashley laughed at her lovely bewildered look, “can you redo that thing to me again, like the bullies?”

“What?!” Charlotte was startled in a brief moment, then returned to her usual composure, “I mean, it’s bold. But if you request, I’ll do anything for you, you know.”

“Then do it! And don’t be merciful on me, do whatever you like to toy with me. Of course, after today’s recovery.” Ashley looked like she’s gonna scream out of excitement, if they weren’t in public.

“Well, here we are, the library. Focus on study first, you’ll get your torture tomorrow, you little brat.” Charlotte said in a teasing tone and took her hand heading towards the library.

……

An afternoon of study was exhausting. They went out to a cafe for dinner afterwards, then to dorm for resting and entertaining, finally both falling asleep. Saturday was a rest day without courses for both of them, so Charlotte chose this perfect day to play with Ashley. The next morning Ashley woke up first, and couldn’t wait to get the plan done. So she climbed up beside Charlotte’s bed and woke her from her sleep.

“Ohh…What are you doing…” Charlotte mumbled, lingering in her cozy bed.

“Come on~ You said you’d do it for me~” Ashley flirted coquettishly.

Charlotte was overwhelmed by her enchanting at once. She reluctantly got off the bed. And after morning wash-up, she quickly came into her role.

“Go release it, this will be your last chance today.” Charlotte commanded in an unfamiliar frigid voice compared with her usual tone.

Ashley was surprised, but soon went to the bathroom and emptied her bladder. As she came back, only to find Charlotte gone. Before she questioned where she go, Charlotte was back with a box of bottled water and a bag of some groceries. She bought cereal and milk for Ashley’s breakfast, and ate some herself. After finishing it, she handed her two bottles of water, purposely trying to be mean,

“How incapable you were, couldn’t even hold it through a class, and ended up being carried to toilet. What a waste, aren’t you? Ashamed? You should be! Let me train you for better. Now, go finish these in an hour, while studying as usual.”

During their previous conversations, Charlotte knew well about Ashley’s captivity, so she assumed it a beginning warmup for her. Just as expected, Ashley drank it all in just 30 minutes without pressure, and spent the rest of the hour studying, not at least perturbed. As time went by, there came the next round: another two bottles in 90 minutes. Since the last two bottles had quenched her thirst, Ashley took a bit longer this time, only 50 minutes, still. In the next 40 minutes, she could sense the first one liter taken in was slowly transformed into urine and began to pressure mildly on her bladder, but not enough to be conscious of. Then she was given a free hour for entertainment, during which she put on her earphones and watched series, and the bladder pressure kept getting heavier.

The fun time is always slipping by so fast. Ashley’s next task was to go jogging with Charlotte. In fact, the regular exercise time for Charlotte was early in the morning, but because she’d overslept and had Ashley’s request to fulfill, she altered it till nearly noon. So she took Ashley with her, jogging around the campus for half an hour. As for Ashley, whose bladder was carrying pretty much water, it was no other than a miserable torture. Every step she took made her bladder suffer more, which was a bittersweet feeling of pain and pleasure. What added insult to injury was Charlotte’s harsh sarcasm: “Catch up with me, you’re slow as a snail.”

“How about I put a collar on your neck and drag you around.”

“It seems our little urinal can’t walk by herself.”… Being humiliated like this, Ashley was not only more and more aware of the water inside her, but also more and more aroused by it.

Lunch was after the exercise. Charlotte ordered some slices of bread and a huge bowl of soup, in order to keep on feeding Ashley liquid. When the lunch was over, Ashley could already feel quite an amount of urine stored in her bladder, still with a belly of soup to be added to its collection. However, Charlotte’s outrageous plan hadn’t ended. When they arrived at the dorm, she proposed,

“Don’t you like tea? Let’s make one now, where’s your teabag.”

Ashley knew there was no escape, so she grabbed a teabag from the drawer and a bottle of water, putting them both into the electric kettle, and made a kettle of black tea. Hearing to the sound of boiling water itself made her closer the the edge, not to mention what came next.

“Drink it in 30 minutes, Now!” Charlotte said non-negotiably.

“What?! But, it’s boiling hot…” Ashley answered unbelievably.

“Oh, dummy, don’t you see the cold water down there?” Charlotte pointed to the box of bottled water in the corner.

“Woah, it can’t be true…” Ashley stared desperately at the boiling tea.

“How much water do I have to drink to dilute it…Can I really take that much…” She thought to herself in deep concern, when Charlotte’s hustled her,

“Don’t hesitate, little urinal, there’s not much time left.”

Decisively, she mixed the tea with cold water and drank again and again till there’s no tea left in the kettle, during which she literally took in nearly three bottles of water. On each gulp, her crotch twitched in desperation. After this round, Ashley uncontrollably intertwined her legs tight and press her hands against the crotch to resist the sudden rush. And she did it, putting her hands back, legs less crossed. “Impressive!” Charlotte thought to herself, but on the surface she remained cold and relentless. She then dragged her by the hair, gentle but humiliating, and took her to the bathroom, where her would receive the final blow.

“Strip yourself!” Soon as they came into the bathroom, Charlotte snapped.

Ashley froze silently on the spot, hesitating.

“Do it right now, before I tear your clothes off myself!” Another strict yell, though she wouldn’t actually do that if Ashley refused to do so.

Frightened by her intimidation, Ashley started to take off her clothes, almost whimpering.

When she took of her skirt, Charlotte could spot a blot on her underwear, so she reproached,

“Leaking, aren’t you?”

“No… It’s not a leak…” Ashley sobbed, trying to preserve her last wisp of dignity left.

“Not a leak? Well, then it’s your love juice I guess. Just holding your urine makes you about to cum, you little slut!”

“No… I’m not… Oh! Please, don’t…” Ashley retorted, but instead letting out a horny moan as Charlotte pressed hard against her abdomen.

“Huh, what a slut! Then continue stripping, you’ll need to be stark-naked.”

Ashley blushed at her words at once, and begged for not taking off her undies.

“It’s a command, not a request! Do you want a few more presses on your belly?”

Finally she took them all off and stood completely nude in front of Charlotte, legs still unseparated to struggle against her brimming bladder.

“It must be hard holding on for so long, isn’t it?” Charlotte grinned wickedly and fondled her smooth body from her tits down her legs. And Ashley stood there quivering in desperation, with her sensation being stimulated continuously. Her body felt a spasm of tingling lust, as Charlotte touched her sensitive part, she could do nothing but humming lecherously almost as if to seduce her. Charlotte witnessed her messy behaviors and nearly lost herself in such temptation. In case of losing her solemnity, she let Ashley stay put for a while and fetched some bottles herself one the way concentrating on the process.

“This will be your release.” Charlotte gave her the empty bottles, then went back on teasing her.

Ashley hanged on with all her strength, though Charlotte’s torture never seemed to end. After 10 minutes struggle, Ashley succumbed physically and mentally to her, letting out a bursting stream in the bottle, some splattering on the ground, messing the ceramic floor and her own feet. In the end, Ashley sighed a long sigh of relief.

“You thinks it’s over? No, not even close.” Charlotte’s voice rang again, “Do you noticed I’ve been holding it the whole day as well? Just not as much as you are.”

She squeezed Ashley’s jaw, arbitrarily splitting her cherry lips and poured the whole bottle into the mouth for her to savor, the overflowing splattered on the ceramic floor wetting her feet. Then she filled her mouth with urine and zipped it closed, not allowing her to swallow. The massive pleasure release made Ashley subjugated by desire, she followed as Charlotte said mindlessly and waited for new commands.

“Fine, now kneel below my loins, face up.” Charlotte said as she undressed herself.

Ashley’s shame had faded away through this utter humiliation, she positioned herself where Charlotte instructed without doubt.

“As I said, I hold it till now, just for you, now enjoy your shower!” Charlotte let out a gurgling shower running down Ashley’s body. Her face confronted the golden waterfall directly. Attributed to her shut mouth full of urine, she Could only breathe through her nose which was engulfed by Charlotte’s bursting stream, this smelling a mixture of Charlotte’s and her own piss, tantalizing her with desire. Eventually, she was so aroused that she started to rub her clit wetted by piss and love juice as Charlotte kept releasing more on her. At the same time Charlotte finished peeing, she reached her climax, spewing the urine inside her mouth out on the floor, breathing and screaming lasciviously out of extreme pleasure.

…

After the irrational madness came to an end, they took a bath together and cleansed the mess they left. Charlotte’s returned to her normal gentle voice, grabbing her arms around Ashley and whispering near her left ear,

“Honey, you’re gorgeous, the best thing ever happened to me in my whole life, I love you so much. Don’t mind my rude comments today, I’m just acting.”

“Of course I know, sweetheart, I love you, too. And from now on, I can fantasize this without concern, cause it’s a sweet memory of you, instead of that dreadful nightmare.” Ashley smiled blissfully, head leaning slightly against her chest.

“Yes, it’ll be a sweet memory for us two.”

