Ja'Lana in the uromancer's lair - part 2

Author: spoilerman

*000*2021-02-03 10:53

Everything stopped as the figure resting on the armchair slowly stood up and snapped her fingers and the last thing Malina saw was a giant slime engulfing her.

«She doesn’t like this, Malina has been gone for too long…» Ja'Lana was pacing back and forth, biting her nails «What if she got caught? This one should go and check…»

Haylindel shushed her and whispered a concerned «Ja'Lana, LOOK!» while pointing at the cracked ceiling over the lab.

A small green body was being carted by the same watery blob to the same torture table that claimed the bandit woman’s life, quickly followed by the menacing robed figure of the Mistress and three floating beings, no bigger than canaries who quickly secured the goblin’s limbs and ripped her clothes to shreds using their sharp claws.

Her two friends watched in terror as the Mistress raised her hands, engulfing the tiny body in bright blue sparks, Malina came to with a scream

«AAAAAAAARGH! Wh...what the…oh fuck…» she finally realized where she was. Her gaze moved from the Mistress to the three floating creatures that accompanied her

«Which…which one of you is “Cassie”?» a fairy-like creature with a bowl cut that covered her eyes meekly raised her hand and muttered

«Uh…me?»

Malina glared at her then smirked

«I’ll remember that, just you waAAAAAAAAAAAH!» her banter was cut short by another shock as the Mistress cleared her throat

«I’m sorry, am I INTERRUPTING something? YOU, young lady, broke into my home in an attempt of, I presume, getting rid of me.» she held Malina’s shoulder pad sporting the Brotherhood’s sigil «I do want to know how your…associates…came to know about me. I’ve been very scrupulous about covering my tracks and I’m pretty sure that none of my victims ever made it out to tell the story.» she pointed at the cellar where the bandits were stored «You can’t be one of them, of that I’m sure, their leader would have spilled anything after what I did to her so, hear me and hear me WELL, because I’m going to ask this just ONE time» her tone changed drastically as a more powerful shock hit the goblin «WHO SENT YOU?».

Malina gritted her teeth, trying to maintain composure.

«Well…it’s a long story…» she caught a glimpse of an orange blur and a light blue blot in one of the cracks in the ceiling and quickly masked her head movement by looking all around the room «I wasn’t really hired to kill anyone. It was a weird contract but I was tasked with finding an artifact in this general area. I’ve been crawling in your base for a while now and…AAAAAAAAARGH!» the Mistress didn’t even flinch

«You expect me to believe that, you pathetic waste of oxygen? Fine, if you don’t want to talk I’ll just…»

One of the floating creatures creatures, this one sporting side bangs covering her right eye, gleefully raised her hand to intercede

«It’s true! It’s true! We saw her! We followed her around and she has just been rummaging in every store room she could find!» the Mistress smiled as she petted her tiny head

«Really now? You followed her for that long?» her smile faded as her grip strengthened «AND YOU DIDN’T THINK OF WARNING ME? WHAT’S WRONG WITH YOU PATHETIC ELEMENTAL REJECTS?!» the fairy was flung across the room and collapsed on the floor after hitting a wooden crate

«BEA!» shouted the other two as they flew to their sister

«Let this be a lesson, you shrimps! I made you and I can UN-make you as I see fit! You are supposed to guard this place and yet you let this…WHORE inside MY home!»

«HEY!» the bound goblin shouted back «Don’t blame those three! It’s not their fault if you didn’t follow the universal dungeon regulations!»

The hag looked at her in disbelief, her eye twitching

«What...the FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!»

«It’s…it’s the fhiiiiiiiiiiiiiirst…»another shock hit her bound body as Malina tried to continue her “explanation” «…the first thing they teach you in dungeon delving 101: the important rooms are always on the right side of the map, that’s why it’s called the RIGHT side. If you had placed your bedroom on the right and always right, I would have stumbled upon you and you would have caught me but you had the BALLS to put it ALL THE WAYS TO THE LEFT AND ALWAYS LEFT! You can’t blaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!» the Mistress didn’t let her finish

«Fine, you want to be a smart-ass? You want to be FUNNY?»

«Oh…oh no…please…» Malina’s face fell, knowing full well where that was going

«Oh YES, yes indeed, let’s see how you like when I’M being funny, you don’t expect me to ignore when free essence is delivered directly into my home now, do you?»

Ja'Lana and Haylindel watched in horror as blue sparks formed around Malina’s feet, her tiny body tensing up as the tickly sensation made its way through. The goblin, however, didn’t laugh, she didn’t scream.

She smirked, looking directly at her torturess.

«Honey, I’m a DOMME, I do this shit every day. This isn’t torture, it’s Fredas evening for me! Is this all that you learned from that shitty old YELLOW book you left in your chambers? Also, I’ve never seen someone keep EMERGENCY BOOZE in a glass case! You must be nuHUHUHUHUHUUUts!» sparks formed around her breasts and sides and, this time, she laughed.

«Ticklish boobies, huh? Good to know…» the Mistress smiled evilly and charged another shock.

High above the lab, Haylindel and Ja'Lana could do nothing but watch as their friend was tortured, sparks teasing and tickling her sensitive chest and sides, shocks vibrating between her toes.

Ja'Lana couldn’t bare to keep looking at her friend like this, as Malina’s face was now permanently frozen in a look of despair, her eyes wide open, endlessly moving left…then up…then left…TWICE.

She understood.

Ja'Lana grabbed Haylindel and dragged her away from the hole

«It’s a code! Malina just told us where the thing is!» the Khajiit pointed at the crack leading to the corridor

«From there, all to the left, there must be her chambers! And the last thing she said? “Emergency BOOZE”?»

Haylindel’s eyes lit up

«THE PHYLACTERY! We need to reach that place as soon as po…»

«NO WAIT NOHOHOHOHO!» Malina’s screams interrupted her mid sentence «DON’T TICKLE THEHEHEHEHERE! I CAHAHAHAHAN’T HOHOHOLD IT!»

Haylindel raced back to their vantage point, only to see small yellow droplets forming around Malina’s crotch

«NO! It’s too late!» the elf cried «She is almost losing control, if we go get the phylactery we won’t make it back in time and…» she looked at Ja'Lana that was now crying and something snapped inside the elf’s mind «I know what to do, come here.» she bared Ja'Lana’s chest and hastily painted another sigil on her abdomen, a diamond shape with four arrows pointing at a swirl then painted the same thing on her corset «I’m going to need you to bare this with me. YOU will go grab that fucking thing while I hold her off. I’m not going to sugarcoat it, this WILL be painful as you will feel EVERYTHING I feel, but it’s the only way.»

She walked over the part of the attic overseeing the cold storage

«Wait for me to start the distraction, then run for that stupid bedroom and bring me that phylactery!»

She smashed the planks with a lightning bolt and shot another one at the reinforced door, sending shards of wood and metal flying everywhere, at the same time, Ja'Lana sprinted down the corridor.

The Mistress turned around just in time to deflect the bulk of shards heading her way then laughed

«I KNEW she wasn’t alone! I admit, I was expecting you to come out sooner, I guess you enjoyed watching her suffer?»

Haylindel answered by shooting three quick bolts at her, the first two were deflected but the last one hit the Mistress square on her bulging belly

«You disrespectful little bitch! How dare you…» she caught a glimpse of Haylindel’s bladder inflating and deflating «Oh? Don’t tell me you found the notes I left at the college. My my, so there was someone stupid enough to actually perform that shitty ritual? You realize that you could never perform it correctly, right? I cursed that ritual myself and left it there on purpose to fuck with overly eager students like you!» she smiled looking at the bound goblin and giving her another shock «Then I already know what you were looking for, little bitch. You want my book. You want to know how to fix yourself…you want to get rid of those annoying ssssssssssssssssside effectssssssssssssss I created.».

Haylindel couldn’t help but to cross her legs, the seal she placed on herself already pushing its limits trying to keep her bladder in check

«You three!» the Mistress glared at Ana, Bea and Cassie «Go to my chambers this instant! She is not alone! Take the slime with you and STOP WHOEVER IS IN THERE or I’ll send you back where you came from!» the fairies begrudgingly nodded and left alongside the slime.

Another bolt grazed the hag’s face as she laughed again

«You really want to fight me, elf? You think you can beat me when I know your weakness?» she taunted looking at the now bloated Haylindel «Look at that bladder of yours!» she shot a magic bolt at her feet, causing the Haylindel to jump to the side «I bet there is an ocean swirling inside it! How long do you think you can hold it? Five minutessssss? TEN minutessssssss?» Haylindel winched again as her belly inflated more and another bolt flew towards her opponent, missing miserably.

The Mistress, however, didn’t miss and a crackling white bolt struck Haylindel’s stomach.

It felt like thousands of fingers were tickling her bladder inside and out which caused her to fall on her knees and shove a hand between her legs. She tried to form a magic shield with her free hand, but only managed to block direct hits to her belly, meanwhile the Mistress bombarded her with tickling bolts, hitting her everywhere else, each sending ticklish shocks to the her poor aching bladder.

The Mistress was now laughing even harder at her opponent’s pathetic attempts to fight back, easily dodging her weakening blasts and alternating between throwing potshots at Haylindel and shocking Malina’s bound body.

Despite each shock making her more aroused, Malina was cheering her friend as best as she could

«YOUHUHUHUHU CAN DOHOHOHO IIIIT! I believ…..FUUUUCK! I BELIEVE IN YOUHUHUHHUHUH…HAHAHAHAYYYY…»

Malina’s eyes widened as a big spark formed around her crotch

«WAIT NOHOHOH! HAY! STOHOHOHP HEHEHER!»

The Mistress turned to face the bound goblin

«Oh? Is something the matter?» she didn’t even bother dodging Haylindel’s next bolt that shamefully hit the ceiling

«Don’t be so rude, elf, I’m talking to your friend here why don’t you ssssssssssssssit and sssssssssssssstay put for a moment?» Haylindel couldn’t help but spurt a bit while collapsing to the ground in agony

«Now then.» the Mistress approached Malina «What was that about? Is the little whore about to cream herself? Would that make it difficult to hold it? Let’s see if I can help you with that…»

On Ja'Lana’s side, a few minutes earlier

It took Ja'Lana less than a minute to reach the door to the Mistress’ bedroom and kick it open. Judging by how much her bladder was inflating and how strong she felt the need to go, the battle must have already begun.

And Haylindel was losing.

The bulging Khajiit darted for the ornate bookcase and started rummaging through the tomes, all the while crossing her legs and biting her lip

«Come on! Come on! Where is that…AH! There it is!» she bagged the runic tome then shifted her attention to the glass case, gently tapping the glass with her dagger. Nothing happened. She slid her blade under the glass and lifted it slowly. Nothing, again. She threw the glass on the floor and grabbed the engraved water skin.

«HOLD IT RIGHT THERE…you…fuzzy intruder!»

The three water fairies had reached the room, together with the guardian slime

«Put that thing back and…uh…SURRENDER» commanded Cassie «If you won’t then this slime will capture you!» she didn’t sound convinced at all.

Ja'Lana looked at them, then at the slime getting ready to jump her, then back at the fairies.

«You…don’t seem to like that woman very much.»

Silence

«This one saw what she did to you, Bea, right? Are you feeling ok?»

«It DID hurt but…i’m fine…thanks…» mumbled Bea «This doesn’t change the fact that you need to come with us to the Mistress to be harvested. You…»

Bea stopped mid sentence seeing Ja'Lana bending in half from the pain

«What…what is happening to you?» asked Ana, concerned

«This one…this one can’t surrender. Her friend needs her…you…» another surge of pressure made her wince «…Gods dammit, Haylindel, didn’t they teach you how to dodge at the college?…» she murmured while pulling herself together

«This one can see you don’t like the Mistress, there must be a way to help each other here. She could…WHAT?»

Thanks to the surges of desperation she was sharing with Haylindel, she didn’t notice the slime crawling under her until it had already swallowed her feet up to the ankle. The gelatinous form seeping into her boots was now happily teasing and tickling her feet

«Uh…HEHE…NO! Not fahahahir! Leave her paws alohohone!»

The slime started rising, tickling higher and higher until it reached the underside of her belly, tickling her in an attempt of making her lose her balance.

«NO! NOT THEHEHERE! HEHEHELP!» the fairies watched as she started to panic and fell on her back, the slime quickly engulfing her and beginning to dissolve her clothes.

Instinctively Ja'Lana used her hand to cover the still fresh seal that was linking her to Haylindel, she wasn’t a mage but she had the feeling that washing that thing away would be bad for her friend

«PLEASE! Don’t stand there, help her!»

Bea looked at her sisters and they all shook their heads

«We can’t help you…just…let go of that thing and…»

«NEHEHEHEVER! She won’t let her friend die! Shehehehehe…shehehehe will…HMPH!»

Her speech was cut short as the slime now completely engulfed her, the only thing still sticking out was her outstretched arm holding the water skin.

Ja'Lana was laying there, naked, desperately holding her breath while the slime was having its way with her immobile body, as countless water tendrils were tickling her sides and enlarged belly, invisible fingers were scratching the soft pads under her paws and slippery tongues were making their way around her crotch, devilishly licking her rapidly swelling clit.

«This is it» she thought «This is how her story ends…tickled to orgasm underwater…by a slime…what a stupid death…» as her consciousness faded, she could see Ana frantically pointing at the water skin, shouting something at her, Bea was crying and Cassie…Cassie tackled her arm making her lose her grip.

She closed her eyes as the phylactery fell on the slime, she waited, expecting to fade away silently.

Suddenly, air rushed in her lungs as the slime holding her exploded as soon as it came in contact with the water skin.

«HACH! COUGH! Huff…what…what was that?» asked the confused Khajiit trying to get back on her feet «Did you do it? You said you wouldn’t help me…»

Ana fluttered in front of her

«No, we said we COULDN’T help you…we…we agree with you. The Mistress summoned us two hundred years ago to serve her and…well, she has been a bitch to us ever since. The slime exploded because she put a sort of safety on her phylactery. If any of the creatures she has summoned tries to touch it, they explode.»

Bea took over

«Even if you have that thing… » she paused as Ja'Lana shoved a hand between her legs, her belly inflating even more «…your friend won’t win. Sooner or later your bladder will give in, your makeshift seal will break and your friend will have to take the blunt of it once more.»

Cassie sat on Ja'Lana’s shoulder

«We know what the Mistress left at the college. It was a cruel thing to do but there is nothing you girls can do to stop her…it’s a pity, you looked so nice…»

«What if…» Ja'Lana tried to get back up as another fit of pain ran trough her «…what if this one breaks the damned thing? If her seal breaks, Haylindel will feel everything…it…GODS…it should be the same for that whore…» the fairies looked at each other

«Well…yes. But still, your friend is too weak now and the Mistress won’t lose any power if you do that, she will just kill you all and make a new one…and probably make new helpers too…»

Ja'Lana painfully raised back up

«Does the mistress…» she suppressed some giggles as she was now feeling the effect of the tickle bolts hitting Haylindel «…doehehes she have a plugghihihing sigil? The one thahahat…gods dammit whahahat is with mahahages and thihihckling?» she mustered all the strength she had

«DOES SHE HAVE THAT THING THAT PREVENTS THE PISS FROM COMING OUT?»

The sprites looked perplexed and started to mutter to each other

«Did she put that on too?» asked Bea

Ana looked at Cassie

«Dunno, I think she did…did she forget? Didn’t you take a close look at her crotch and belly yesterday? When she was asleep on the armchair?»

Cassie blushed

«I did…i didn’t say anything because I thought she would get mad but…there is no such thing on her body…I…I even tried to tickle her bellybutton and a tiny spurt came out. It was blocked by other minor seals immediately after but…yeah, she doesn’t have that one. I actually know why…»

Ja'Lana and the two sprites looked at Cassie confused

«Well…she…i saw her…she likes to pee. She keeps the phylactery close to her, then she pees until her bladder is empty and then she puts it back in…it’s gross and weird but I think…i think she gets off on that…»

Silence filled the room for a few seconds, up until Ja'Lana or better, Haylindel, was hit with the barrage of tickling bolts, causing the Khajiit to jump around the room, laughing like a maniac, as some drops started to escape her.

There was no time left.

She looked at the phylactery, still laughing, then back at the fairies

«Thihihis one…this one has an idea so sthuhuahahapid…so stupid it might just wohohohrk!»

She bared one of her claws and went for the glowing seal.

Meanwhile, back to Haylindel and Malina

Haylindel was still writhing on the floor, both hands clutched between her legs, while the Mistress was now paying full attention to the bound goblin in front of her

«So, my little green slut, was there something bothering you?» Malina rapidly shook her head, as much as she wanted to talk back to her, to make her snarky remarks, she couldn’t. She had to muster all the strength she had left to tune out the sparks that were now focusing exclusively on her genital area.

«You told me you were a domme, don’t tell me a mean girl like you can’t handle a few sparks on her coochie. Oh my…» she feigned surprise at the sight of the goblin’s erect clit «What’s this now? Why, it seems mr. clitty wants some attention. Good thing I invited mrs. hummers.» she pulled out a long purple gem from her pocket. One of the runes that spanned its entire length started to glow, causing the crystal to lightly hum and vibrate and Malina’s eyes to widen in fear.

The Mistress playfully hovered the crystal over Malina’s nipple, causing it to stiffen, she traced all the way to her other nipple and circled it, then slid the crystal down her tiny body, being extra careful to circle around the goblin’s now bulging belly.

Malina tried to close her legs but her bindings were too tight. She clenched her fists as the humming gem caressed her belly. She bit her lip when it approached her aching clit.

She wanted to focus, to blot out those feelings but, despite all that, she wanted it. She wanted that orgasm, knowing full well what would happen afterwards. As the gem pressed on her mound, the Mistress touched the crystal’s second rune, giving the gem a pulsating effect

«Mmmh…no…st…stop…» she tried to protest

«What’s wrong dear?» the Mistress’ voice was eerily sweet and calming «Don’t you like this? Doesn’t it feel good?» she touched the third rune and the gem’s vibrations intensified. She then proceeded to insert the gem in Malina’s moist cavity

«NO! MMMMMMMH…NOT LIKE THIS! Don’t make me cuaaaah...no! If I cum…if I… »

«What happens if you cum?» her tormentor giggled «Is it going to be so much more difficult for you to hold it?» she began sliding the crystal in and out «Will a pesky orgasm make you lose control of your body?» Malina nodded in tears as the Mistress added a twisting motion to the gem

«Then let the Mistress help you feel great. One. Last. Time.» she moved her thumb over to the last rune

«Goodbye little slut. Have a nice last org…»

She suddenly let go of the crystal that was then free to hum itself out of Malina’s body, the Mistress’ eyes shot wide open as sheer panic coursed trough her.

She looked at Haylindel but she was still recovering from her fight, and yet, she could feel it. Her belly was churning. Her insides were being compressed like they were in a vise. Her bladder was spasming.

«No! Who is…WHO IS DOING THIS?» she had to grab the torture rack to avoid falling on her knees

«SHOW YOURSELF! I COMMAND YOUHUHUHU! WHAHAHAT? WHAT’S HAPPEHEHEHENIHIHIHIHNG?»

Suddenly the door leading to the hallway was kicked open and out emerged a naked, bulging and utterly pissed off Khajiit that, to the Mistress’ horror, was holding the enchanted water skin, tickling its underside with her sharp claws.

«Step. Away. From. Her. FRIEND!» Ja'Lana grabbed the phylactery with bot hands and twisted it. The hag’s bladder did the same as she collapsed on the ground, urine spurting out of her.

«HOW? How are you doing this? You can’t be from the college! You can’t be a better mage than ME!» she managed to get back up, her legs still shaking «There…there is no way. You…you can’t have performed a counter ritual…you…» she finally managed to focus on the sigil on the water skin. She finally saw what had happened.

She saw the arrows on that seal. Each one of them was now pointing in both directions

«You…how did you know to do that? NOT EVEN MY MINIONS KNOW THAT!»

Ja'Lana smirked as she squeezed and tickled the phylactery some more, causing the Mistress to roll on the floor again, her belly deflating even more

«Oh it was just luck. This one just thought “if the seal sends the feelings in the direction of the arrows, maybe she can add more arrows”. And, wouldn’t you know it, IT WORKED! Now, STEP. ASIDE!»

The Mistress rose to her feet once more, her hands sparking with magic

«Don’t…don’t you dare do anything like that again! Now pass me that thing. SLOWLY! Or else I’ll kill the goblin slut. I’m serious! I will…»

She moved her electrically charged hand where she remembered Malina’s body to be.

Nothing was there.

She slowly turned her head and was horrified to see the torture rack completely empty.

«You know… » a chirpy voice chimed in from behind her «It’s like I always say. Never take your eyes away from a goblin if you care for your valuables, BITCH!» a powerful kick struck her behind her knee, forcing her to fall forward and onto the torture rack

«OUCH! How…where…when…HOW?» she tried to cast a spell but an azure blur hit her hand with the strength of a bullet, slamming it down and locking her arm on the rack. Her other hand quickly followed suit.

The fearsome Mistress was now immobilized, snarling at the three intruders and at the three traitors floating around Malina’s head.

«YOU THREE! I should have sent you back to the depths of Oblivion! You fucking…GAAAAAHAHAHAHAH!»

Ja'Lana interrupted her tirade by tickling the water skin with even more malice as the three water sprites giggled in unison.

«You should have treated us better, that’s what you should have done!» commented Ana

«Yeah, you summoned HELPERS not SLAVES!» echoed Bea

«YEAH, FUCK YOU!» concluded Cassie.

The Mistress realized quickly she was losing, she was immobilized and had already lost a few years worth of life thanks to that meddling cat. Trying to hide her panic she began to bargain

«Now…let’s be reasonable…we…uh…started on the wrong foot…maybe we can just…forget this all? I’ll even help you get rid of that curse. I swear…what are you doing? WAIT!» the fairies nonchalantly began removing her boots and tearing her robes open with their claws.

«W…wait…it doesn’t have to come to this…» Malina started cracking her knuckles, Haylindel created crackling sparks between her hands and Ja'Lana devilishly wiggled her tail closer and closer to the phylactery’s bottom

«NO! You NEED me! If you kill me now you will NEVER remove that curse!» two small blue heads popped up from under her armpits while a third popped up between her breasts

«That’s not true.» chirped Ana

«Yeah, WE know how to do that too. We have been with you for two hundred years after all.» confirmed Bea

«Girls… please! Allie, Baby, don’t let them do this to me!»

Everything stopped, the fairies scowled at her.

«What did you say? What did you call us?»

«A…Allie and Baby?»

«YOU DON’T EVEN KNOW OUR NAMES?! TWO HUNDRED YEARS AND YOU DON’T KNOW OUR FUCKING NAMES?» Cassie simply exploded

«Of course I do…uh…Denise? Isn’t that your naHAHAHAHA! No! DON’T TIHIHIHIHCKLE MEHEHEHE!» Ana and Bea started tickling her hairy armpits while Cassie traced her little claws around her nipples.

«Do you mind if I join in, girls?» Malina approached the bound feet wiggling her fingers.

«WAIT! I MIND! I MIHIHIHIHIHIND! NOHOHOHO!»

Ja'Lana smirked feigning ignorance

«She wonders what will happen if her tail touches this water skin…»

The Mistress’ laughter skyrocketed as the fluffy tail connected with her phylactery

«NOT THE TAIL! NOT THERE! NOHOHOHOHO! STOP IHIHIHIT!»

Her tormentors relentlessly tickled her for what seemed to be an eternity.

Malina’s claws ravaged her soles, Ja'Lana kept adding pressure on her bladder, being very careful not to push her too far in order to prolong her long overdue suffering, finally, the three fairies were having their was on her upper body with Cassie eagerly jerking and licking her now fully erect nipples.

Each passing moment she could feel more of her pee slipping away

«I don’t know about you» taunted Malina «But I don’t think it’s only pee flowing from between her legs. Oh by the Gods! SHE IS BLUSHING! Do you like being tickled like this? Oh then you are going to LOVE this!»

The tormented had braced herself between fits of laughter, fearing the worst to happen.

But nothing happened.

The fairies stopped tickling and teasing her, Ja'Lana stopped squeezing the phylactery and Malina…

Malina was now standing on the table, her minute physique looming over the bound woman who was trying desperately to catch her breath and while keeping her bladder in check.

«Huff…Huff…what…you…you stopped? Am I…am I free to go?» she looked at the goblin with begging eyes. Malina just smirked and pointed at something behind her.

It was Haylindel slowly cupping her hands around the Mistress’ ears.

Ja'Lana whistled to get her attention and, when the hag looked at her, she unplugged the water skin and emptied it on the ground, breaking the seal in the process.

At the same time, the horrifying sound of rivers and running water invaded her ears as Haylindel finished casting her dreadful illusion spell.

The Mistress shook her head, begging to be let go as she mustered all the willpower she had left to not wet herself right then and there.

«PLEASE! DON’T DO THIS! I’M SORRY! I WON’T KILL ANYONE ANYMORE! I’LL JUST…»

Malina covered her mouth with her big toe, cutting her off mid sentence.

Then smiled and opened her hand to reveal a glimmering purple crystal.

«NO! You WOULDN’T! YOU CAN’T!»

The goblin turned her back to her, comfortably sat on her bulging belly causing another spurt to escape.

«PLEASE! I’M BEGGING YOU!»

«Oh what’s the matter?» Malina giggled «Is the bad bitch afraid of mrs. hummers?» she touched the fourth last rune «Let mommy help you feel great. One. Last. Time.»

She shoved the vibrating crystal deep inside the aching pussy, making sure to press it against her bladder as much as possible and using her free hand to vehemently stroke her clit.

At the same time, Ja'Lana started licking the bound feet with her raspy tongue while Ana, Bea and Cassie assaulted the Mistress’ bulging belly and Haylindel turned the sound of rivers into raging waterfalls.

Her laughter filled the entirety of the ruins, causing some ice spikes to fall from the ceiling.

«NOOOOO! NOT LIKE THIHIHIHIHIHS! HAHAHAHAHA! I CAHAHAHAN’T END LIKE THIHIHIHIS! I AM THE MISTREHEHEHEHESS! BWAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAhahah…ahahhhh…» her laughter died as her bladder gave out. What once was a white haired beautiful woman was now rapidly turning to dust, leaving only mrs. hummers happily vibrating in a pile of white ash.

The three fairies scoffed at her remains and Cassie even spat on them

«Good riddance!» she added kicking a small mound of dust «Never in my life I’ve met a c*nt like her!»

Malina approached Cassie while at the same time sneakily pocketing mrs. hummers

«Are you ok, Cass?»

«Yeah, I’m fine…thanks.» she stifled a sob «you girls helped us big time. We won’t forget it.»

«Don’t mention it. By the way, since you probably have nothing else to do now, why don’t you come with us?»

The three sprites rejoiced at first then got sad again

«We would love that…but…» muttered Ana

«We need to help your friend first, we need to hurry! Quick!» Bea pointed at some materials in the lab

«What’s the rush?» Malina was confused «What’s with you three all of a sudd…OUCH!» Haylindel inexplicably ripped a few strands of hair from the goblin’s head «WHAT WAS THAT FOR, HAY?!»

«Shush, can’t talk. No time. Explain later.»

The elf quickly grabbed the three fairies and held them together with the lock of goblin hair.

Her eyes glowed white as she mumbled words incomprehensible to Ja'Lana and Malina. Shortly after she shouted

«BIND!» and a warm light filled the room.

Ana, Bea and Cassie looked at each other then cries of joy filled the ruins

«You didn’t have to do that for us!» cried Ana

«How can we thank you? This is too much!» echoed Bea

«I LOVE YOU BIG SISTER ELF!» shouted Cassie.

Malina cleared her throat

«Ahem. Could someone please tell us mortals WHAT IN OBLIVION WAS THAT?»

Cassie glomped the goblin’s cheek, laughing like crazy

«IT MEANS WE CAN STAY! WE CAN COME WITH YOU!»

Haylindel giggled

«Let me explain. You see, with the Mistress dead, her spell would have started to fade away. ALL of her spells.»

Malina gasped

«You mean…»

«Sadly, yes, if I hadn’t performed this spell quickly, the magic keeping these three alive would have disappeared. I…didn’t have time to explain…or to think this trough…so…congratulations Malina, you are the proud owner of three water sprites now…well…you can consider them assistants. The spell I used was more powerful and…took quite the toll on me.» she gestured at her belly, so inflated that looked like she was about to give birth to an elephant. «However, I bound them to this realm using you as an anchor.»

Ja'Lana looked at Bea, confused

«Could someone translate for the non mages?»

«It means that now we can stay even if something happens to you girls…not that we would want that! We will make sure to protect you!»

«That’s…all so nice to hear but…» Haylindel started to visibly cross her legs as the swirly sigil disappeared from both her and Ja'Lana’s bellies «I think that ALL of us need to take care of something rather…URGENT.»

Cassie blushed

«Oh…right, the lavatory is over th…» she couldn’t finish her sentence as Haylindel just let loose on the floor, crossing her eyes in pleasure as if she had never peed in her entire life.

Shortly after a deep hissing noise could be heard from behind a barrel followed by a high pitched «AAAAAAH!».

Ja'Lana was the only one left standing, biting her lip at the sight of the two girls relieving themselves. Her eyes twitched towards her goblin friend

«M…Malinaaaa? Aren’t you FORGETTING SOMETHING?»

A giggle could be heard from behind the barrel followed by

«Unseal»

The Khajiit rushed for the door Cassie was pointing at but, before she could take a single step she heard the dreaded

«Reeeelease!» coming from behind the barrel.

She cursed under her breath as her bladder emptied herself in the middle of the room.

«You know she will make you pay for it, right?» muttered the angry cat cleaning herself with a piece of cloth.

«Mh-hm» Malina nodded smugly

«You also know that now she has more friends to help her doing that, right?»

«Mh-hm…hhhmmm» Malina closed her eyes as she splashed some cool water on her genitals

«You are looking forward to it, aren’t you?»

«Fuck yes I’m looking forward to it.»

Ja'Lana hugged her from behind

«Don’t you ever make her worry like this again.»

Malina kissed her cheek

«I won’t.»

They found some clean clothes for everyone then finally went to sleep in one of the empty rooms.

The next morning they were woken up by their three new friends bringing in breakfast, after that Haylindel used the materials in the laboratory to begin her preparations.

«How long will it take to get rid of that curse?» Malina approached her chewing on a piece of meat

«I…» Haylindel’s eyes glowed again, her hands tracing symbols and runes on her belly.

A bright flash engulfed the room and almost blinded the goblin

«…I think I’m done. Well…done-ish. That fucking whore was lying, the curse can’t be lifted. Not completely at least.»

Malina’s ears drooped down

«You mean that after all this…you still can’t hear the “p word” without wetting yourself?»

Haylindel sighed

«Afraid so. However, I managed to unbind my magika from my bladder so, even if I piss myself…» the sound of liquid hitting the stone filled the room «I…should be fine…» she paused as a rush of pleasure pervaded her «not good…I’m afraid I’m starting to like this… I’m turning into a freak…but still, at least now I can fight without worrying about my bladder again.»

She looked at Malina and Ja'Lana that had now entered the room

«I must thank you girls, you provided all the services I paid for and more. So, as thanks, you can come and crash here whenever you like. Just the two of you tho, got it?»

Ja'Lana finished munching on a fish

«You are staying here? This one thought you would go back to Winterhold, aren’t all your friends still there?»

The elf laughed hard

«Sis’, fuck Winterhold and fuck my “friends”! You two have been more friendly to me in a week than those assholes have been in years. I’ll make myself at home, there are a lot of books and tomes here, maybe in a few months I’ll be able to completely nullify the effects of that ritual. In the meantime…» she hugged both of them «I’ll make a special room for you two for whenever you want “privacy”. I can imagine you can’t get a lot of that at your sanctuary.»

Both of them awkwardly laughed

«Oh we are not…this one...she isn’t even sure she…you know…»

«Right, Ja'Lana is still a bit confused about all this…»

Haylindel raised an eyebrow

«Really? Oh…well I’m sorry…i just thought…that you…you know…were on the other side…with your name and everything…if that’s not the case may I ask why you are using a male name?»

Ja'Lana spat out the wine she was drinking

«A WHAT?!»

Haylindel was even more confused now

«Your name “Ja'Lana” has the prefix “Ja” and that is used by young-adult…Khajiit boys…I never said anything because I thought… the fact that you kept using “she” was confusing tho…»

Ja'Lana fell on a chair, shocked.

«All this time…she had…a male name? She must have looked so stupid! That’s why all those who hired her…they all looked at her in that weird way…»

Malina approached her and put her hand on her shoulder

«Lana…i don’t understand, didn’t your parents tell you about…names?»

Ja'Lana ears dropped

«She…never met them. She was but a kitten when her caravan was…she only had this wooden amulet they left to her…and it only said “Lana”. When she heard other khajiit being named they always had a prefix so…so she picked one that she felt was cool…»

Malina hugged her tightly

«Well, I don’t care about your name. Your name doesn’t define you! You aren’t a boy, you are a woman! A big strong kitty woman!»

Ja'Lana couldn’t help but giggle and hugged Malina back

«Yes, she is a strong kitten. She is the STRONGEST PUSSY AROUND!»

The goblin laughed and suddenly felt tiny slimy hands on her hair.

Ana, Bea and Cassie snuck behind them and joined their hug, quickly followed by Haylindel

«Oh yeah.» commented Malina

«Group hug. Happy ending.»

They stayed like this for a few minutes, then Haylindel broke the silence

«So…about that room…should we?»

Malina and Ja'Lana answered in unison

«Fuck yes.»

They didn’t get much sleep in the following days, then they finally went back to report to Astrid.

Little did they know, however, that their peace would soon be disrupted

To be continued in:

Ja'Lana and the vigilant of Stendarr

*002*2021-02-03 21:40

{{15 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story I can’t wait until the next chapter

}}

Not gonna lie, i'm a bit spent for the moment. i do have the general idea of what the next part should be about but i lack the details so i'll take some days off. but don't worry, it shouldn't take a year to complete XD

{{17 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story I can’t wait until the next chapter

}}

On a side note, do you have any idea why THIS story has that grayish highlight? i don't recall changing any setting and yet i can't seem to remove this highlight

*004*2021-02-04 10:43

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Take your time on writing the next part I am patient

I wanted to try and draw my characters, any suggestions on how to start? XD

}}
