What a show!

Author: Sluttisen

*000*2017-11-09 20:03

Alexandra didn’t want the show to end, but at the same time she tried hard to guess if this was the last song or not. For the last half hour or so, she had been going back and forth between failing to contain the immense pressure pounding in her bladder and with will and power clenching herself shut for just a little longer. But she just couldn’t discretely fall back from the fence, into the (very) relative privacy of the jumping crowd, discretely disappear down, pull her skirt up, her knickers down, and just release enough to endure to the end of the show. Not when HE was watching. However, if this wasn’t the last song, she had begun to realize that there would be no other option for her. But it was. Now Alexandra knew she would just have to wait until the crowd had convinced the band to play one extra song. Just one more song!

“I can do this!”

She wasn’t convinced.

But the minutes went on, and no sign of the band coming back. Why! Why this time, out of all times! Normally, they were extremely predictable. With a mixed feeling of helplessness, deep disappointment and almost anger she found it harder and harder to motivate herself to stem the flow when it managed to push itself through. She was, somewhat discreetly, holding herself, with both hands, but quite unexpectedly she felt a warm stream down her thigh, making its way all the way down to the right one of her newly bought shoes. Then everything happened very quickly. Fuck him, she thought. He has failed me. If he sees me pee, then that will be his punishment.

At the same time as she was thinking this, she roughly made her way through the crowd, leaving little shoe-shaped, steaming puddles behind her as she went. Mere seconds later she put her plan at work, among the ignorant crowd, but then he reentered the stage and all was forgiven. With tears mixed of joy and denied relief, she used the power of love to postpone what she so desperately longed for. It was like the agony heightened her senses, and she was able to enjoy the music, the mood and his presence more than ever before.

With a superhuman effort, she managed to last the last song without any further accidents. Then she forced her way through the crowd calling for more. But she knew, there would be no more, there never was more than one extra song. The stairs down didn’t look like she remembered them, but being lost wasn’t a problem. If she found a desolated dead end instead of a bathroom, it could as well be used as a bathroom. She couldn’t afford to be picky.

She found herself in something that looked like a maintenance corridor. At second thought, it seemed very unlikely that any of the less distracted concert visitors would come this way, at least not anytime soon. And if they did, they would just get one show more than they had asked for. In one move she pulled down her panties, her skirt up and leaned with her back against the wall, and just like the last time he turned up out of nowhere. It was like a bad joke. She just had time to think “If I knew this would happen every time I wet myself in public, I would drink a lot more water before going out” before he screamed “Run!”

The panic in his eyes left no time for questions. A split second later she found herself running with him. Her bladder felt like it was wobbling around, independently of the rest of her body, like trying to balance an overfilled water balloon on a plate, or a clumsy river boat that had been dragged out onto the gigantic waves of a stormy ocean. She couldn’t believe that she was running for her life together with him!

“In here!”, he whispered.

The door was held open by a small piece of wood that he immediately pulled out and closed the door, swiftly but smoothly behind them. The small room was dark and smelled of different cleaning products. In the faint light she intuitively identified several objects that could possibly handle the copious amounts of liquid she felt able to emit, but peeing would simply have to wait. And he just stood there, holding the handle tight, and with his ear against the door.

“So John, who are we running from” she said in her best sensual, casual, grown-up-who-can-socialize-even-if-her-bladder-is-full-voice, ignoring his somewhat overdriven jump of fear over the sudden sound. Quite unexpectedly, the voice on the outside answered: “I thought you went in there, John. An you got a girl with you. How typical.”

“Leave her out of this, it is between you and me!”

“How right you are. Now come out, and let’s settle this, man to man. Two guns, two bullets, one for you, one for me.”

“Never!”

Suddenly the door handle started to rumble, but John managed to keep it closed, in other ways then Alexandra. “Don’t stand in front of the door” she screamed at him. “Don’t worry”, he answered in a sarcastic tone. “He won’t shoot unless he is absolutely sure to hit me”.

“You are quite right”, answered the voice outside. “I want to look into your eyes when you die!”.

Suddenly the struggle ended and was replaced by the sound of something being dragged across the floor. Then the handle went up, and stayed there. They were trapped. “I leave you here for now”, the voice said. “See you later John!”

Alexandra reached for her phone to call the police, but the building blocked all signals. There was no chance that they could make themselves heard all the way to the people outside. Never in Alexandra’s life had she been so desperate to pee, and never in the history of time had anyone been so determined to hold it. Nothing, nothing, nothing would disturb this romantic adventure, and she wanted them to be there alone together for a long time.

