Classic Desperation

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2019-10-09 00:32

This story is for stephiekitty20, who posted this idea on the topic thread Favorite Character Omorashi, By Emizzle94.

Little Classic Sonic looked around the bright green park, admiring all of the friends his future modern self was able to make as they all celebrated Modern Sonic's birthday.

After defeating both Dr. Eggman and Dr. Robotnik and their time traveling monster, there was a definite need to celebrate… and a definite need for a bathroom.

Classic actually had to go for awhile before he and Modern even started their battle with the two evil geniuses, but he knew it had to wait until the battle was won. And when he went super with his modern self, he completely forgot about his little bladder, not even feeling the slightest twinge.

Now that the battle was won, everything was back to normal, and the birthday party commenced, Classic's need decided to make itself known once more, and he knew that with his small bladder, he wouldn't be able to hold it for long.

"Hey Sonic!" Modern called out to his younger self. "How about you and I have a quick race before you leave?"

Well… maybe he could hold it for just a little longer.

After all, he was Sonic the Hedgehog. He didn't turn down a race for any reason.

Classic went up to Modern and held a thumbs up, signaling that he was agreeing to this race.

"Alright!" Modern shouted excitedly. "First one across Green Hill and back here is the winner."

Classic nodded and looked in the general route they would have to go. Has he did so, he immediately regretted his decision.

Green Hill was really far away from where they were now, and they had to run ACROSS it and back to the party? Classic's little bladder throbbed at the thought. But, he was stubborn and refused to show any weakness. He nodded to Modern again.

"Alright little buddy." Modern smiled as he drew a line in the dirt with his foot and stood behind it. Classic automatically got behind the line as well, and they both crouched down to a runners position. Modern Tails decided to count down for them.

"In 3… 2… 1… GO!"

Like a rocket, both Classic and Modern Sonic took off, running as fast as they could across the terrain towards Green Hill.

Classic Sonic's bladder ached over how fast he was running, the pressure of the wind pushing on his bladder, but he ignored it, pushing his need to the back of his mind.

The two managed to reach Green Hill and began running through it, avoiding the obstacles and running through the loops. Classic felt more and more discomfort in his lower body as he started to slow down and his small bladder started to slightly bulge against his stomach, showing how much he had to go now.

Curse his tiny bladder.

When he and Modern reached the end of Green Hill, Modern decided to slow down and wait for him.

"Woah, what was that, little buddy?" He asked Classic as he finally caught up, panting a bit. "You slowed down there for a minute. Is everything alright?"

Classic's bladder gave a sharp stab, making him double over in pain as he shook his head, holding his stomach and keeping his thighs tightly squeezed together.

"What's the matter, buddy?" Modern asked in concern as he stepped up to his younger self, placing a gentle hand on his shoulder.

Tears filled Classic's eyes as he looked up at Modern, slightly dancing in place. He had no voice. He couldn't speak and tell him that he was having an emergency. He tried to stand up straight to point at his bulging bladder, but standing up straight brought more pain which caused him to double over once more.

Modern tried to think about what was wrong, running different scenarios through his head about his past to see if he could even get a clue. He gasped as he suddenly finally had it.

"Sonic… do you have to pee?" Modern asked him.

Classic released a small silent sob as he looked up at Modern and nodded his head. He gasped as he felt himself starting to leak, dribbles of urine running down his leg and dripping onto the ground. He couldn't hold it for much longer.

Modern gave a soft smile and knelt down in front of Classic, placing both hands on his shoulders. He looked directly into Classic's tearfilled eyes.

"It's ok Sonic." He said. "I know holding it must be utter torture for you right now. It's just us two up here now, and we are the same person. … You can have an accident if you can't hold it."

Classic's legs began to shake. He couldn't hold it for much longer even if he wanted to. He hung his head and silently cried as his bladder suddenly exploded, urine running down his legs and pooling at his feet, rushing like a wave.

Modern Sonic smiled and pulled Classic into a hug as the little guy peed himself, gently petting his quills. "Shhh. It's alright. It's alright. Just let it all out, Sonic."

Classic cried into Modern's shoulder as his pee continued to rush down his legs, no sign showing it was stopping anytime soon.

Finally, after about a minute, the wave of pee slowed down to a stream, then a trickle, and then finally stopped all together. Classic's bladder bulge had went down, showing that there was nothing left.

Classic's legs shook as he continued to cry, spread apart like how small children often do to keep the skin from chafing together after an accident. Modern continued to hold onto his younger weeping self, not even caring about the puddle reaching his knees and getting them soaked.

After about a minute or two, Classic finally calmed down and bit and pulled away from the hug, staring into Modern's kind and gentle eyes.

"Feel better?"

Classic looked away with a sheepish blush and slightly nodded. He did feel a lot better actually, both in body and mind.

"Then let's get you cleaned up." Modern suggested, standing up and holding his hand out to the younger hedgehog. "There's a small pond nearby that's easy to jump out of. We can get you cleaned up in there, and then head back to our friends. And don't be too upset, little buddy. Accidents happen."

Classic nodded and gingerly took Sonic's hand into his own, allowing the older hedgehog to lead him to the pond.

He was incredibly grateful for Modern Sonic's kindness, and he sincerely hoped that he'd be able to live up to it in the future.

*002*2019-10-09 02:07

{{1 hour ago, stephiekitty20 said:

Omg! that was awesome. sonic helping his little self? that's so cute! thank you so much i love this.

}}

You're welcome!

