Guard

Author: secretomoact

*005*2021-05-25 18:31

This one has a scene depicting child abuse, skip down the asterisk if you don't want to read that.

Kenneth couldn’t wait any longer. He was squirming and holding himself and doing everything he could to keep his pee from coming out, but he was losing the fight and fast. He stared up at his Father, who just shook his head. “I don’t know what you’re looking at me for,” Father said dismissively. “What do you want?”

Kenneth trembled from more than just desperation. Was Father giving him permission to speak? Sometimes, Father did this, he’d ask Kenneth a question, but Kenneth was only allowed to say things if Father had said “Speak.” first, so if Kenneth answered, he’d get hit for talking out-of-turn. But, sometimes Father really did want him to answer, in which case if he didn’t he’d get hit for ignoring him. Kenneth never knew which was expected of him, but he always seemed to choose the wrong thing.

A few seconds passed and Kenneth received a slap in the face; “Answer me when I am talking to you,” Father commanded. “What do you want?”

“May I please use the toilet, Sir?” Kenneth asked.

“No,” Father said. “I have brought you there already today, and you didn’t go.”

Kenneth hadn’t been able to go because Father had been pulling on his hair from behind and screaming at him, but he knew better than to say that. After Kenneth had failed to use the toilet earlier, Father had beaten him so badly that one of his legs was badly swollen. He didn’t want to provoke another attack like that.

“Go somewhere else, and stop fucking staring at me,” Father ordered.

Kenneth did, he took tiny, pained steps into a different room. He crouched in the corner and tried to hold it in. He knew he wouldn’t be able to much longer, though. He hadn’t gone since this morning, before Father was awake, and he needed to go so, so badly now! It hurt so much it was making him start to cry.

Sometimes, Father refused to let Kenneth have any water for long stretches of time. This was miserable; He’d get so thirsty and delirious and sick, he’d feel like he was going to die. But, other times, Father did the opposite. He would make Kenneth drink way more water than anyone could possibly need, and then hold it in until he couldn’t anymore. This was what was being done today.

Kenneth just kept holding it and holding it, watching as the sky turned dark outside the window. That was good. Father would go to sleep soon and Kenneth could sneak to the toilet and go. That was what Kenneth normally had to do; Father would either forbid him from using the toilet altogether, or make it so uncomfortable for him that he couldn’t manage to go, so Kenneth would only be able to relieve himself early in the morning and after dark when Father was asleep. But, often that was too long to wait and he'd wet himself and be punished.

Kenneth listened out as he writhed and squirmed on the floor, listening to Father’s bedroom door shutting and his soft steps as he went to his bed. Then, there was silence. Kenneth made himself wait just a few minutes more, then struggled to get to the restroom. He couldn’t stand up. He was more or less just crawling along the floor as he tried not to have an accident that he knew would get him beaten up again.

He reached the door to the restroom at last, but when he reached to open it, he discovered Father had placed a padlock onto it that could only be opened with a key. Kenneth cried more then, not just from the pain in his abdomen, or from the knowledge that he was going to wet himself and be punished, but just from the sheer cruelty of it all. What had he done to displease his Father so much? So much that he was subject to these sick, unwinnable games?

He just sat on his bunched up knees and cried. His leg hurt from the beating earlier. His bladder hurt from all the urine it was forced to contain. His heart hurt because he knew he was trapped here with a man that wished nothing more than to hurt him for reasons he could not figure out. He wished he knew why. If he knew why, he could make it better. He could make it so Father wouldn’t want to hurt him anymore, if he just knew what he’d done that was so wrong. If he just knew, he could be better and Father would love him.

***

Kenneth woke to find himself staring at the ceiling of the medical building. His heart was pounding and there was dampness in the corners of his eyes. It took him a second to remember himself. That had been a dream, just a dream. But, not really. It had been a memory, and it had been as crisp and clear to him as it had been the day it happened.

The pain in his leg had followed him out of the dream, but he remembered now that it came from a different injury. Another thing had followed him as well; he really had to pee. He knew he still couldn’t get up out of bed, it hadn’t even been a full day of recovery yet. He was going to need to use one of those urine bottles again, which he hoped would be slightly less off-putting the second time around.

But, first he actually needed access to one. Dwight or Elizabeth really should have put one next to the bed in case he woke in the middle of the night needing it, like he had now. But, even if they had, he knew he’d need help getting his body into the right position again. He cringed. It was so utterly humiliating to admit to needing help with anything, but especially to admit to needing help peeing.

He looked to his side, Dwight had promised to stay with him all night in case he needed something, and he had kept the promise. He’d fallen asleep in his chair. Kenneth realized he’d have to wake him up. “Dwight…” Kenneth called out, whispering. He wasn’t sure why he was staying so quiet, the only other person here was the one he was intending to wake up. “Dwight!” He repeated, a little louder.

Dwight’s eyes peeled open slowly. He woke up quite a bit more when he remembered what was happening. “Kenneth?” He asked. “Are you okay? Is the pain getting to you? Do you need more medici—“

“N—No,” Kenneth stammered. “That’s not it… I just…” He shifted as best he could given his circumstances, gripping one hand over one of his knees as he chewed on the knuckles of the other. “I need… Another… One of those bottle-thingies…”

“Oh,” Dwight said. “Not a problem.” He was relieved it wasn’t something more serious. He stood from his seat and began searching the drawers that housed the supplies. He found various medicines, several types of bandages, and other items meant to help mend injuries faster… But, no urine bottles. He opened one drawer and found it empty. He had a suspicion that it was the one the bottles were stored in, but the one Kenneth had filled earlier had been the last one. Just to be sure, Dwight checked the remaining drawers, but it looked like he’d been right. There weren’t any more urine bottles here. He told Kenneth the bad news and noticed a flash of panic pass over his friend’s face for a second; but only for a second.

“Elizabeth will definitely be checking in on you in the morning again. She probably has access to more since she’s got the key to the storage facilities,” Dwight promised. He didn’t really want to ask his next question. Kenneth was so prideful, Dwight couldn’t be certain he’d get an honest answer out of him. “Can you hold off until then?”

“Of course I can!” Kenneth insisted, just as Dwight knew he would. He tried to search his friend’s face for traces of doubt, for a sign that he wasn’t as confident as he was trying to appear, but found nothing. Hopefully, that wasn’t just Kenneth’s pride talking, and he really could wait until morning without issue.

“Okay, that’s good,” Dwight said. “Try to get some more rest, you need it.”

But, Kenneth had trouble getting more rest. Part of it was just not wanting to have another of those nightmares. Part of it was just that he had to go really, really bad. He’d told Dwight he could make it to morning, but he didn’t know for sure. He was so tired, and his bladder muscles were worn out after holding so much earlier in the day. He wanted to cross his legs, and almost did it on instinct. When he began to move the injured one a white hot bolt of pain shot through it. The jolt succeeded in both making him lose a spurt of urine, and in making him gasp from the pain and the shock.

Dwight startled, “Are you okay?”

“Fffine,” Kenneth choked out. He pressed his thighs together to stem the flow from his bladder, and focused on keeping his hurt leg very, very still. “Just… Moved wrong is all.”

“Be careful,” Dwight said.

Kenneth kept all his focus on holding it, and on making sure he didn’t accidentally try to cross his legs again. His hands tucked themselves between his thighs, and that helped a little, but not being able to twist his legs and really squirm was making it extra hard to hold it. He started to worry that he’d have an accident. The last time he’d had an accident, he’d been out standing guard for stupid Bryce all day again and even when he got a break from it, there hadn’t been anywhere private enough for him to actually go. Then, when he got back to his barrack, to the nice, secluded toilet he could manage to make himself use, the belt and buttons of his uniform proved to be too much. He’d soaked himself completely right there in front of the toilet.

This memory made him blush, and it also made him remember how good letting go had felt. As humiliating and gross the feeling of drenching his uniform had been, it had at least ended with him having an empty bladder. Following his thoughts, a burst of liquid forced its way down his shaft and burst through his trembling pee-hole. He squeezed himself even tighter in a panic. He could not have an accident. He just couldn’t. Not with Dwight here, and… Someone would have to help him out of the bed if he had an accident. Someone would have to change the soaked bedding.

Someone would have to help Kenneth change his clothes if he peed in them.

He knew that if he stayed here much longer, he’d likely need a bit of help bathing himself. But, while he knew it would be uncomfortable, the image of Dwight helping him disrobe and just wash himself off a bit wasn’t nearly as mortifying as the image of him stripping off clothing that had been drenched in his pee after he hadn’t been able to hold it. That image was absolutely horrifying. And, it was also very real. Way too real.

The next spurt of pee that shoved its way through his anxious grip made it seem even more real. He tugged his belt apart to give his bladder more space to expand. But, the relief from that lasted only an instant. So, he tore at his buttons and zip, plunging his hands into his pants to grip himself at the base of his cock with one hand, while trying to pinch his opening shut with the other. He was gonna explode.

He cringed as he prepared to speak. Admitting that he couldn’t hold it much longer was going to be embarrassing, but not nearly as embarrassing as actually not being able to hold it would be. “D—Dwight?” Kenneth called again.

His friend had fallen back asleep.

“Dwight!” Kenneth said, loud and panicked.

Dwight startled awake. “Wha—Yes?”

“Is there…” Kenneth swallowed back a moan as he felt more liquid trickle out of him. “Is there anything else I can use?”

“Use?” Dwight repeated blearily. “For wh—“

“To… To, um… To… You know… Instead of the… bottle…”

Dwight realized that Kenneth’s need must have reached a pretty fevered pitch. Kenneth did not admit to not being able to do things, so if he was admitting to not being able to wait until morning… Well, he really, really, really couldn’t wait until morning.

But, Dwight didn’t know what to do! The only bottles in any of the drawers had medicine in them, and Dwight was pretty sure he’d get into a whole heap of shit if he dumped out a bunch of medicine so that Kenneth could piss into the empty containers. He wished he could just take Kenneth outside and have him take a leak on the ground somewhere, but Kenneth couldn’t stand, much less walk. There was a window beside Kenneth’s bed, but Kenneth would have to at least get onto his knees in bed to pee out of it, and that wasn’t an option with his leg.

Kenneth was staring at him with big, wide, pleading eyes. Dwight felt awful. Kenneth needed his help so bad, and he couldn’t think of anything to do for him to make it better! There was nothing in here that—

Dwight stopped panicking. He’d been focusing only on what was in his immediate surroundings because he knew Kenneth was trapped in here. But, Dwight wasn’t. Dwight could stand and walk around. Sure, he couldn’t take Kenneth outside for a pee, but maybe he could find something outside that Kenneth could use.

“Wait here,” Dwight said. “I’ll go try to find you something.”

Kenneth glowered at Dwight, “‘Wait here’,” he repeated. “Like I have a choice.”

Dwight knew Kenneth wasn’t annoyed with him, just with the situation, so he just patted his friend’s shoulder and promised he’d be back as soon as he could— Hopefully with something that would help.

Dwight dashed outside and glanced around. The medical building was surrounded by foliage, bushes and trees that would have made excellent urinals if Kenneth could actually get to them. But, he couldn’t, so they were worthless. There had to be something around here. He felt nearly as desperate now as Kenneth must have. He knew he didn’t have much time. If his friend had an accident it would completely devastate him. He started walking in a random direction. It was hard to find something when you weren’t entirely sure what you were looking for. He just needed something, anything that could hold a lot of liquid.

He found it.

Outside the barracks, there were small oak barrels that were used for storage, but many of them tended to remain empty. He ran over to these and picked up one of the smallest ones that he knew would be easiest to carry. Even if it was the smallest size, he knew it would be enough; It was five gallons. If Kenneth could overflow that, then he was a contender for the eighth wonder of the world.

Dwight carried it back to the medical building as quickly as he could, then set it down beside Kenneth’s bed. Kenneth was in a bad state, his hands were beneath the sheets, but Dwight knew they were probably glued between his legs, and his face was the picture of agony. “Okay,” Dwight said. “I’ve found you something. It’s gonna be okay. Let me help you up.”

Kenneth barely reacted to having his body manipulated this time. Dwight knew he was embarrassed about needing this help, but must have been in such a severe state of need his modesty and sense of pride was taking a backseat to the all-consuming urge to just go. Dwight was surprised when he saw Kenneth had already taken his clothing apart, and that his dick was already out. He tried not to look there, feeling his face heat up. He tried not to think of how, when it wasn’t dripping and leaking and being clutched onto for dear life, Kenneth had a pretty nice looking dick…

Dwight had to help Kenneth part his legs a bit more than before so the barrel could be placed between them. By the time Kenneth was in the right position, he was sitting over the edge of the bed with his legs splayed apart, and the barrel in the center. “Okay!” Dwight said at last, he sat down beside Kenneth and rubbed his arm as before to help him relax. “Now, I know this is difficult for you, but remember, it’s just us here, and I’m not g—“

Before Dwight could even really begin his speech intended to soothe his friend’s shy bladder, piss was spattering into the barrel full force. Dwight had never seen Kenneth start peeing that fast before. It usually took him at least a minute to soothe himself and let it flow, even if none of his usual shyness triggers were around to give him anxiety. Often, when Kenneth got frozen up in an unfamiliar or stressful situation, Dwight would have to rub his arm and say calming things to him for several minutes before anything came out. He must have seriously needed it this time…

Nevertheless, Dwight kept rubbing his arm to encourage him. “Heh, I… Guess you didn’t need as much help relaxing as you normally do…”

“It’s… just you…” Kenneth murmured with a sigh. “Ahhh… I trust you…”

Dwight felt weirdly honored that Kenneth trusted him so much he could empty his bladder so easily in his presence. He continued massaging Kenneth’s arm. It felt a little awkward, the two of them going silent, the only sound in the room being Kenneth’s pee splashing against itself in the bottom of the barrel. Dwight didn’t know if talking to him would make it more awkward or less awkward. He didn’t really know what to say, anyway.

After a few more seconds of gushing, Kenneth did speak though. “Um… Thank you,” he said, a little quietly through his embarrassment. He rested his head against Dwight and let his eyes go shut. He felt so much better, and he knew he’d be overcome with humiliation once the feelings of relief faded, but for now he just wanted to enjoy it. “Thank you…” he repeated as a full-body shudder tore through him, his stream at last winding down. He shook off a few times and started to put his clothes back together.

Dwight helped him lay back down again and put his leg up. He put the barrel into one corner of the room, in case Kenneth needed it again. Kenneth’s head popped back up from the pillow a second later, “Er… Don’t tell anyone about… What transpired tonight. Okay?”

“Eheh, don’t worry. I won’t,” Dwight promised.

*006*2021-05-28 03:51

One of my first times writing something in third person where two people are getting super desperate at once. Hope I divide attention between them okay.

***

Unlike Kenneth, Dwight could basically pee wherever he wanted, whenever he wanted. As a child, before he understood anything about ‘social codes’ and he and Kenneth had gone to play in the woods together, often he’d just pull down his pants and start peeing wherever he was, right in front of Kenneth. He rarely even gave any warning that he was about to do that, causing Kenneth to spin around sharply on his heels with a furious blush on his face.

Dwight didn’t do anything quite that extreme anymore, but he wasn’t picky about where he took a leak at all. If he had to go, he’d go the instant an option presented itself. While this meant he didn’t get desperate as often as his pee-shy best friend did, it also meant he didn’t often hold it for very long. So, when there was no option and he just had to hold it, it wasn’t very easy for him to do.

He honestly couldn’t stand the feeling of needing to pee, the tingling in his midsection would quickly become impossible to ignore and overtake everything else. He didn’t know how Kenneth lasted sunrise to sunset without a pee break so many days. He understood it was to do with his shyness, that he just didn’t have a choice in the matter a lot of the time, but it must have been miserable. Dwight was pretty sure if he had to restrain himself for that long all the time he’d go insane.

When he was ordered to stand guard somewhere, he’d need to pee several times before he could leave. But, for him it wasn’t too big an issue to simply turn around for a moment and let it out. When he didn’t have any option for relief whatsoever, that was when he had a problem.

And, right now, he didn’t have any options, and he’d already been holding it for much longer than he usually would.

They were taking a very long ride on a train, him Kenneth, and Bryce. And, the train had no toilet facilities. Dwight wasn’t averse to ‘improvising’ in a pinch, it wasn’t a big deal to him if he had to fill a bottle or other container to get the relief he needed. But, even if he had such a container, Bryce was here; His commander was here.

It didn’t matter that they weren’t on-duty at the moment, they were still in-uniform, and Bryce would be furious if Dwight took a leak into a bottle in the middle of a train while he was supposed to be ‘representing’ them properly. If Dwight did that, he knew Bryce would discipline him somehow, probably with a strenuous exercise or some other form of misery

Dwight was angry at himself for not going before they’d left like Kenneth had done; Dwight supposed that was one good thing about having a shy bladder, Kenneth never ever forgot to pee before going somewhere.

But, Dwight forgot to pee before leaving a place all the time. He just didn’t think about going ‘just in case’, like Kenneth had to. If he didn’t feel a need to go, it wouldn’t cross his mind at all.

Dwight looked out the window, but the outside was barren and gave no clue as to how much longer the journey was gonna be. That was the worst part; If he knew he’d have somewhere to go in twenty minutes, then he’d know he could hold it. But, what if he had to stay here and wait for another hour? What if he had to stay here and wait for another two?

He crossed his legs at the ankles and tried to think about something else. He hoped Bryce, sitting in the seat across from him and Kenneth, didn’t notice that his legs were crossed. Bryce insisted that those below him had to present themselves in an adequately dignified way whenever their uniforms were on. But, it was just really, really hard to look dignified when you badly needed to pee.

Dwight didn’t want Kenneth to notice how desperate he was getting, either. Like Bryce, Kenneth cared a lot about ‘appearances’, and the last thing Dwight wanted was for Kenneth to find him shameful or embarrassing for something outside of his control. So, Dwight just sat there, hoping no one could figure out why he was crossing his legs so tightly, and tried to hold on. At one point he brought one foot over the other and it began to shake.

Bryce did notice then. He peered over his newspaper; “Smith, please sit properly, would you? Keep your feet on the floor where they belong.”

“O—Okay…” Dwight cringed as he tried to obey the command. His fingers dug into the edge of his seat. “How much longer?”

Bryce exhaled; “Are you a child? We’ll get there when we get there. Be patient.”

“S—Sorry,” Dwight replied meekly.

Kenneth smiled at his friend. He was getting awful tired of sitting in one place, too. He too wanted to move around and was feeling restless. He didn’t like to stay still, he was pretty much always moving in some way. If he didn’t, he felt so pent-up and jittery that it was like his skin was crawling and filled with pins and needles.

Dwight was normally far less restless, though. But, there he was, squeezing the edge of his seat, pulling his feet backward beneath it before kicking them out in front of him, twisting and turning every few seconds.

It was okay for them to get up and walk around a little. Kenneth was dying to move, and obviously Dwight was too. “Bryce,” Kenneth said. “Dwight and I are going to go look around for a few minutes, okay?” he asked.

“Just so long as you return before we arrive at our stop,” Bryce said.

Kenneth eagerly shot to his feet, and Dwight did the same. But, he did so much slower, wincing as he tried to pull himself to his full-height. His feet must have fallen asleep, Kenneth decided.

They walked around the train for a little bit. Dwight was hopeful that he’d been incorrect about the lack of toilet facilities onboard. Maybe there was something he could use after all, but he didn’t see any sign of one. He’d held it long enough now that he was getting annoyed. The feeling of heaviness beneath his buttons and fly was getting downright exhausting. “Kenneth, have you seen any restrooms here?”

“No,” Kenneth said. “But, I wasn’t really looking.”

“It’s just… I have to use one pretty badly right now,” Dwight said.

“Dwight, there are people present,” Kenneth scolded. “Don’t talk about such—“

“Kenneth, it’s urgent,” Dwight interrupted, shimmying his feet in place.

“I told you to go before we left,” Kenneth said.

“No, you didn’t,” Dwight corrected. “You told me to make sure I packed your favorite blanket before we left. Then after I did that, you told me to hurry so we wouldn’t be late and Bryce wouldn’t yell at us again.”

“Oh,” Kenneth said. “Guess I didn’t tell you to pee, then… But, you still should have gone. You shouldn’t need me to remind you.”

“Well, sorry I forget things sometimes!”

Kenneth winced at Dwight’s sudden outburst. That was the sort of thing he would never, ever do. He almost never snapped at anyone, especially not at Kenneth.

“S—Sorry,” Dwight said. He wouldn’t normally be so volatile, but a burning urge to urinate could do that to a person. “I didn’t mean to sound angry. I just… Have to go so bad.”

Kenneth sighed, “It’s okay… Try to hold on, though. We should be there soon, and hopefully then it will be easy enough to find you a restroom.”

Dwight slowly nodded and he and Kenneth returned to their seats. Dwight was glad Kenneth knew what was wrong and cared about him, but Dwight didn’t have much faith in himself to keep waiting. He just wasn’t used to holding it for so long. It had been hours and hours since his last pee, and his belt was so tight around his midsection that he felt like he was going to split in two.

Another half hour passed, and Dwight was both terrified and miserable. The last time he’d needed to empty his bladder this badly, it had been when he’d been in the tent with Kenneth and his friend had refused to wake up and let go of him. He remembered how that had nearly ended in a total accident, and how drenched he’d managed to get his boxers before at last being able to gush it out.

At least that time, it had been at night. Kenneth had been the only one to see the evidence of how he hadn’t totally made it. By the time morning came, his boxers had dried off and when he put the rest of his clothes on, no one could tell anything had happened.

If that happened again here, he’d flood all of his clothing with what felt like gallons and gallons of liquid, and it would be very visible to everyone around him. And, jeez, he couldn’t imagine the Hell Bryce would rain down upon him if he had an accident while in uniform with people around to witness it. No, Dwight would do whatever it took not to pee his uniform.

But, he didn’t know if he even had what it took. He was already dribbling. The trickles that managed to shove their way past his muscles would have been okay on their own, but he couldn’t make them stop coming and he knew it wouldn’t take long for them to build up. Soon enough, it would be enough to leave a visible wet spot.

When the next spasm tore through him, he pressed his hands against himself, gripping tight. His face burned, but the pressure of his hands was actually managing to cut off his dribbling. He could make it a while longer if he kept them where they were.

Bryce noticed, though. “Smith, that is entirely indecent. For the love of God, do not touch those areas of your person in public. Behave like a civilized human being, would you?”

Dwight couldn’t move his hands though, not even after being ordered to. “Are we almost there?” he asked.

Bryce sighed, “I gather you are needing to relieve yourself? Is that what all the fuss is about? Show some restraint. You will wait to handle your needs until it is more convenient.”

“I can’t, I’m about to—“

“If you soil yourself,” Bryce began. “The consequences will be dire, I promise you. Now, move your hands and at least pretend to have some sense of dignity.”

Dwight whimpered as he let go of himself, he stuck his hands beneath his thighs to try and keep them from going back to his groin on instinct alone.

“Bryce,” Kenneth began. “I don’t suppose there are any facilities onboard, are there?”

“No, Paulson. There are not,” Bryce said. “Smith will just have to contain himself like a big boy until we arrive.”

Kenneth had seen Dwight desperate lots of times, but never when he had no choice but to remain still and unmoving as he just endured wave after wave of pulsing need. Kenneth really hoped Dwight could make it. Not just because his friend having an accident would make him look bad, as Dwight had thought, but because Kenneth was capable of caring for another human being. He didn’t want his dear friend to have to suffer and be humiliated.

More time passed. Kenneth was trying to distract Dwight, but talking to him and paying such heavy attention to him had had little effect on making Dwight’s bladder less painful to hold. Instead, watching Dwight squirm and sweat, hearing him whimpering with need, had just made Kenneth’s own bladder start to feel full and uncomfortable. Like Dwight’s absolute desperation was somehow contagious.

When Kenneth realized that his need had built itself up to a rather severe level, he had to fight down a bit of panic. This wasn’t good. How much longer were they gonna be stuck on this train? And, what if when he could finally get off, he couldn’t find anywhere that was private enough? What if the restroom at the station was crowded and noisy or, worse, non-existent and he had to try to take a leak outdoors instead? If that happened, Kenneth knew he would not be able to go, he’d have to keep holding it until he found somewhere that was private. But, what if he couldn’t find anywhere at all? How long would he be stuck restraining himself if that was the case?

He tried not to think about all that. Hopefully, there’d be some place he could actually pee. And, hopefully that place would present itself in the near future. Because, speaking of ‘restraining himself’ it was becoming increasingly difficult not to show signs of need. This was terrible, having to endure something that was both physically and mentally exhausting, something that consumed the entirety of his body and mind but could not even be spoken about. He could not squirm, he could not beg, he could not even say the words “I have to pee!” without being overcome with untold amounts of humiliation.

All he could do was endure. He had to endure not just the physical sensations of his desperation, but the assault coming from within his imagination as well. Because, against his will, Kenneth had begun to fantasize. He’d begun to seriously fantasize and daydream not of battles, or of seeing the world, or anything truly exciting. But, instead just about the simple act of urinating.

He imagined himself standing safe and alone, enjoying the marvelous bliss of release; leaning himself against the wall for support as he groaned with the sheer pleasure that just not having to hold back anymore provided. He imagined the amazing feeling that would ripple through his body, every nerve and synapse inside of him firing off and being flooded with pure pleasure.

It was too much, and his legs snapped together unbidden. He fought hard not to cross them, just to press them against each other, squeezing them from the tips of his toes all the way up into his thighs. He thought about telling Dwight that he had to go as well now, so perhaps he would feel less alone in his agony. But Bryce was there and could overhear, and Kenneth shuddered at the thought of how embarrassing that would be.

Dwight, however, was able to tell his friend needed to go. He may have been able to hold himself with a bit more subtlety than Dwight could when dealing with a full bladder, but Kenneth always bit his knuckles when he was desperate; And, right now, he was gnawing the absolute crap out of them. Dwight winced, he was going to hurt himself with how ferociously he was doing that…

Dwight would have tried to pry Kenneth’s hand away from his mouth, but Dwight hadn’t the presence of mind to do it. His urethra was stinging, practically vibrating as it tried not to allow anything more to come through. Still, more did come through. He wouldn’t be surprised if, when he was finally able to get out of this seat, there was a small patch of dampness left beneath him. His bladder was dying. This was a torture he could scarcely endure any longer. It was impossible. It was too much. A person’s bladder couldn’t hold an infinite quantity, and this was just too much. He couldn’t make it. He couldn’t do it. He just couldn’t.

He’d begun to hold himself again, without truly realizing he’d done so. Both hands were trying to grasp hold of his member through the material of his uniform. It wasn’t easy to get a good grip, and he could feel dampness against his palms as he pressed.

Kenneth was just as miserable, his bladder just so goddamn full it was painful. But, he was determined to continue waiting out, and he was determined to do so with dignity. He would not twist. He would not squirm. He would certainly not hold hims—

It had started.

Kenneth had thought at first it was just another angry jolt by his bladder, another desperate, pleading order that Kenneth would be forced to try to ignore. But, it wasn’t that. There was dampness. A tiny, nearly undetectable leak of liquid, sliding quickly and warmly past his worn out urethra. It lasted even less than a second, but it sent a bolt of shame and terror through his body.

He proceeded to do the very things he’d sworn not but a moment ago that he would absolutely not do. He coiled his legs around one another totally. It provided him no relief. His hands joined the battle, squeezing down tight against his overworked pee-hole. His eyes squeezed shut, embarrassment flooding his veins; He was clutching himself like a child before his commander once again. And this time there were even more witnesses around him on the train. So many people to see him coming apart. So many people to make up the audience for his ultimate humiliation should he allow his poor, tired, overtaxed muscles to ease even slightly.

Finally, finally, the train stopped. Dwight could feel an alarming amount of wetness around his length. Kenneth, while significantly dryer as he’d managed to keep it together after his first leak, still felt like he might cry.

Bryce got off the train easily, but his desperate subordinates had a little trouble. Kenneth was walking on stiff legs which, granted, almost made him look like he was marching…. Albeit, a little erratically. He tried to walk completely upright, but his spine would only cooperate for a few steps, before he began to double over again.

Bryce, unaware of why Kenneth was walking in such a way, was actually a little pleased to see it…Kenneth really should try and straighten his back out a bit more, though, he thought.

Dwight, however, stumbled about, walking pigeon-toed, hands grasping between his legs. It was getting to be next to impossible to move at all without squeezing every drop of liquid inside of his bloated bladder out into his clothes. He could do nothing but force himself forward with mincing, contorted steps in the direction that he hoped would lead him to some kind of relief.

“Okay,” Bryce said once they were before him. Dwight was jumping up and down in place and Bryce glowered at him to knock it off, but his icy glare didn’t have the desired effect.

Kenneth was biting so hard on the knuckle of his index finger that he tasted the metallic tang of blood on his tongue. He, rather pathetically, tried to keep his appearance neutral, but his hunched over posture refused to be corrected and he was bending at his knees, which were pointed into one another.

Bryce continued, “So, now that we are here, we should get to—“

“Bryce!” Dwight interrupted. He had spotted the station’s restroom and his bladder had started to give out just at the mere sight of it. He was dribbling like crazy again and had no choice but to grip his dick to try and put a stop to it. It didn’t work so well, he was only able to restrain a couple of the gushes, with many more managing to seep through anyway.

Bryce groaned, “Must you waste our time? Restrain yourself until we are—“

“I can’t!” Dwight begged.

Kenneth tried not to look at how much Dwight was jumping around, tried not to hear the pained urgency in his voice. And tried very, very hard not to hear the brief hisses that were making their way into Dwight’s clothing. It was all making Kenneth have to go so much worse. It was causing Kenneth’s bladder to tremble and throb and push downwards toward his opening. He pressed his heels together, trying to pin himself closed between his thighs. When his bladder spasmed violently, his blood chilled with fear. He bent backward at the waist a little now, in an attempt to give his bladder more space. Doubling over had begun to have the opposite effect; had only compressed his bladder and made it all the harder to manage. This all made him appear as though he was standing in one of the very precise, rigid positions that Bryce preferred his subordinates adopted.

“Paulson is able to behave in a dignified way,” Bryce pointed out. “Which is… Rare, I admit. You should take notes from him.”

Kenneth didn’t want to admit that the only reason he was standing like that with his heels together and toes pointed out was because he needed to piss like a racehorse that had chugged ten cups of coffee. But, perhaps doing so would get both him and his friend the relief they needed? If Bryce knew that they both had to take a break, maybe he’d be more lenient about it? “A—Actually, Bryce. I, um… Would like a moment to… Freshen up as well.”

“God, you talk like an old woman sometimes, you pretentious little… Fine! You have five minutes, don’t make me wait.”

Kenneth winced at the time-limit. He… Well, he didn’t ‘work’ well if he was under pressure. Trying to ‘hurry’ made it even harder for him to relax his bladder. And the fact this was a public place was already bound to make that difficult for him. He couldn’t hold it much longer, though. It was starting to hurt really badly. He took several more stiff steps in the direction of the restroom, having to help his even more desperate friend along a little.

Kenneth realized Dwight was already unclasping his belt and working at his buttons before they got to the door designating the restroom. Kenneth wondered if he ought to do the same. The last time he’d had an accident, it had been because he couldn’t get his uniform apart fast enough as he stood at the toilet. But… There were people here… They might notice…

Kenneth shoved open the door and held it there for Dwight. Kenneth was a little relieved when he saw the restroom was only for a single occupant. And, even if he was here with Dwight, he didn’t usually have any trouble going in front of him. Except… It was really, really noisy outside.

Kenneth’s hands went up to his belt and he unclasped it, hurriedly making work of his buttons. He muttered to himself as he did so. Dwight picked up on the noise outside. “I’ll… Do that thing with your arm to calm you down,” he said, he was trying very hard not to look at the corner where the toilet was. He was stamping his feet and twisting around almost comically in place. Drips were still seeping from his cock and Kenneth could see how soaked his boxers were now that his uniform was open. “Just… Can I please go first? Please? I’m about to—“

“Yes,” Kenneth said, still working on his buttons with shaking, desperate hands— God, why did this uniform even need so many buttons? It was so unnecessary! Now that he and Dwight were alone, he’d allowed his legs to cross again and was bobbing up and down just the slightest bit. “Go ahead.”

“Thank you!” Dwight exclaimed. He whirled around to face the toilet and aimed his dribbling member. The steady, pulsing leaks instantly transformed into a massive, gushing geyser of relief. The room was small, but the walls were made from a material that echoed fiercely. The sound of Dwight’s stream pounding the water sounded implausibly loud to Kenneth, as did the absolutely euphoric cry of relief that fell from his lips.

Kenneth at last pulled his zip down. When he did that, it was like a reflex. The sensation of lowering his zipper mixed with the sight and sound of Dwight’s release made a thin, slow trickle of urine wet the front of Kenneth’s boxers. “Ah!” he cried in a panic, hands diving to clutch his cock. He suddenly felt like he couldn’t hold it one second more! It didn’t matter that he could hear people outside! His bladder was splitting apart, his dam was shattering. Dwight needed to hurry!

Kenneth suppressed the urge to beg Dwight to do exactly that. Dwight deserved to enjoy his relief, and Kenneth was too embarrassed to shout at him that he wasn’t gonna make it. A few more seconds passed, and Kenneth couldn’t stem his flow. “D—Dwight!” Kenneth exclaimed. “P—Please hur—“ He stopped. “Move over!”

“What?”

“Just— Move over a little!? Please!?”

Confused, Dwight did as Kenneth asked and moved to one side. He didn’t know what the issue was until Kenneth was suddenly right beside him and gushing full force into the bowl. He inhaled and exhaled heavily as he fought to catch his breath. “Th—Thank you…” he said.

Dwight had certainly not expected Kenneth to do that… Really, that was one of the last things Dwight would ever expect Kenneth to do. Even if Kenneth could go around him most of the time, he’d never been comfortable enough to pee side by side with anyone. And, they were very close together now. Even closer than they’d be if they were using two urinals that were right next to each other. They were so close their shoulders touched and brushed together. Yet, Kenneth was peeing as though he hadn’t gone in days.

They were both peeing like they’d been holding it for months. The sound of both their long-held streams pounding into the water was ridiculously loud in the tiny, echoey room. Kenneth seemed to remember himself a bit once his bladder had been draining for a while. “I can’t believe I’m doing this…”

Dwight couldn’t either, really. His self-conscious, uptight best friend was unleashing the most forceful stream of piss Dwight had ever seen right beside him. “Um… I can’t believe you were holding all that without dancing around as much as I was…”

“Believe me, it was…” Kenneth paused to moan. “Ohhh… It was really, really hard not to.”

Dwight gave another sigh, enjoying the feeling of relief that kept colliding into him. He remembered something he’d wanted to do with Kenneth when they were kids, but had never been able to since his friend had always been so shy. Now seemed to be his chance. He directed his stream a bit so it met Kenneth’s.

“What are you doing?” Kenneth asked.

“I wanted to swordfight with you,” Dwight said.

“That’s disgusting, you idiot,” Kenneth said, but he crossed his stream over Dwight’s a second later.

They kept pouring for quite a while, and it was a good thing they’d ended up going together, otherwise they definitely would have taken more than the five minutes Bryce had granted them. At last, Kenneth was empty and Dwight followed suit a few seconds later. Kenneth opened his mouth, but Dwight cut him off; “I know. I won’t tell anyone. Promise.”

Edited May 28, 2021 by segaface (see edit history)

*008*2021-06-01 20:13

I debated posting this one for a bit, as it's set when the characters are younger and the content is almost entirely hurt/comfort. It was also written a lot longer ago than the other stories posted here were, kind of as vent-art. Hopefully someone enjoys it though.

***

Kenneth had been standing in front of this tree for at least fifteen minutes now. Doubtless, Dwight was starting to wonder what he was doing that was taking so long. He needed to leave soon, to go back to his friend. But, he didn’t want to. He wanted to stay here until he no longer had to pee. Until his bladder was nice and empty and comfortable. But, it was becoming increasingly apparent that he couldn’t have that.

He rubbed a hand below his navel, resulting in pain instead of a stream. He was actually jumping from one foot to the other, doing a full-blown pee-dance, in spite of the fact that nothing should have prevented him from going where he stood. He was just so frustrated! Why was this so hard? Dwight could pee easily, so why couldn’t Kenneth?

Kenneth had to go so bad it made him want to cry. He didn’t understand. He knew this happened when Father was there yelling at him, but Father wasn’t with him now, so why couldn’t he go? Why did every sound that pulsed through the forest make him clench and tighten with fear, make his bladder lock itself up more and more? Every time he heard something, he’d whirl around, certain someone was watching him, disgusted by the fact he was trying to pee outside; Or worse, judging him for not even being able to do it.

After a couple more minutes, Kenneth just gave up. He buttoned his pants back up, completely full and unrelieved. He stumbled back to the clearing where Dwight was. “Did you get lost?” Dwight asked.

Kenneth nodded, blushing and trying not to squirm as his bladder pounded with such urgent need. Dwight thought he’d just peed, after all. It wouldn’t make much sense if he kept dancing around like he was about to burst. And, the last thing he wanted was for Dwight to find out that he was broken; That he couldn’t simply pee like a normal person. They’d only been friends for a few months, and if Dwight found out Kenneth was broken, then Kenneth was sure he’d ditch him in a heartbeat and Kenneth would be left with no one at all.

Maybe that was silly, but Kenneth was just so certain of it that he didn’t dare risk it. So, he decided to just hold it. He’d hold it until tomorrow morning, when Dwight would take him back inside. There, Kenneth could use a nice, private toilet that no one ever bothered him in, and oh what a wonderful relief that would be!

He pressed his thighs together, trying not to think about how good letting go tomorrow would feel. He still had to make it through the night, after all.

Dwight laid down in the grass and Kenneth did the same beside him. When he laid down on his back, it felt like the skin over his bladder was being stretched as it struggled to contain it. He whimpered quietly.

“Are you okay?” Dwight asked, having heard his friend’s distressed noises.

“Fine,” Kenneth insisted. He hoped Dwight fell asleep fast, because then he’d be able to squirm and hold onto himself.

“Is the ground uncomfortable?” Dwight asked. “Sorry, I don’t have stuff. I thought it would be okay to just sleep outside. But, if you’re sore we can go back inside instead.”

Kenneth almost leapt on the opportunity. The grass wasn’t too uncomfortable, it actually felt kind of nice on all the sore spots in his back from times his Father had hurt him. But, Kenneth absolutely needed to go inside. He didn’t want to ruin Dwight’s fun, though… “I’m okay for now.”

“Alright,” Dwight said. “Goodnight, Kenneth.”

“Goodnight, Dwight.”

Dwight drifted off to sleep easily, but was woken several times by all the tossing and turning his friend was doing. The last time he was woken up, Kenneth had been shaking him. “Move your leg!” Kenneth begged desperately.

Dwight sat up and crossed his legs underneath himself. He looked over to his friend, seeing him doubled over and clutching between his thighs. “Oh, God… Did I kick you in the— I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to!”

“K—Kind of,” Kenneth answered, his voice tight. Everything about Kenneth was tight. His spine was filled with tension, his legs were knotted, his hands were pinned against himself… He was so tense it looked like he was vibrating. Dwight was confused for a moment, it didn’t look like he’d just been kicked in the junk anymore, it looked like something else entirely was bothering him.

Kenneth felt himself burning with embarrassment. He couldn’t believe he was writhing around like this with Dwight right there watching him. He was trying so hard to stop, to move his hands away from himself, to straighten his legs, to pretend everything was fine. But, he just couldn’t. He hadn’t been able to fall asleep for even a minute, his bladder so full and agonizing that he couldn’t manage to relax himself enough. Then, a few minutes ago, Dwight’s leg had come to rest itself overtop of Kenneth’s midsection and he’d nearly exploded from the pressure. Sure, waking Dwight had gotten him to move his leg, but now he was looking at him, staring, trying to figure out what was wrong!

Kenneth tried to come up with an explanation for why he was so coiled up and upset, when Dwight just asked outright; “Do you have to take a leak?”

Kenneth tried to suppress the intense blush he was sure was lighting up his face. He hoped the dark of the night was enough to conceal it. “I… Yes,” he said.

“Go then,” Dwight said.

Kenneth sighed. He was stuck now. Cornered. Dwight could tell he was ready to pop, and Kenneth was to the point he couldn’t just step off for a few minutes and come back to pretend he’d gone. He wouldn’t be able to stop his pee-dancing. It would be obvious that he still had to go really badly. This was it. “I… Can’t,” he mumbled, feeling horridly awkward.

Dwight was more confused now. “What do you mean? Of course you can.” He didn’t add that it looked as if Kenneth was about to do it right where he was crouching.

Kenneth hesitated even more. “No. I can’t.”

“You’re… Afraid of the dark?” Dwight guessed, groping for some kind of explanation.

“Nah—No!” Kenneth insisted. “That’s not it!”

“Then what’s—“

“I just can’t, alright?” Kenneth muttered, almost as desperate to avoid having to give an explanation as he was to relieve himself.

“You…You need help standing up!” Dwight decided. “That’s it? I’ll help y—“

“No,” Kenneth said. “That’s not it, either. I just can’t! That’s all there is to it.”

“Kenneth, I don’t understand.”

“I don’t, either,” Kenneth said, he was trembling even more fiercely. God, he’d give anything to pee! This was torture! It felt like he was going to cry! It felt like his tears would be made of urine!

Now, Dwight sighed. “Could you at least try to explain why you’re so upset? You obviously need to pee, so why don’t you go?”

Kenneth turned away from Dwight, “It’s… I don’t know why. I just can't. I just… It doesn’t work. I tried to go earlier before we went to sleep, and I kept hearing all these noises, and I just… It wouldn’t come out.”

Dwight paused. He remembered one incident that had happened to him a while ago. He’d locked himself into the restroom and was about to start peeing, when one of the children who bullied him began smacking his hands onto the door as hard as he could and hollering at him to hurry up. It had bothered Dwight, messed with his concentration, made him even feel a little frightened, and… He wasn’t able to go.

That had freaked Dwight out a bit, since it had never happened to him before. Every other time when he went to pee, he’d just pee. He didn’t have to think about it, he didn’t have to try to relax anything; It just came out. But, that time it had just been too stressful. He’d had to give up and just come back later.

So, did Kenneth just have that all the time or something?

God, that must have been just awful! Feeling that way just one time had been frightening to Dwight, he couldn’t imagine having to endure it every single time he needed to pee! “Oh,” Dwight said finally. “You mean you… Can’t.”

Kenneth nodded miserably. “I’m sorry. I’m just… Stupid. I’m terrible at everything. I can’t even pee right.”

“Hey, no. You’re not stupid,” Dwight said, trying to comfort him. “Don’t think that way. You just need…” He paused. What did Kenneth need? Well, he needed to pee, obviously. But, if Kenneth’s problem was as bad as it sounded, what could Dwight do to help make that happen? “It’s late, nobody should be out here, but… Would you feel more comfortable if I stood behind you and kept watch?”

Kenneth was stunned. Dwight wasn’t making fun of him. Dwight wasn’t yelling at him. Dwight wasn’t insisting that something was horribly wrong with him or calling him any of the awful names his Father always did. Dwight wanted to help? “You would do that?”

Dwight wondered why Kenneth was so shocked by the offer. It had seemed the most natural thing to do for him, like the kind of thing any friend would do. “Of course I will. Do you think it would help?”

“I think so,” Kenneth said, he struggled to stand up, now very eager to get moving if there was even a tiny chance he might actually get some relief. He started to leak when he got to his feet and he squeezed himself tighter.

Oh, wow… He really has to go… Dwight thought as he watched Kenneth fighting against gravity to avoid an accident. Of course, it had been obvious before that he was having an emergency, but now it was clear Dwight didn’t have much time to get him to an okay spot. He had, like, a minute. Tops.

Thank goodness they were in a forest. Lots of places to go.

Dwight shot to his feet and came to stand beside Kenneth. He noticed something else then. Kenneth’s shirt was torn at the bottom, and there was a very visible bump there. Kenneth was incredibly skinny, so the bump was totally out of place. Is… Is that his bladder? Dwight asked himself. That idea was frightening. Jeez, how long had Kenneth been making himself hold it?

No time to wonder about that, for now he just had to help Kenneth. He put a hand on his friend’s shoulder and directed him a few contorted steps over to a bush. It was too close to where they’d been sleeping, but they could just sleep somewhere else for the rest of the night. He wasn’t about to force Kenneth to walk any further. “Go here,” Dwight said, he stood right at Kenneth’s back. “I’ll keep watch.”

He heard Kenneth’s zipper being pulled down and waited for the gushing sound of a broken faucet that was sure to follow.

But, there was nothing.

Nothing, that was, but an anguished cry that tore through Kenneth’s throat.

Dwight spun around. “Kenneth, are you—“

“I can’t do it!” Kenneth interrupted. “I can’t! It hurts so much, Dwight! God, I’m so stupid! I’m so stupid I can’t even do the most basic things! I can’t even pee! What kind of broken excuse for a person can’t even—“

“Kenneth,” Dwight interrupted. His heart sank. He had a suspicion that the words Kenneth was using hadn’t been his own invention. They were more likely things his Father had repeated to him on various occasions. “Shh,” Dwight hushed. “It’s okay. You’re not broken, okay? You’re scared. That’s different. And, I’m here. You’re safe when I’m here, remember?”

Kenneth was breathing strangely, almost hyperventilating. He wanted this to stop. He’d do anything for this to stop. The fear flowing through his veins, cascading through all of his nerves and setting them on fire. The shame pulsing through his mind and blotting out all other thoughts, blotting out all rationality and reason. The indescribable, practically insanity-inducing torture that had encompassed his entire lower half. He just… He just wanted to pee. It was all he wanted. Why was that so much to ask for?

“Kenneth…” Dwight repeated his name. He was panicked now, too. He didn’t know what to do, and obviously his friend was suffering some intense anguish. He thought about taking Kenneth back inside, but it was a long, long walk back. Kenneth would either have an accident, or hurt himself before they made it. There had to be some way to get Kenneth to go where he was.

Well… First, Kenneth needed to stop breathing like that. It was clearly worsening his panicked state, and he wouldn’t pee if that kept up. Dwight turned around, he put his hands onto Kenneth’s shoulders. “I need you to hold your breath for a second, alright?”

Kenneth took a few seconds to obey, but he did.

“Okay, that’s good. Now, let it out very slowly.”

Kenneth did.

“Good. Now big breath in.”

Inhale.

“Out.”

Exhale.

“Big breath in,” Dwight repeated, noticing how badly Kenneth was trembling. He ran his hands up and down Kenneth’s arms, as if trying to warm him on a cold day. “Breathe out.”

After several seconds of this, liquid began to splash into the dirt. Contrary to Dwight’s expectations, it was nothing like a broken faucet, more like a faucet that had been just barely flicked on. Kenneth’s bladder was emptying in a slow, dismal trickle.

“Nnnnh,” Kenneth whined.

“No, that’s good,” Dwight said. “Keep going.”

“Hurts…” Kenneth whimpered.

Dwight felt alarmed at that, the last thing Kenneth should be feeling now that he was finally peeing was any sort of pain. It should have been feeling amazingly good, not bad in the least. He kept repeating to Kenneth to breathe, and after a few more times, his stream started picking up. Less like a leaking hose, more like a waterfall.

Dwight felt Kenneth start trembling again, but it was different. He wasn’t shaking like a panicked leaf, but it was more of a full-body shudder. A second after those convulsions had begun, Kenneth was moaning. His moan sounded so utterly filled with elation that Dwight knew right away that Kenneth was no longer feeling any pain. “Finallyyyyy,” Kenneth murmured.

Even though it looked like Kenneth had gotten a handle on things now, Dwight did not let go of his shoulders, did not stop rubbing them, did not stop telling Kenneth to breathe. He didn’t want to do anything that may cause his friend to lock back up before he was finished.

And, wow, it took a really, really long time for him to get finished. Dwight couldn’t believe someone could hold that much inside of themselves and not have an accident. Poor Kenneth, no wonder he’d been tearing up! Dwight began to wonder if Kenneth’s bladder was bottomless and they were going to be stuck there until sunrise, it took over a minute before his stream came to a rather abrupt stop and Kenneth slumped against Dwight with a loud sigh.

“Done?” Dwight asked.

“Yes…” Kenneth said, reaching to zip back up before fiddling with his hands. It was obvious that the embarrassment was beginning to creep in. “I… Thank you a lot for… That…”

Dwight wasn’t so sure what to say. This situation was hardly standard. He doubted many people ended up rubbing their friend’s shoulders while they gushed out a massive pee after hours of holding it in. “You’re welcome,” he said finally. “Uh… Any time.”

Kenneth looked down at his feet, “You can’t possibly mean that…”

“I do,” Dwight said. “If you have that… problem again, and I’m around, just. You know. Come get me, I’ll help you.”

“I…” Kenneth kept staring at his feet. His eyes were welling up again. Suddenly he pulled Dwight into a tight hug and just held him there, saying nothing.

Dwight felt himself begin to well up, too; Were such simple acts of kindness really so foreign to Kenneth? All he’d done was say he’d help Kenneth feel better when he was in pain. Just like any friend would…

“I… I just… Thank you. Nobody’s ever…” Kenneth couldn’t finish the sentence, just kept hugging Dwight.

Dwight rubbed his back, “I’m your friend,” he said. “Friends help each other.”

*010*2021-06-01 22:19

{{37 minutes ago, gelpen said:

I love these characters so much! It's such a great dynamic between them.

}}

Thank you so much! These characters are very dear to me, so it means a lot to me when people enjoy them!

*012*2021-06-03 18:01

“How much longer must we be here!?” Kenneth demanded. “This is ridiculous!”

“It’s… It’s a holding cell, Kenneth,” Dwight reminded. “Normally people don’t get let out of those very often.”

“Perhaps, I would be more understanding of these circumstances had we been captured by an enemy,” Kenneth said. “But, we weren’t! This is one of our own cells!”

“I know,” Dwight sighed. “You’ve been screaming about that for the past two hours. Could you just settle down?”

“Bryce is so juvenile!” Kenneth ranted. “We have important things to do, and instead he chooses to play a prank on us?”

“He only tricked us into getting locked up in here after you put silkworms into his canteen,” Dwight said.

“Irrelevant!” Kenneth declared.

Dwight shook his head. “Look, he’ll let us out when he gets bored. Or someone else will find us before long. Just sit tight for a little while, okay? I understand you’re angry, but—“

“How much longer can this possibly take!?” Kenneth carried on. “I have things I need to do!”

“Like he’s not even listening to me…” Dwight mumbled.

Kenneth quieted down a bit, but then he started pacing like a caged tiger. He’d pause at one end of the small cell every so often and bounce on the balls of his heels, then return to his frantic pacing.

“Kenneth, that’s not going to get us out any fas—“

“I can’t take it anymore!” Kenneth suddenly yelled.

“I know. You’re bored,” Dwight said. “Let’s… Let’s play twenty questions or something? That’s better than—“

Kenneth stopped pacing, but didn’t go still. He was bouncing up and down like his boots were filled with fleas. “Okay, fine,” he said.

Dwight suggested he sit down, but Kenneth refused to do that. Just continued anxiously bobbing up and down. Kenneth hated tight spaces. He refused to admit that his hatred for them stemmed from fear, but Dwight knew it did. Kenneth’s Father had locked him into small spaces for long stretches of time on numerous occasions, nothing good ever happened in small spaces. Dwight chalked Kenneth’s antsy behavior up to fear and tried to come up with ways to distract him. “Okay, I’ll go first, um—“

Kenneth chomped down on the knuckle of his pinky.

Oh.

That’s what he was going so stir-crazy over.

“You have to pee,” Dwight said.

Kenneth reddened and turned away, “Wow. Sherlock has deduced another miracle; Congrats genius, you figured it out!”

Dwight shut his eyes and took a deep breath. Kenneth’s constant barrage of complaints and insults was really beginning to get on his nerves. He’s in a tight space, Dwight reminded himself. He’s scared. He’s scared, and he’s stressed, and he needs a restroom really bad. Of course he’s gonna be extra volatile right now. Dwight repeated these things to himself a few times, trying to remind himself that Kenneth’s frustration and rage at the situation was completely understandable. He couldn’t expect Kenneth to be acting in a very cheerful way right now, and since Dwight was the only person around to listen to him, of course he would have to be the sounding board for all his anger. “Okay…” Dwight said finally. “That’s, hopefully, one thing that we can fix right now. I can’t get us out of here, but I can find some way to let you pee. Would that make you feel any better?”

“…Yes,” Kenneth admitted after a moment. “Sorry… I just… I’m really uncomfortable right now.”

“It’s okay,” Dwight said. He looked around the small room. There wasn’t a toilet, of course. Nor could Dwight see any sort of container. There was a sink and a bed. That was it. “How bad is it? On a scale of one to ten?”

“Is ten where I’m about to wet myself?”

“Yes.”

“Eight,” Kenneth answered miserably. “I forgot to go before I left the barrack this morning. I haven’t been since last night.”

“What?” Dwight exclaimed. “You never forget—“

“Well, I did today!” Kenneth said. “And, of course, I had to do it on the day we get stuck somewhere without a restroom.” A small sprinkle of pee escaped from his tip and he squeezed his eyes tight and fidgeted his legs. After a moment, he regained enough strength to open his eyes again. “S—Sorry, I don’t mean to snap at you. I just… Oh, this is bad.”

“It’s okay,” Dwight repeated. “Maybe Bryce will let us out soon.”

“He’s probably forgotten he locked us in here at all,” Kenneth said, his eyes twitching as his bladder convulsed once again. He felt the warm, clammy feeling around his cock increase even more and he gave in, pressing his hands down over his crotch. “Sorry…” he said.

“Don’t be,” Dwight said. “Just… Do what you have to do.”

“That’s what I’m trying to avoid,” Kenneth said under his breath. A quiet whine edged its way past his teeth while he writhed against his palms, every nerve ending in his pelvic region was screaming like they were on fire. “Nng…” He whimpered. His eyes squeezed shut once more. “Ah… It’s a nine now, I think.”

“Go… Go sit on the bed,” Dwight suggested. “Lay down, maybe it will be easy to hold it if you’re a little more comfortable otherwise?”

“No, I always need to pee worse if I’m laying down,” Kenneth said. “If I do that now, I’ll… I’ll… Have…” He was too mortified to even say the words ‘an accident’, scared that if he even mentioned that it was possible, it would happen for real.

“I didn’t know that,” Dwight said. “Normally, I can hold it longer if I lay down, so I just thought—“

“Nnn, don’t talk about that! You’re making it worse!” Kenneth whined, praying to every deity he could think of for a miracle that would grant him the ability to relieve himself. The hands gripping his dick felt like a feeble dam trying to hold back a flood from the biggest hurricane in history. “Ah! It’s a nine and a half now!” His voice began to tremble and his eyes stung with tears. His muscles were going so weak, he was going to release a torrent onto the ground below him any second now for sure! He could hardly breathe. He was trying so hard not to panic, not to do anything embarrassing, but his baser instincts were taking over as his ego was forced to step aside to make room for his desperation. “Dwight, help!” he cried, hating himself for it, as his hips jerked from side to side. “I don’t want to have an accident! Please don’t let me! Please! Please! Please!Pleasepleaseplease—“

That word quickly became the only word Kenneth knew, and Dwight’s eyes bounced around the tiny room frantically. He couldn’t pee on the bed, they’d be in trouble. If he pissed in a corner and Bryce smelled it, there would be Hell to pay. The only other thing was the sink—

Wait.

Duh.

“Oh!” Dwight said. “You can go in the sink!”

“What!?” Kenneth squeaked. “I can’t! That is disgusting, and utterly vile, and I absolutely—“ He stopped speaking abruptly as a long, long stream of liquid pushed through his penis and wet the front of his boxers, before warmly sliding down his leg. “I absolutely can’t hold it!” he finished, beginning to hobble to the sink while tearing at his buttons in a frenzy.

Dwight fought back a snort of laughter as Kenneth’s stubborn pride was devoured by the raw power of his need. Oh, Kenneth, he thought. You’re hilarious, you know that?

Once at the sink, Kenneth managed to get his uniform apart the rest of the way in record time. Then, he ran into a problem. Not his usual problem of ‘freezing up’ and getting anxious when he tried to relieve himself, this time the issue wasn’t psychological in nature; it was instead very physical. He hadn’t realized it until he’d pulled himself free of his uniform, but the sink was about level with the lower part of his chest, pretty far above his crotch. He was positive that when he let go, his stream was gonna have a great deal of force behind it, but he didn’t think he could angle himself in a way that wouldn’t result in him soaking himself and everything around him as he tried to pee into something that was way too high up.

That was it. He was too short to do this. “Dwight!” Kenneth whined.

“You need help relaxing yourse—“

“No, not yet,” Kenneth interrupted, wondering if Dwight was blind. The issue should have been obvious now that Kenneth was stood in front of the sink. “I can’t… I’m too..” He cringed. If there was one thing Kenneth hated (besides basically everything on Earth and probably a few things only found on distant planets), it was his height. He abhorred being small, he was teased for it relentlessly and it presented nothing but problems. Sometimes, Bryce would hold something Kenneth really wanted above his head so Kenneth couldn’t get it just to taunt him. Kenneth could never get things from high shelves and always had to, rather humiliatingly, ask for help. And now he couldn’t empty his painfully engorged bladder just because he was too short to let it out into a sink! “The sink is too high!” Kenneth finished, feeling less embarrassed to say that the sink was the one that wasn’t the correct size, rather than him.

“Oh,” Dwight said. “Yeah, I can see that now… Guess I wasn’t really thinking.” Dwight wasn’t that much taller than Kenneth, only a couple inches. He probably wouldn’t be able to pee in that sink without making a mess, either. Dwight was pretty strong, though, and Kenneth barely weighed anything… “I can lift you up a little.”

Kenneth felt heat pulse through him. God… Just the image of being held up in the air while he took a leak… Or worse, Dwight just holding him up for minutes on end while Kenneth failed to get his stream started… “Isn’t there something I can stand on top of?” he asked.

Dwight looked around. There were no crates, no boxes, no barrels… Certainly no step-stools…Dwight thought he could move the bed and have Kenneth get on top of that, but it would take several minutes to get it to the right spot, and Dwight could see that Kenneth had already leaked a substantial amount on the floor. By the time Dwight got the bed in place, Kenneth wasn’t likely to need it anymore… “Sorry, there isn’t.”

“Fine, I’ll hold it even longer!” Kenneth decided, now the heat assaulting his body wasn’t just embarrassment, but frustration too. He didn’t want to hold it anymore! He started to put himself back away, and the instant he gripped his zip to pull it up, pee was shooting into his boxers.

Panicked, he tugged his zip back down all the way and rescued his trickling cock. “Change of plans, can’t do it!” He said. The only way to make this less of an embarrassing shitshow would be to remind Dwight of exactly who was in charge in their relationship. Kenneth had to pretend that this was his idea. “Dwight! Get over here right this instant and assist me!” He couldn’t project very much authority into his voice when he could feel urine dribbling against his fingertips as he held his exposed dick. But, yelling always made him feel better, so he did it anyway.

“Yes, Kenneth,” Dwight said. He fought not to roll his eyes at his friend’s attempts to come off as authoritative while having an accident. He hurried over to Kenneth, trying to figure out the best way to grab him. He didn’t really have any time left to decide, a puddle was forming next to one of Kenneth’s boots and more dribbles were streaming out his tip nonstop. Dwight gripped him under his arms and raised him up as far as he could. Dwight’s arms were raised above his head as high as they’d go, and Kenneth was squirming in his grasp.

Kenneth’s bladder contracted with sick violence. The movement had been a serious shock to the bloated organ, and its walls squeezed in and pulsed in a frenzy. The drops that Kenneth had been unable to stop became a stream. He was peeing. “Ah!” Kenneth gasped twisting his legs, which were now dangling a bit below him.

“Is… That… Enough?” Dwight asked. He didn’t say it, but a few of Kenneth’s leaks had landed on him. And his arms were already feeling sore; Kenneth may have been pretty light, but he’d needed to be lifted quite far into the air.

Kenneth’s penis just met with the edge of the sink. It was enough. Just barely. The shocks that had befallen his bladder when he’d been picked up hadn’t stopped, and no matter how strange this was, it was still just Dwight. So, Kenneth had little trouble allowing his little stream to build into the massive waterfall he’d needed to let out.

HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!

As it sprayed the hollow metal sink, Kenneth couldn’t help but cringe at the noise it made. He reminded himself that Dwight was the only other person around to hear it and tried to just concentrate on getting it all out.

And, oh what a relief that was! Dwight accidentally pinching his armpits a little couldn’t even register to him, all he could feel was the glorious sensation of his waters pouring uninhibited into the sink. He was pretty sure he was spraying with more power than the sink itself could, just gushing and gushing full blast, relief overtaking all other stimuli. He didn’t care how weird this was, he barely even noticed where he was at all anymore, all he knew was that he was peeing and it felt so good… “Ahhh…I just… I couldn’t hold it…”

“I know…” Dwight’s voice cracked, breaking through Kenneth’s reverie a little. “You… Almost done though? Because…I can’t hold you much longer…” His arms were getting sore, he was just grateful Kenneth was so skinny otherwise he probably would have dropped him by now, and that would be quite a mess… Even now though, Dwight was tiring out, and Kenneth was still peeing like there was no tomorrow. He knew from a previous incident that Kenneth could hold two liters of urine inside of himself. At least! Maybe that hadn’t even been his full capacity… Dwight didn’t know if his arms would last as long as it took Kenneth to piss out two liters.

“I’ll try and go faster,” Kenneth said. Usually, once he’d released and really gotten his stream going, his shy bladder would not rear its ugly head again before he’d emptied. So, it wasn’t too difficult for him to push down a bit and add some more power to his release. This did make it a great deal louder, and he blushed some more.

Dwight felt himself going red, too. It sounded like being right next to a waterfall now. Jesus… How did anyone pee like that?! He’d known Kenneth had to go bad, but good Lord… It was like he was trying to funnel the entirety of Lake Michigan through a coffee straw… Where had he even put all that? He was so small! His body must have been eighty percent bladder or something.

Pretty abruptly, the flow stopped, like a faucet suddenly being flicked closed. Kenneth sighed, “Okay, I am finished now.”

“Thank God…” Dwight said, allowing Kenneth’s feet to touch the floor again before shaking out his sore arms.

“Sorry…” Kenneth said. “I tried to… Finish sooner. That was as fast as I could—“

“Don’t worry about it,” Dwight said. “Feeling better?”

“Y…Yes,” Kenneth admitted. “Just… Thank you. Don’t know what I’d do without you,” he hugged Dwight close.

“Aw,” Dwight said. It was so rare for Kenneth to express affection like this. He was gonna enjoy it. He wrapped his arms around Kenneth’s back. “I’ll always be here, Kenneth. Don’t wor—“

“One thing, though,” Kenneth interrupted.

“Hm?” Dwight asked, rubbing Kenneth’s back. He was bony, all angles, and his shoulders were sharp points; He’d heard someone say once that Kenneth was about as huggable as a cactus, but to Dwight he was the most cuddly thing in the universe. Even if Kenneth wasn’t soft, having him so close made Dwight feel softer than anything. “What is it?”

“If you tell anyone about this I will play jumprope with your spinal column after I eviscerate you.”

Dwight shut his eyes and sighed, “You have a really beautiful way with words, Kenneth. You know that?”

Edited June 3, 2021 by segaface (see edit history)

*013*2021-06-05 18:15

{{3 hours ago, Yoshi said:

Hey, it's me from tumblr...who made that post about tropes

I'm struggling with words because this needs so much praise. Hands down the best omo story/series I've read in a long while that wasn't just me having fandom bias and I probably won't be able to read anything omo related for the next few days because...now my standards are too high I love the characters, the relationship dynamics (the friendship/partnership Kenneth and Dwight have is so incredibly sweet, had me at the first story but then it just got better and better), the serious stuff, the comedy in the last story...I'm trying my best to not come off as creepy here which I usually do when I comment on stuff I like that much because holy hell it's so well-written?? Just, everything is so great about this. And you somehow nailed pretty much all of my...specific omo-related interests too. I don't know how you did that but you did.

I'm so glad you sent me the link because I'm not all that active here anymore and would've completely missed this so thank you! and sorry if this comes off as too rambly/weird!

}}

Oh, wow! Thank you so much! This is such a nice comment I'm so glad you enjoy these stories as much as you do. I'll definitely be writing more with these characters, too.

*014*2021-06-07 17:01

The door to the private washroom in the barrack— The only place Kenneth could easily relieve his bladder— was stuck.

This had happened once before, the result of Bryce attempting to play a rather mean practical joke on Kenneth that had involved a lot of glue and some very powerful tape. That time, Kenneth had been unable to pee until it was fixed; He’d held it for so, so long that he’d gotten an infection and was unwell for several days.

This time, it was different. Bryce had had nothing to do with it, the door was just jammed. Dwight had tried to get it loose, but had been unable. The door would have to be physically removed from its hinge and set back into place. But, of course, everyone had much more important things to do than fix a stuck door. There were other places to pee, after all. Other, less private, toilets, and bushes and trees. The door could wait.

Kenneth couldn’t, though. He’d woken up unusually antsy for his morning pee, and had needed to fight down quite a bit of panic when he realized the door was not going to open.

Dwight had encouraged him to try getting relief elsewhere, and Kenneth had. He’d entered one of the more public restrooms, locked himself into a stall, and had tried to release his morning pee. But, he couldn’t do it. He could hear people talking just outside, and even though he couldn’t hear what they were saying, he managed to convince himself that they were all speculating on why he had yet to begin peeing. Hot shame pooled in his chest, and he’d given up.

Dwight could tell right away that Kenneth hadn’t been able to pee. “The bushes,” Dwight said. “You were able to go behind a few of those before, remember? Go try there.”

Kenneth felt more flames of embarrassment light up his face. He was too shy to use a proper toilet, and was having to resort to taking a leak in a bush instead. “Dwight, keep watch for me, okay?” He didn’t really have to request it, Dwight would always do it anyway.

“Of course, Kenneth,” Dwight said.

Kenneth scurried, red-faced, behind a large crop of bushes. They concealed his small body well, and Dwight was there to make sure no one got too close. He told himself he could do it. His poor bladder was aching, he had to let it relax somewhere…

He stood there for minutes on end, trying to will his body to calm down and do what it needed to do. Even after years upon years of dealing with his problem, he still could not understand how he could need to do something so incredibly badly, yet still be unable to when he tried. It was completely nonsensical. When he needed water, his throat did not constrict and make it so he couldn’t swallow any. When he needed to breathe, his lungs did not reject the air and insist he continue to suffocate. So, why this? Why did his bladder lock itself up tighter than a maximum security prison when he badly needed to pee?

He inhaled deeply, and mashed the flat of his palm into his middle. Pain erupted beneath his harsh touch, sending wicked pangs of need out to every cell in his body. But, the source of all the agony remained stubbornly full, the ground between his feet was dry as a bone.

“I can’t, Dwight,” Kenneth said quietly. “I hate this so much. I hate it more than I’ve ever hated anything— I think I hate it even more than I hate mosquitos!”

Dwight came a little closer. He considered telling Kenneth to just try and relax, but thought better of it. He’d made the mistake of saying that to Kenneth once before, and it had set him off on a rant. “You can’t try to relax, Dwight. That’s idiotic. If you have to concentrate and make yourself do it, then you can’t be relaxed!”

Kenneth had claimed on a separate occasion that he’d only relaxed once in his life, and that it had made him feel very tense.

Dwight had been unable to tell if that was a joke.

Instead of suggesting that his friend try and relax, he told him to think of waterfalls, and rivers, and flowing, and— Dwight stopped rambling about watery environments and trickling liquids when he realized that he hadn’t peed yet that morning either, and that his bladder was none too happy with him for that. Dwight’s evocative words hadn’t coaxed Kenneth into releasing, but it had made Dwight a lot more aware of his own need.

Dwight thought about if he could take a leak right now when Kenneth was struggling so much to do the same... That would be incredibly cruel. He’d hold it until Kenneth could go. He quickly became more eager to get his friend calmed down, and moved onto the next tactic. This one usually did the trick; He put his hands onto Kenneth’s shoulders and rubbed, speaking softly; “It’s okay, Kenneth. We’re alone here. It’s just us.”

Ignoring his own bladder’s protestations, Dwight went on “Just… Feel yourself going loose… Deep breath in… Let it out… Think of the nice steady pour of water into a cup… Think of the trickling, flowing… Nnnh… The trickling, flowing gush of water on a riverbank…” Dwight started to pace in place, and was having a very difficult time maintaining his calm tone, and keeping the strokes he gave to Kenneth’s shoulders light and soft. His body was tensing so much as he struggled to keep his flood inside while simultaneously describing things meant to stimulate a person’s bladder into releasing.

Come on, Kenneth… Dwight thought desperately. Hurry up… He felt his spine knot all the way up his back, felt his bladder throb, and he crossed one leg tight over the other. The fact that he was surrounded by the very bushes which, if he were being honest, he’d probably pissed onto at least thirty times by now when the line for the toilets was too long, was making his urgency worse. His bladder recognized this as a place it could be emptied, and was confused and angry that that wasn’t what was happening.

Kenneth squeezed his eyes shut. He tried to forget where he was. He tried to forget that once again he had needed to resort to having his friend stroke and coo at him like a scared kitten just so he could— hopefully— take a leak. He focused himself on how nice Dwight’s hands felt, and on picturing the environments Dwight described to him. He focused very hard on the image of a riverbank overflowing after a heavy rainstorm, unable to contain all the liquid it had been filled with. Kenneth finally felt that little tingle he usually got right before his bladder released. He started to open his eyes again so he’d be able to get his aim right, and at last the first trickles of release pattered the dirt between his feet. Finally!

Oh, thank God… Dwight thought when he heard liquid begin to splash against the ground. Now, I can—

Before Dwight could finish that thought, and before Kenneth could let the relieved breath out of his lungs, they heard a branch snap. Instantly, Kenneth’s flow cut off like a garden hose that was being bent. He cringed and had to fight back an audible wince of pain. Every time he was interrupted like that while peeing, it would feel like being pinched. Like being pinched in an incredibly sensitive part of his body. It was just awful! Not just the sharp pangs of agony, but the knowledge that he wasn’t out of the woods after all; He was right back to holding it. And, for some reason, even though some of his pee had come out, it always ended up feeling like he had to go worse than before!

“I can’t do it here,” Kenneth hastily buttoned his uniform back up, ignoring the confused jolts the action sent through his still incredibly full bladder.

“I… I’m sure it was just a squirrel or something!” Dwight stammered. “You can—“

“I can’t!”

“Okay…” Dwight paced back and forth, both trying to come up with an answer for Kenneth, and trying to distract himself from his own urgent need. “The… The restroom on the far-side. Normally, no one’s in there this early in the day. You can go there!”

“I’ll try,” Kenneth said, looking down at his tapping feet, “I’m so sorry about this. I’m inconveniencing you.”

“You’re… Not,” Dwight said. Although, he really wished he could just turn around and take a leak here… “It’s okay. It’s not that long a walk.”

The trek to the other restroom wasn’t long, but considering that they were both dying to pee, they couldn’t walk it very fast. Kenneth was trying so hard not to dance around and to walk like a normal human being, but every few steps he’d need to stop and regain his bearings a little. Dwight had tucked a hand into one of his pockets and was using it to give himself a few, hopefully discreet, squeezes. For both of them, each step sent hot bullets of need ricocheting through their bodies.

At last, they’d made it, and the restroom was blessedly empty. Dwight exhaled. Kenneth would surely be able to go here. Kenneth dashed for the stall, but found a note tacked to it stating it was out of order. He bounced up and down on his heels in dismay. His bladder throbbed and pounded with no mercy, it felt like entire oceans were colliding within it, and he gave in and pressed his hands against his crotch. “It’s out of order,” he informed Dwight in a panic.

Dwight looked to the side, “Use a urinal,” he suggested. Like I’m dying to, he added in his head.

“I can’t… What if… What if someone comes in and sees?” Kenneth stammered. “There aren’t even any dividers, I can’t— They’ll see—“

Dwight glanced back around at the door. Thank goodness, it locked. He slammed the mechanism into place. “Okay, I got the door locked,” Dwight stammered, half doubled over as he shifted from foot to foot. “No one will come in. It’s just us. It’s private. You’re okay.”

“I can’t…” Kenneth said quietly, but he still unclasped his belt with shaking hands. A few seconds later, he’d aimed himself at the urinal, prompting a handful of drops but nothing more.

“Y—You can!” Dwight insisted. Please, Kenneth! Please, just be able to do this, so I can go? “You can use the urinal!”

“I’ve never— I’ve never been able— I feel exposed,” Kenneth tried to explain.

“You just— Just feel like you are. But, you’re not. The door’s locked. I’m the only one here,” Dwight reminded, he unclasped his belt and exhaled at the tiny amount of relief that gave him. But, it lasted only a second and then he was back to feeling like he was on the verge of exploding into a million pieces. “Nnnh, here,” Dwight said. He grabbed Kenneth’s shoulders and started to rub. “Think of water— Ack!” he exclaimed, a small trickle of pee beginning to glide down his leg. “Think of pouring water, and gushing… And… And peeing! Think of peeing, and how good it will feel to just pee, because you really have to, and you haven’t since yesterday and— Ohhh, and you have to go so bad, and it’s all you can think about! And, all you want to do is pee, and you can’t hold it, and—“

Dwight abruptly stopped talking and rubbing Kenneth’s shoulders, he now needed his hands around his dick instead as a massive leak began to spurt from its tip. God… If he could just tear his zipper down and let everything flow into the urinal next to the one Kenneth was already standing at! “Think of how you can’t possibly hold it a second longer! It’s too much, you waited too long, it can’t stay in anymore, it’s coming out, and you can’t wait, and—“

HSSSSSS!

At that sound, Dwight looked down at himself in a panic, certain he’d just begun to flood his clothes and the floor surrounding him. It took him a few seconds to realize that his bladder was still shut, all his urine was still locked inside, save for a few maddening drips he couldn’t stop.

“Ahhhhh…” Kenneth breathed. He tipped his head back a bit as he moaned, his long-held pee spattering the urinal with the loudest, most powerful hiss Dwight had ever heard.

The sound went right to his bladder, and it became too much. The drips that had been steadily trickling from his tightly clutched dick gave way to a massive stream. He yanked his zip down in record time and pulled himself out. For a few seconds, his urine splashed against the floor as he tried to get himself in front of a urinal. He felt a little bad for the mess, but he could care about that later. Once he’d aimed at the right place and no longer had to try to hold back, his stream transformed into the world’s most powerful waterfall. “Oh, God!” he gasped, amazed that anything could feel as good as this did. He fought to catch his breath as wave after wave of liquid teemed through him and splashed into the urinal. God… He’d never been so grateful to simply stand at a urinal before… “Feel… Better now, Kenneth?” he asked between heavy breaths of air.

Kenneth could do nothing but moan. He knew he’d feel embarrassed and self-conscious once he’d finished— He couldn’t even believe that the noises he was hearing were seriously coming out of his mouth— But, for now, all he could feel was solace, comfort and relaxation. His mind was delightfully fuzzy, all that agonizing pressure leaving his body at long last. He never would have managed to feel this good if Dwight hadn’t helped him. “Thank…” he managed to say. “Thank you…”

“You’re welcome,” Dwight said, his stream beginning to slow and taper off. Once he was empty and had zipped back up, the unbelievably loud splashing of Kenneth’s stream was still going on and on. Dwight was amazed by that; He’d been ready to burst, and had started peeing after Kenneth had, yet Kenneth was still flowing like a creek after the biggest rainstorm in years. Again, Dwight wondered how in the world Kenneth could hold so much.

Kenneth’s cascading jet of liquid began to die down to a trickle, and Dwight assumed he was just about finished and started to ask how he was feeling, but before he could get one word out, another huge bursting hiss sprayed out of his friend. This one lasted almost half a minute on its own, and then Kenneth stopped gushing rather abruptly.

Even after he’d stopped peeing, Kenneth stood there for a moment more. He could feel his bladder still kind of squeezing; Desperate to ensure it really was empty, although he was pretty sure there wasn’t anything left. Once the pulsing stopped, Kenneth was reasonably sure he was finally done and zipped back up.

“Good Lord…” Dwight murmured, then felt his face going red. That hadn’t been what he’d meant to say at all. He’d meant to just ask Kenneth if he felt okay!

Kenneth blushed, but he still looked relaxed. He was almost kind of smiling, so hopefully he wasn’t too embarrassed by what Dwight had said. Or, maybe the feeling of letting out that much had simply made it impossible for him not to smile about it. “Um, yeah… Thank you,” Kenneth said again. “That was… Um… Very necessary.”

“I’m glad I could help you again,” Dwight said. “And I always will, I promise.”

They left the room after washing up, to be met with Bryce glaring at them rather angrily; “Who in the Hell told you you could lock that door?”

“Um— It was an accident?” Kenneth tried. “Force of habit, because I normally lock the door when I need to—“

“Christ, I’ve been dying out here!” Bryce ranted, working at his belt as he stormed over to one of the urinals. He released a stream and a brief sigh; “And, listening to that… Explosion of water you were letting loose in here was not helpful in the least!”

Kenneth felt his blood run cold, which was strange because the skin all over his body seemed to just ignite in flame.

*017*2021-06-07 20:57

{{41 minutes ago, astralis said:

Fuck, this part in particular was so hot. I loved how their desperation built at the same time; you really capture urgency so well.

Also, idk how you'll feel about this, so if you hate it please feel free to ignore forever, but I've shipped Bryce and Kenneth since the first section of this series. I can tell Bryce is supposed to be the bad guy/bully and I'm not supposed to root for him but I'm always weak for those characters and I love the dynamic they have, it's just [chef's kiss] so deliciously sadistic and unhealthy.

.......I'm gonna go now lol but yeah I just, the feelings haven't gone away and I thought you should know, but again, I know these are your OCs and I don't want to offend or annoy.

}}

Oh, that's totally fine! You are not the first to be interested in them as a pairing. Hopefully this isn't disappointing, but Kenneth/Bryce is not a ship that ever becomes canon, Kenneth/Dwight does eventually; I love fluffy, tender ships and since these two have basically relied on one another since childhood, that makes them perfect OTP material for me, haha. But I do get the appeal of Kenneth/Bryce and why there is interest in it.

*019*2021-06-07 22:45

{{7 minutes ago, astralis said:

Not disappointing at all, they're yours and I see the trend of tender fluff in your fics so I'm not surprised! I'm glad I'm not alone though lmao. When I see both their names in a fic I'm like

Looking forward to more of this 'verse regardless of who ends up together, though!

}}

Heh, I might have to do a story where Bryce and Kenneth end up kind of having some sort of holding contest.

They've both kind of got this thing about wanting to seem powerful and superior, and Bryce just heard how much Kenneth can pee in the last fic...

*021*2021-06-08 20:27

There's kind of a brief reference to masochism here. Not, like, hardcore BDSM stuff, but mentions of a character having an unusual relationship with/interest in pain. The section discussing that is marked in purple if the topic is uncomfortable for you.

After Bryce had finished up in the restroom and gone back to work, he couldn’t stop thinking about how Kenneth apparently had a bladder the size of an oil drum. He and Kenneth had been at odds for so long, nobody could even quite remember who had started their feud or why. Kenneth had been successful at outsmarting Bryce on a few occasions, but Bryce had always taken solace in the fact that he would always be bigger and much, much stronger than twiggy little Kenneth could ever hope to be.

But, apparently, there was one part of Kenneth’s body that was almost freakishly strong. And, Bryce could not get himself to stop thinking about it. The very idea that Kenneth could have him beat nagged at him all day. He couldn’t accept the possibility that Kenneth’s bladder could be even slightly stronger than his own was. He was not going to stand for it; He had to regain his certainty that he was far, far more powerful than Kenneth was in every way.

That night, he struggled to sleep as he tried to come up with a way to prove to this to himself. He eventually came to the conclusion that he’d challenge Kenneth to a little competition. Hopefully, the other would accept. If he didn’t do so right away, Bryce knew that a few well-aimed taunts would provoke his ego well enough.

Bryce was confident he could outlast Kenneth. Sure, he’d overheard Kenneth pissing out what sounded like the entirety of the Caspian Sea, but Bryce had experience with holding it for long periods, too. He knew he could keep a lot in, and he knew that his endurance for pain was high.

Bryce had an odd thing about pain. Not just in inflicting it upon others, but in experiencing it for himself. He’d been fascinated by how discomfort and suffering affected his mind and body, and sometimes he found those affects a little exciting. He’d fantasized sometimes about being captured and tormented in agonizing ways, proving to himself just how much he could tolerate and feeling all the more powerful at the end.

He’d sometimes done things to his body just to prove to himself he could handle them. He’d licked the blades of knives, he’d walked on hot coals, he’d even consented to being whipped rather violently on several occasions. Every time, the pain igniting beneath the top layer of his skin made him tingle, and once it was over and he’d outlasted the hurt, he’d felt like he could conquer the world.

He was sure that simply holding his pee a little longer than Kenneth could wouldn’t even scratch the surface of the things he’d endured and, truthfully, enjoyed.

The next morning, Bryce found Kenneth and Dwight outside of their barrack; “Paulson,” he said. “Was the door to the restroom fixed?”

“Yes,” Kenneth nodded.

“So, you were able to handle yourself easily this morning, I trust?”

“Why are you asking me this?”

“I was just making sure,” Bryce said. “I wanted to be certain that you are feeling well. Am I not allowed to do that?”

“You’re allowed to,” Dwight said. “But, we don’t really trust you. I mean, when Kenneth got Pneumonia last Winter you still told him he had to march in the snow.”

“So?”

“So, I had to go above your head to your superior so that Kenneth wouldn’t die!” Dwight said. “And you think we’ll believe you actually cared if he took a leak this morning or not?”

“Okay,” Bryce said. “You caught me. I was just asking because I wanted to challenge Paulson to a wager, and wanted to make sure it was fair.”

“What wager?” Kenneth asked, eyes lighting. He never turned down an opportunity to remind Bryce that he was a moron.

“I wanted to see which of us could restrain our bladders the longest.”

Kenneth stared at Bryce. He blinked once. Twice. Three times. “That’s vile,” he said finally.

“It’s not,” Bryce corrected, rolling his eyes. “Look, I won’t make you do anything else today— You don’t have to march, you don’t have to stand guard for hours— We’ll just stay in the barrack until you give up.”

Kenneth sighed, “Even if I agreed to this— Which I won’t— I would not be the one to give up. Remember that awful prank you played on me with the door? I did not relieve myself for over twenty hours that day. I doubt you have ever even gotten close to that.”

Bryce hadn’t, but there was a first time for everything. And he was planning for himself and Kenneth to drink quite a lot of water today, so it was unlikely either of them would make it that long. He was disappointed that his first jab at Kenneth’s confidence hadn’t been enough to sway his mind, though. Time to aim a little lower— Literally. “It is impossible for your bladder to be larger than mine is,” Bryce said. “Just look at how tiny you are—You could use a toothpick as walking cane.” Bryce gestured between himself and Kenneth. “I’m over a foot taller than you, everything about me is larger and stronger than your concave, little twig body.”

“I don’t think that’s how it works,” Kenneth said. “And… And, I can hold two liters, we found out! Dwight, tell him!”

Dwight had been looking back and forth between the two as though watching a tennis match, but he stopped now. Kenneth had been mortified when Dwight had informed him he’d managed to fill a two liter bottle up with his piss, how the Hell did it go from an embarrassing little factoid to a point of pride? “Um, yeah, he can…”

Bryce took that in, trying to decide whether or not he believed them. As well as whether or not that was particularly impressive. He didn’t know how much urine a person could usually hold and if two liters was above average, below it, or just pretty much standard. Bryce had also never peed into anything that he could use to measure the amount, so he had no clue how much he could retain. Still, it sounded like Kenneth was caving. “Bullshit,” Bryce said. “A strong breeze would snap you right in half, so there’s no way you can hold that much!”

“But, I can!” Kenneth protested, growing red. “Dwight saw me do it! And, Elizabeth saw the bottle after! Go ask her!”

Okay. Good. He was nice and provoked now… “Prove it, then!”

“Fine! I will!”

***

“I think we should start with three canteens of water,” Bryce said to Dwight. The three were inside the barrack together, and Dwight was reluctantly filling the canteens at the sink. “Like, we’re doing drills. What do you think?”

“I think this is idiotic,” Dwight replied. “Because, Kenneth physically can’t pee if you’re near him, even if he ought to be having an accident.”

“That’s nonsense.”

“It’s not, though,” Dwight said. “You remember when he got the infection? The doctor said his bladder got too full and the urine back-flowed. I’m no medical expert, but I’m pretty sure that means his pee went back up instead of out like it was supposed to. He hurt himself real bad because his body locked itself down so much. So, either you’re going to piss your pants, or Kenneth’s going to damage something; This isn’t gonna end well. Just call this off, and stop egging him on to do this.”

“I don’t care if he breaks his bladder,” Bryce informed.

“Well, I do,” Dwight said. “Seriously, I hate seeing him in pain. Just—“

“If he hurts himself, it’s his own fault for being so stupid he can’t even figure out how to wet his pants.”

“That’s not— That’s— This isn’t his fault,” Dwight said. “He can’t help it.”

Bryce took the canteens and went over to one of the beds where Kenneth was waiting. “Ready to lose, you little twerp?”

“I am not going to lose,” Kenneth said. “But, I am ready to begin.”

Bryce handed a few of the canteens to Kenneth. “Okay, drink these as fast as you can, then!”

Kenneth unscrewed one of the caps.

Dwight sighed and sat down beside Kenneth to watch. He’d decided that if it looked like Kenneth was in too much pain, he would insist on calling the whole thing off, no matter what either of them said.

Over the next couple hours, Kenneth and Bryce continued to drink. Kenneth was the first to show signs of need— Though, only Dwight could tell— as he nibbled on his knuckles nervously.

Shortly thereafter, Bryce began to bounce one of his knees. He wasn’t desperate, and he repeated that fact to himself over and over. No, he wasn’t desperate at all. Just… The open door to the restroom was looking really tempting and he needed to distract himself somehow. He took another sip of water, and commanded Kenneth to do the same.

Kenneth sighed and obeyed. He could feel a few anxious pangs rippling through his abdomen. His morning pee was starting to feel like it had been eons ago. Perhaps he should have stayed at the toilet a moment longer, made extra sure he was completely drained. But, he hadn’t known this was going to happen…

Kenneth did not have an ounce of masochism in his body, unlike Bryce. He did not enjoy being in pain or uncomfortable, it was neither exciting nor triumphant. But, what Kenneth did have was an abnormally high pain threshold. He could endure suffering for long periods of time simply because he’d, unfortunately, been required to get a great deal of practice at it growing up.

So, now, he reminded himself of times he’d been much more desperate to go. He reminded himself that his limit was still miles away. Even if he was getting really uncomfortable, he wasn’t in danger of bursting. The hardest part though was not fidgeting; He couldn’t let on to Bryce that he was feeling anything at all. He was determined to make it appear as though all the water he swallowed was merely evaporating the instant it went down his throat. If Bryce thought that he didn’t need to go at all, then surely as his own urgency built, he would realize it was in his best interest to give up, right?

But… God, it was so hard not to squirm! He moved his legs closer and closer together as slowly as he could, hoping to play it off as totally natural. When he was at last able to squeeze his thighs together, the relief was magnificent. Some of the pressure faded away as he pressed his opening shut between his thighs. He hoped he did not appear too tense, and allowed himself to let out a sigh; Both because it felt so good to be doing something to help keep his urine at bay, and because it would show Bryce how very unbothered he really was.

Bryce heard Kenneth sigh, and saw the relaxed look on his face. What he didn’t notice was how tightly pressed together the other’s legs were. It caused a bit of panic to pound through his chest. How could Kenneth still be so at ease? Bryce was starting to lose his ability to keep still. His leg was still jiggling, and now it was doing so with far more urgency.

He could endure this. He would endure this. Pain was good. Pain made him strong. Just… God, this was really starting to hurt! This awful, intense throbbing pulsating through his most sensitive parts… He stopped bouncing his leg and instead crossed them together. He yawned, tried to pretend he was just getting tired.

Kenneth exhaled another sigh when he noticed Bryce was crossing his legs. Bryce was gonna give up any minute now, surely. Then, Kenneth could not only rub his victory in the bastard’s face, but he could finally go! He wasn’t sure which of those was going to feel best; Getting one over on Bryce was always fun, but his need for relief was getting worse by the minute. He’d drank all that water way too fast, it was moving through him at lightning speed now. It felt like more urine was being deposited into his bladder every second. He gnawed on his knuckles.

Dwight gave Kenneth a concerned look, and removed his hand from his mouth. “You are going to hurt yourself,” he said quietly. And, he didn’t just mean by chewing… Bryce and Kenneth were two of the most stubborn human beings to ever walk the Earth, and they antagonized each other like territorial dogs. Dwight didn’t think either of them would admit defeat until either urine was pooling beneath them, or they needed serious medical attention.

Kenneth tucked his hands beneath his thighs to keep from chewing on them any further. He realized with some dismay that squeezing his legs together wasn’t bringing much relief anymore. He wanted to unclasp his belt, but such an action would surely be noticed by Bryce. There had to be some other, more subtle way, to take some of the edge off.

Squeezing something in his hands sometimes helped him hold it longer… He looked around, but didn’t see anything he could hold onto. Except for… “Ah, you’re right, Dwight. My hand’s really sore now. That’s such an awful habit…” He held one of his hands out. “Did I damage anything?”

Dwight was confused, but took Kenneth’s hand to examine it, only for Kenneth to suddenly grip onto his hand like a boa constrictor. Dwight winced. It hadn’t hurt, Kenneth couldn’t squeeze him that hard, it had just been a bit of a surprise. He realized a second later that Kenneth probably needed to grab something so that he wouldn’t inadvertently grab onto his dick out of pure instinct.

Once the initial surprise wore off, Dwight felt warmth build in his chest. Kenneth was holding his hand… Sure, he was only doing it to try and stave off his desperation a little longer, but still. And, if holding onto Dwight’s hand actually helped him do that, that meant Dwight was comforting him, in a way. The warm feeling inside of his body took on a soft, fuzzy quality. This also helped him monitor how much discomfort his friend was in; Every few seconds, Kenneth would suddenly squeeze him tighter, and Dwight quickly worked out that he must have been doing that whenever his bladder sent him a particularly sharp twinge.

Bryce’s legs were now tucked underneath himself. He couldn’t believe this shit! He felt like he was about to explode! How was Kenneth still so blasted calm!? He inhaled sharply through his nose and let it out through his mouth as he tried very, very hard to get a grip.

He did get a grip a few seconds later. He got a grip on his cock. His hands dove between his legs before he’d even realized what he was doing. Oh God, oh God…No, he couldn’t lose. He was not weaker than Kenneth in any way, shape or form. There was nothing Kenneth could do that Bryce couldn’t do twenty times better.

Kenneth shimmied his legs and his hand clamped itself around Dwight’s like a mouse-trap as he felt a drop collecting on the very edge of his trembling urethra. He shut his eyes tightly for a moment, reminding himself he could do this. Even when he felt the drop seep its way into his boxers, he continued to tell himself that he could handle it. He forced a smile at Bryce’s hunched, desperately twisted body. “G—Getting a little uncomfortable, Bryce? Is there a break you would like to take soon?”

Bryce forced himself to straighten out a little, he allowed his feet to return to the floor and inched them apart little by little, ignoring the little trickle of urine the motion prompted. He could not, however, release his dick. “It… Has not even crossed my mind yet, Paulson.” He knew how ludicrous his claim was, anyone who looked at him would be able to tell he needed a urinal very badly…

Kenneth, naturally, didn’t buy it. He was about to retort with something, but was interrupted by a spurt of pee escaping his own bladder. Dwight almost did make a sound when Kenneth’s grip on him tightened that time. Kenneth managed to cut off his flow a second later, but could feel an alarming amount of dampness encasing his length.

Kenneth just hoped Bryce hadn’t heard anything.

Bryce had, though. He’d heard the soft hiss of liquid beginning to soak his opponent’s clothing. He realized that, perhaps, this wasn’t over. Kenneth wasn’t any less desperate for a pee than he was, he was merely better at hiding it. This knowledge gave Bryce a big enough boost in confidence that he gingerly removed his hands from between his tight thighs. He could still win this thing.

He took a few stabilizing breaths, adjusting to having to contain himself without the aid of his hands once more. Breathing had become a bit painful, he realized. His skin was stretching itself over the round, distended curve of his bladder. He unclasped his belt, and released an exaggerated sigh; “Ahhhh… That feels much better! I can wait a lot longer now!”

Kenneth shuddered as he saw Bryce remove the pressure of his belt from his bladder. He looked a lot more relaxed now, and the sigh that had come from his lips had sounded so at ease… Kenneth could only imagine how great the release of the strap had felt, his bladder being granted that extra tiny bit of space…

Hss!

A two second spurt of urine sprayed from Kenneth’s tip and, panicked, he let go of Dwight’s hand to unfasten his own belt. The second the awful, tight thing stopped pressing itself into his bloated bladder, Kenneth felt like he was in Heaven. “Ahhhh…” he exhaled. “Y—You’re right. That is a lot better,” he added, trying to play it off.

Kenneth went straight from Heaven to Hell when Bryce handed him a canteen. “You never finished your last drink,” Bryce pointed out. “Gotta keep this fair…”

Kenneth grimaced, but took the water and began to force it down his throat. As implausible as it was, it felt like his bladder filled more and more with each swallow. Like, the water wasn’t even being processed, it just went straight from his throat to his bladder. His sphincters burned, his holding muscles screamed. His eyes fixated on the door to the toilet.

God… He could actually see the toilet from where he was sitting… He cringed, and shut his eyes against the image, scissoring his legs together. He’d given up on looking nonchalant, he couldn’t pretend that he wasn’t bursting anymore. His hands went right between his legs and he gave himself a badly needed squeeze.

“You look like you’re about to have an accident,” Bryce noted. The statement was a bit hilarious coming from someone who looked like they were on the verge of doing the exact same thing. Had Dwight not been so concerned by the clear pain on Kenneth’s face, he would have laughed.

About an hour passed in this fashion. Bryce and Kenneth managed to keep themselves right at the very edge of soaking the bed they were sitting on. They squirmed and fidgeted like they were covered in ants. They let out several, very undignified sounding whimpers. Their bodies became soaked in sweat, their legs glued themselves together, and they held their dicks for dear life. But, neither of them would concede defeat.

Dwight wanted to call it off, to insist that Bryce leave, and that Kenneth go relieve himself while he was gone. He didn’t care what happened to Bryce after he’d been thrown out, he only cared that Kenneth didn’t hurt himself. His heart twisted almost as much as Kenneth’s legs had.

Dwight didn’t think they were to the point that Kenneth’s health was in danger, though. He’d repeatedly asked Kenneth if he was feeling pain in his back— When Kenneth had gotten the infection, he’d been in tears, crying that he needed to pee so badly his back hurt, so Dwight assumed that was a sign he was hurting himself. Kenneth had insisted he wasn’t feeling that pain yet, however.

Kenneth had been telling the truth. There was no pain in his back. Only in his bladder. But, good God was that pain ever intense! He had actually ceased squirming, just sat there with his legs tangled ridiculously and his hands kneading his crotch as he took the shortest, most shallow breaths he could manage. Simply breathing too deeply would cause more dribbles to force their way down his shaft. His eyes were shut tight, his face pinched and full of agony. All he could think about was peeing. All he could think about was unzipping, yanking himself free, and letting everything loose at last. It would feel so wonderful, all that awful, horrible tightness that had been stretching inside him all day diminishing little by little until he felt nothing but light, glorious emptiness. He’d just tug his zip down, and go and go and go, and it would—

HSSSSSSSS!

He was startled from his daydream by a loud rush of liquid that quickly became the only thing he could hear; It was the only thing that existed anymore. No, no! He couldn’t be— He couldn’t be having an accident! No! Stop! He clutched himself tighter and tighter, his legs wrapping together more and more, and—

He realized after a couple seconds that his hands and the area around his crotch did not feel soaked at all. More importantly, his bladder was still throbbing with need, still trying to force its way passed the small ring of muscles keeping its contents inside.

He wasn’t peeing…

Bryce was.

“Ah! Oh my God!” Bryce exclaimed, bolting up to his feet. “Fuck!” He scurried to the restroom as fast as he could. He actually forced himself to run, he was already pissing full-force, trying to move slow would do nothing but ensure more of it ended up in his clothes. He slammed the door shut and tugged down his zipper, pulling his gushing, wet member free from the confines of his already soaked clothes. A spatter of piss hit the rim of the toilet as he aimed, his waters spurting unrestrained into the bowl with a loud, resounding spray that just would not stop.

As the relief crashed down onto him, so too did dismay; He’d lost. Kenneth had held it longer than he had. Kenneth was better than him at something. Unacceptable. Something had to be done. He thought of Kenneth out there, still miserably holding back his flood, and thought of something he could do;

“Ahhhhhhh….” Bryce moaned as loudly as he could. “Ohhhhhhh…. Yesss…. That feeels soooo goooood…”

Outside the restroom, still clutching himself on the bed, all Kenneth could hear was Bryce’s uproarious groaning and the distinct, impossible to ignore hiss of his pee splashing into the toilet. Kenneth whimpered at the sounds, he was about to tear open! A slow, unstoppable drizzle seeped into his boxers, and he felt his hands growing damp as he tried to make it stop. “Nnnnhhh!”

Dwight rubbed his back, “Kenneth, it’s okay. You won this stupid game. Just hold it one more minute.”

Bryce just kept pouring though, with more relieved sighing than necessary, while Kenneth fought to avoid doing the exact same thing in his pants. “I can’t! I can’t anymore!”

Dwight looked around frantically, seeing the dark patch forming over Kenneth’s crotch. “Okay… Okay… Let’s…” He then felt like smacking himself. “Got it!” He opened one of the canteens Kenneth and Bryce had drained over the course of the day. It was probably gonna take more than one of these to contain everything Kenneth had inside him, but there were plenty scattered over the bed. “You can—“

Kenneth was fighting with his zip already, his hands shaking so much he could barely grasp it. Still, more pee was trickling out of him. “I can’t— I can’t—“

Dwight thought fast. It was maybe a little uncomfortable, but… “May I?”

“Yes!”

Dwight took Kenneth’s zip and tugged it down easily, he readied the canteen as Kenneth got his still leaking cock out and positioned it at the opening. As soon as he was lined up, his bladder just gave up. Pee spattered the metal container so loudly it was almost painful to Kenneth’s embarrassed ears. The moan he gave a second later did little to help with his humiliation. “Ohhhhhhhhh….” His eyelids fluttered and he felt almost lightheaded.

As the first canteen grew fuller and fuller, Dwight told Kenneth he was gonna have to hold back for a second. Kenneth managed to restrain himself to a few pulsing dribbles, but that was it. Dwight moved fast and got the second container where it needed to be in record time. Good thing, too, because Kenneth was gushing for all he was worth again before Dwight could even tell him it was okay.

This one filled quite quickly too, and Dwight moved on to the third. He was beginning to get worried that maybe there weren’t enough canteens here after all… Hopefully Bryce would be done soon, and Kenneth could finish up in the toilet.

Sure enough, the toilet in the other room flushed and Bryce came out; “WHAT IN GOD’S NAME ARE YOU DOING!?” he exclaimed upon seeing Kenneth ‘refilling’ the canteens.

Unlike when Dwight had told him to hold back a moment so he could get him an empty container, when Bryce startled Kenneth, he clamped off completely. “I—I— Um…”

“We need those, you idiot! Don’t make a mess of them!”

Kenneth’s urethra burned and stung, and a pulse of piss spattered the canteen Dwight was still holding against Kenneth’s will.

“Can you yell at him in a minute?” Dwight asked. “He’s not finished yet.”

Kenneth’s face went bright pink, and deepened to a furious red when another long spurt of pee sprayed the canteen.

“Stop it!” Bryce ordered.

“I can’t!” Kenneth cried, feeling horribly embarrassed. The next time he lost it, it was only a few drops.

“Now!” Bryce barked.

Kenneth gripped himself once more, trying to pinch himself closed as he fought to get to his feet. He fumbled and stumbled for the restroom and locked the door, losing a few more leaks on the way. He released his tight hold on his dick and allowed his body to resume draining. “Ahhhh….” Now that he was in the right place and Bryce wasn’t yelling at him, he started to almost shiver with the pleasure of relief.

Outside, Bryce was looking at the canteens Kenneth had defiled. “Holy shit…” Bryce said.

“We’re very sorry,” Dwight said. “It was either that, or the bed.”

“He filled two and a half of those things and still wasn’t done?!” Bryce asked. He hated to admit it, but he didn’t think he could manage to do that.

“Um, yeah. Maybe don’t talk about it when he gets back, though?”

Kenneth finished up his pee, an almost violent shudder running down his spine. He washed up and stared at himself in the mirror. He could not believe he’d let Bryce see him piss into a canteen… Holy fuck…

A second later however, he realized that he’d won the contest! He’d held it longer than Bryce could! He’d proven that at least one part of his body was stronger and tougher than Bryce’s was! He felt a surge of confidence, the embarrassment fading as he left the restroom.

“I won!” Kenneth declared to Bryce. “Told you I could hold two liters!”

Bryce looked at the canteens, tried to add up how much they held, and to estimate how much Kenneth released into the toilet afterwards… “Well, you’re still an idiot,” Bryce informed after a moment. He looked down at himself, there was a huge wet patch over his crotch and trailing down his leg. Unfortunately, he didn’t stay in this barrack, so he didn’t have anything to change into for his walk back… “Could I borrow one of your uniforms?”

“Oh, but I thought I was just too small and twiggy compared to you?” Kenneth asked.

“It… Will be a little tight,” Bryce admitted. “But—“

“No,” Kenneth said.

“I’ll loan you some of my clothes,” Dwight said.

“Dwight, no!” Kenneth whined. “He’s a jerk!”

“Yes,” Dwight agreed. “But, he’s also in charge of us, and if we make him walk around in piss-soaked clothes he’s probably going to make us march back and forth somewhere for fifteen hours straight.”

“I was planning on seventeen,” Bryce corrected. “But, yes. I was going to do that.”

After Bryce had changed and left, Kenneth turned to Dwight; “I sure showed him!”

“You— Ugh…” Dwight sighed. “At least you didn’t hurt yourself.” He put an arm around Kenneth’s shoulder and rubbed. “Feeling better?”

“Much better,” Kenneth said.

“Guess I’ll rinse out the canteens you… Uh… ‘used’,” Dwight said.

Kenneth blushed, “Uh… Yeah. Sorry about that… Um… Thanks for… For thinking of them, though. That could have gone a lot worse.”

“You’re welcome,” Dwight said. He looked down at his hand, remembering the warm, amazingly soft feeling of Kenneth squeezing it so tightly. “Thanks for…” he trailed off.

“For what?”

“For… For, um… Letting me loan Bryce my clothes so we wouldn’t get into trouble,” Dwight finished lamely.

Edited June 8, 2021 by segaface (see edit history)

*023*2021-06-09 16:42

{{18 hours ago, astralis said:

My birthday came three months and one day early!!!!!! I was so excited when I checked and saw the notification omg this was great. Love that Bryce lost control first, I was really hoping he would lol... this was super hot, thanks for sharing

}}

I'm very glad you enjoyed!
