Unlucky 13; The Roommate Tales

Author: Spurgle

*010*2022-05-11 18:37

Part 2.

Minttu goes To The Library

Outside the bathroom door Minttu could hear a faint commotion and wondered what on earth her roommate was doing in there, it sounded like she was splashing in a bath except they didn’t have a bath. But the thought didn’t linger long as Minttu was reminded of her own need to use the bathroom. Minttu had been watching tv for hours and had neglected the chance to empty her bladder, she was lazy like this and would often behave in this way. But now, hearing her roommate splashing in the bathroom, her mind was brought back to her bladder and the small wet spot which had begun forming in her underwear almost an hour ago. She wanted to knock on the door to ask how long Emma was going to be but she didn’t think she would receive an adequate answer so she just returned to her room and began watching her show again.

Minttu was a tall young woman with a petite frame, green eyes, long red hair and a perfectly round bum. She was devilishly attractive but she never realised just how beautiful she was and so she was always dressed in sensible, modest clothing. Tonight, she was wearing a white tank top, no bra, grey cotton bottoms pulled up high and white Hanes briefs which gave her huge panty lines. She had no plans to go anywhere and was expecting no company save for Emma, so she settled in to watch TV.

Minttu tried her best to ignore the faint commotion in the bathroom but it was difficult, she was curious as to what was going on in there but more than that, she needed to pee and the urgency to do so was increasing rapidly. A wet spot had begun to form in her white knickers almost one hour ago and the wet spot had steadily grown as the minutes had whittled away. A dribble here, a trickle there, this was all quite normal for Minttu, she was lazy and saw no problem in using her underwear as a makeshift toilet until she could be bothered to go to a real toilet. But now she needed a real toilet, unknowingly to her the wet spot had grown tremendously and was now visible on her grey bottoms.

“Damn it” she cursed aloud when she realised.

She then stood up and examined herself in the full body mirror and a small wet patch was visible bridging a gap between the two sides of her crotch. She pulled down her grey bottoms, exposing her white Hanes briefs, which were stained dark at her crotch. She pulled her bottoms over her ankles and put them to one side and then grabbed a pair of black cotton bottoms from the wardrobe and then the bathroom door opened.

Emma stepped out of the bathroom with a bundle of pissy clothes cradled in her arms. To her left she could see Minttu hurriedly pulling up a pair of black cotton bottoms over a pair of stained white knickers.

Wetting herself again, Emma thought to herself upon seeing her roommate in her pee-stained underwear.

“How was your shower?” Minttu asked in a friendly but slightly flushed manner, Minttu’s cheeks were red and Emma suspected it was because she had caught her in pee-stained underwear.

“Not bad” Emma answered directly “do you need to go in?” Emma asked knowingly.

“I’m good” Minttu replied evenly.

Emma said nothing but just smiled in reply but internally she cursed her friend as a liar.

“What are you up to now?” Minttu asked.

“I’ll throw my dirty gym clothes in the laundry basket and then I’m going to flop onto my bed and stay there for many days” Emma answered grandly and her roommate laughed “what about you?” Emma asked in return.

“I’m watching my show, it’s hard to pull myself away, it’s building to a crescendo” Minttu answered passionately.

“Lucky you” Emma replied and then smiled and walked to her room, dumping her gym clothes in the laundry basket before closing her bedroom door behind her.

Minttu watched Emma walk away and then glanced at the laundry basket, she could smell urine but was unsure if it was her own scent or her roommates.

I’ll find out later, she told herself and then returned to her room.

The two of them had been friends for just under two years now and through living in such proximity they had formed a strong bond. However, it was not always like this, because, when they had first met Emma was very unsure of her future roommate, Minttu came across as aloof and lazy and Emma took an immediate dislike to the young woman. But as time went on and they spent more time together, Emma came to understand that what she had at first thought was aloofness was not aloofness at all but rather a crushing shyness. Minttu lacked confidence and upon first meeting a new person, she withdrew into herself and it was only time that gradually brought out her true personality, and as Emma now knew, Minttu was a bright and fun person to be around. They had spent many an hour together and they often teased each other relentlessly, Emma would lament her roommate’s laziness and in return, Minttu would tease Emma on her seemingly poor taste in men.

But it was now Emma’s turn to do some teasing. She knew well enough what she had seen, it was abundantly clear that her roommate had peed in her underwear and she had no intention of going to the toilet. She didn’t find this terribly unusual, because after all, she knew her roommate was bone idle and she had encountered her roommates pee-stained underwear several times before but she wondered how much longer she would procrastinate before finally going to the toilet.

Fifteen minutes, she guessed.

Minttu returned to her show but her mind was fixated on how close Emma had come to catching her peeing in her underwear, too close, she thought to herself. But the thought did not last long as she was still too occupied with her need to pee. She had changed into the black bottoms because they would allow her more time before she had to go to the toilet and besides, she had to wait a reasonable amount of time because she had just denied any need to go.

Fifteen, maybe twenty minutes she thought to herself as a trickle of urine soaked into her underwear, she was debating how long to wait before going to the toilet. She was not urinating on purpose, but neither was she making any effort to stop herself and so, whenever her bladder felt like it, a trickle of urine would flow gently from her vagina and be absorbed by her underwear. Minttu counted the minutes off one by one and when she got to thirteen, she resigned to go to the toilet, she stood up and dabbed a hand over the crotch of her black bottoms, they were wet but a quick glance in the mirror confirmed that the black material was doing an excellent job of hiding the wetness.

Never mind, she thought to herself, “I can wait longer.”

So, she returned to her bed and carried on just as she had for the last hour. She counted the minutes again and she decided that at sixteen, she would go to the toilet. For the next sixteen minutes her bladder intermittently released trickles, dribbles and the occasional spurt of warm urine into her increasingly sodden underwear, she liked the warm feeling that encompassed her crotch and she didn’t want it to end. Nonetheless, as she counted sixteen, she resigned herself to a toilet visit and lazily pulled herself to her feet, and as she did so she cursed herself, because she had peed through her bottoms and onto her bedsheet. A stream of urine ran down her legs as she stood up, soaked into her socks and then trickled into the carpet. She walked carefully towards the bathroom; she was no longer urinating but she was unsure just how much longer that would be so she moved carefully but swiftly.

Emma came out of her room to get a snack from the kitchen. She was now starving and so she planned to make some pasta, but first she needed to pee. She opened her bedroom door to see Minttu heading in the same direction, she was wearing black cotton bottoms which seemed to weigh heavy around the crotch area.

“Going the same way as me” Emma asked jokingly.

“I am” Minttu replied with a smile.

Emma could smell urine but she was unsure if the smell emanated from her own clothing that she unceremoniously dumped in the laundry basket or from Minttu, she suspected both. She looked Minttu up and down and noticed that her socks were wet at the upper edges, definitely Minttu, she thought to herself.

“Gymnastics went well” Emma started slowly “I was a bit weak but I still gave a good account of myself” Emma spoke slowly and she noticed her roommate was barely listening and seemed irritated by the whole conversation.

Minttu shuffled uncomfortably and Emma suspected her roommate was in dire need of using a toilet, serves her right, she thought to herself. Emma’s opinion was that her roommate had brought this upon herself and therefore had little sympathy for the young woman and whilst she did not want to embarrass her friend, she was content to let her squirm for a little while longer. It’s true, if Minttu was not so lazy she would not be in the predicament she now found herself in and Emma, with her own genuine accident so recently etched in her memory, was unwilling to offer any leniency for her friends’ current discomfort.

“I think I will spend some extra time this week working on my core and lifting some weights, I want to be able to master the hoops next week” she spoke deliberately and she could see her roommate was becoming more uncomfortable with every passing second.

“That sounds like a plan” Minttu replied and quickly added “but anyway” she trailed off with her eyes looking at the bathroom door.

“Yes yes, sorry to hold you up” Emma replied.

Minttu smiled and entered the bathroom, closing the door firmly behind her and after ensuring she had locked it, she pulled down her damp bottoms and wet underwear and emptied her bladder into the toilet. She sat still and listened to her pee splash into the water below, she had been desperate to pee and so she was disappointed at how little pee left her body. Then, with both hands she gently grasped the waist band of her underwear, which were draped around her knees and stretched the material outwards and away from the toilet. She peered at the darkened material and followed the wet material from the crotch to the rear of the gusset and pondered whether she should change. She thought for a moment and then decided there was no point, they’re not that bad, she thought to herself and with that, she stood without wiping so a few more drops of urine soaked into the cotton, pulled up her bottoms, flushed the toilet and left the bathroom.

Minttu was watching her show again and was feeling marvellously relaxed, she was coming to the end of the season and was engrossed in the story. Her room was dark and her tv screen burned bright, casting a multihued glow around the untidy room. On the floor lay clothes, video game boxes and all kinds of other discarded junk, her room was untidy and were it not for Emma it would be dirty too, but Emma made a habit of cleaning Minttu’s room every so often so it would not spiral out of control. Then, out of nowhere her tv show was interrupted by a strange whirring sound emanating from the bathroom, she paused her show to try and ascertain what the sound was but after a moment she realised it was the washing machine. She stood up and left her room to confirm her suspicions and she was correct; Emma had started a load of washing.

Damn her, she thought to herself ruefully, as Emma was washing her earlier accident away.

“Is it not a bit late for that?” Minttu asked somewhat brusquely and Emma was taken aback by her roommate’s tone.

“It’s only eleven PM” Emma said humorously “we’ve both done washing later than this before, besides I need some clothes clean for tomorrow” she lied.

Minttu frowned but realised she was beaten.

“You could have at least asked me if I needed any washing doing” Minttu replied tartly.

“I’m sorry, I just didn’t think” Emma lied again.

Minttu shrugged.

“Guess I’ll do my own tomorrow” she said airily and then without a further word, she returned to her bedroom and the delights of her tv show.

It was now well into the early hours and Emma could hear Minttu snoring in her own room, she never was a night owl, she thought to herself. In truth, Emma was not a night owl herself and, more often than not she would fall asleep many hours before her roommate but tonight she just couldn’t relax, she suspected her body was still full of adrenaline. She tried her best to lose herself in tv and then a video game but something was nagging at her and she was unable to focus. She thought back to her roommate’s behaviour earlier in the night and the smell of urine that hung in the air and decided she had to know, one way or the other if the smell was from her own gym clothes or if it was her roommate who fouled the apartments’ air. She crept to her bedroom door on tiptoes eager not to wake her friend and then gently turned the handle to open the light wooden door.

She stopped for a moment to listen for any sounds of life coming from Minttu’s room and after hearing nothing except snoring, she crept to the laundry basket and began rummaging. At first, she found nothing out of the ordinary, just a jumble of assorted laundry but then she spotted a pair of grey joggers which she was sure Minttu had been wearing when she left for her gymnastics class. She carefully lifted the bottoms out of the basket and at first inspection, they seemed perfectly ordinary but upon a closer inspection and a sniff test she picked up the scent of urine from the crotch of the bottoms.

Buoyed by her discovery, she fiddled around some more in the wicker basket but she found nothing unusual, but then, with one last thrust of her arm, her hand struck a cold wet material. She reached down and pulled the garment out of the basket and the smell of stale urine filled her nostrils. Just as she suspected, she congratulated herself. She spent a few moments inspecting the darkened material around the crotch and gusset and wondered how someone could be so lazy. She considered that for a moment and then decided she didn’t really care; it didn’t affect her so why should she pay it any mind. So, she slipped the garment back to the bottom of the basket and went back to her room.

Monday morning Emma was having her breakfast, a delicious feast of pancakes, bacon, eggs and plentiful coffee. She felt tired cause she had not slept well for the last couple of nights and she dreamt forlornly of a break from her university studies and the chance to spend a week doing nothing except to lie in the sun on a sandy beach with blue waves lapping at her feet. The thought was as inviting as it was realistic, maybe next year, she thought ruefully. Just then the apartment door opened and a moment later a haggard looking Minttu stepped into her sights, her hair was loose and wild and she was dressed in a black leather jacket, a smart black top underneath and a dark brown skirt.

A strong scent of fragrant perfume filled the air and Emma recoiled from the smell, it was much too early for such things, she thought. Minttu flicked off her shoes and without a word wandered into her bedroom and she was gone for a good few minutes and Emma began to wonder if she had gone straight to bed, but then, Minttu returned wearing only a black bra and a pair of high waisted black cotton shorts and judging by the pantyline, Emma thought, some big knickers underneath. Minttu flopped on the sofa in the living room, Emma could see her clearly from the kitchen as the sofa was in the direct eyeline of the kitchen, she looked haggard and suspected she had been drinking the night before.

“Busy night?” Emma asked teasingly.

“I’m just tired” Minttu replied “I didn’t sleep well” she said honestly.

“Drinking?” Emma asked.

“Just a little” Minttu lied. She had been drinking heavily and she was feeling rough and hungover.

“What are your plans today” Emma asked.

“Sitting on this sofa” was the reply.

Emma shrugged and returned to her breakfast.

Minttu’s head was spinning and she was battling not to throw up, she had been drinking for most of the previous night and she was now regretting it. She couldn’t remember much of the night before but she thought that she had enjoyed herself, she seemed to remember herself on a boat and singing on a small stage but she couldn’t be sure if it was real or just a dream. She needed a shower; her hair was wild and she felt unclean, she had thought a change of clothes would make her feel better but it had made no difference, she still felt terrible.

“Can you bring me some coffee please” Minttu asked Emma politely.

Emma grumbled to herself and lamented her roommate’s laziness but nonetheless she delivered her a hot mug of coffee.

“Your coffee, your Highness” Emma said grandly and gave a mock bow.

“I would say thank you, but I don’t know how to address a servant” Minttu joked.

Emma laughed, bowed again and backed away slowly as if her friend was royalty, Minttu laughed and grandly gestured for her servant to be at ease, both girls giggled.

Minttu sipped the hot coffee and gasped audibly at the delightful caffeine hit she had been craving for the last half an hour. She was exhausted and she could hardly be bothered to watch tv so instead she just scrolled her phone looking for something interesting.

An hour later it was eleven am and Emma decided to get dressed for the day, she picked out a comfortable outfit consisting of an oversized band shirt, black leggings, no bra, pink pineapple decorated socks and a pair of white bikini knickers which were printed with bananas. Minttu was still slouched on the sofa and had not moved an inch since returning home, she was building herself up to go in the shower but she still couldn’t find the energy but she knew she had to shower eventually. She could hear Emma talking on the phone but she couldn’t make out the words, she hoped she was going out so she could get some peace and quiet and as it turned out, her wish was granted.

“My dad is here” Emma announced as she was putting her shoes on “he’s taking me and mum to look at his new business premises. You can come if you want?” Emma asked sarcastically, knowing full well Minttu would not want to go, hell, she thought, she didn’t want to go herself.

Minttu smiled upon hearing that she would get some peace and quiet and then asked how long she was going to be out, maybe all day was the reply that came and Minttu smiled again.

“Have a good one” Minttu said happily

“I’ll do my best” Emma replied gravely.

Then the door slammed and she was gone.

After the door slammed Minttu grunted and raised herself to her feet, her legs felt heavy and her eyes even heavier. She walked to the full body mirror in the hall, there were two such mirrors in the apartment, one in the hall and one in Minttu’s room, she was still beautiful but she looked and felt rough. She twirled so her back was facing the mirror and marvelled at her own bum, perfect like a peach she thought and then dropped her black shorts to reveal her knickers.

They were light green with a neon green frilly trim, hipster cut and framed her bum perfectly, they were fresh on just an hour ago and they felt crisp and clean, a far cry from what she had been wearing for the last two days and this was because, since changing from her white Hanes on Friday night Minttu had not changed her underwear at all and they were now on her bedroom floor awaiting a much-needed wash. For the last two days the pair of dark blue high cut briefs that now lay sprawled on her bedroom flaw had been urinated in countless times, they were heavily stained and unless covered by copious amounts of perfume, smelled strongly of stale urine. But it was the events of this morning that forced her to finally change her underwear.

This morning Minttu woke up heavily hungover in a friends’ apartment. Her head was thumping, she felt terribly nauseous and from the waist down she was freezing cold. She brought herself round enough to realise that she had fallen asleep with her head over the toilet and then a moment later realised she was bursting to pee, and then, from the warm liquid spilling from her crotch, realised she had already started to pee.

She clambered onto the toilet and pulled her knickers down and emptied her bladder into the toilet, making a thunderous splash as she did so. The apartment was silent except for her pee thundering into the bowl below, she checked her phone and the time was four AM and she had messages from her friends explaining that she was too drunk to carry on drinking, so, they had left her in the apartment and then left her there alone. A quick look around the apartment confirmed that they still had not returned. She then went back to the bathroom and fell asleep on the cold ceramic floor and it was there that she woke up six hours later in a puddle of cold urine.

She did not remember wetting herself in her sleep but she was grateful that she had chosen to sleep in the bathroom and not on the sofa. She was soaked from her waist to her thighs, her underwear was completely soaked and cold urine seemed to emanate from every inch of the dark blue cotton. She checked her skirt, expecting it to be damaged too but miraculously it appeared as if she had fallen asleep with her skirt raised well above her lower torso. She hauled herself to her feet and cold urine dripped from her saturated underwear, she considered taking a shower but she wanted to be long gone before her friend returned home, which even then at ten AM, he had not, so she didn’t and instead doused herself in perfume and took an uncomfortable and chilly walk home.

She walked into her room and threw her black shorts onto her bed, it was an underwear only day, she decided. Her ruined blue knickers were in a little plastic bag half hidden under a pile of clothes and when she untied the bag the smell of pee was overwhelming, she wondered how perfume could be so strong as to hide such a scent but then without considering anything further she threw them in the washing machine and along with a few other bits and pieces she set the machine away.

The machine whirred away in the background as Minttu watched the tv. The machine had been on thirty minutes so it would be done in another hour. She was sipping coffee and snacking on popcorn, she was totally relaxed and without a care in the world, she was in full lazy mode. Hot coffee was tearing through her system and warm urine was already dampening her underwear, but Minttu did not notice, she was engrossed in her movie and besides, she was resolved not to move until the washing was finished.

Time flew by in a daze. She was blissfully unaware of anything other than the movie she was watching and her daze was only broken when the washing machine blared loudly to signal that her laundry was done. She quickly snapped back to reality and paused her movie. Her crotch was warm and wet and just as she sat forward to stand up a burst of warm pee flowed forth and dribbled onto the laminate floor below. She looked down to see her light green knickers were now a darker shade of green all around her crotch and then frowned a little because she had not realised that she had peed at all until just now. She walked to the bathroom and a tiny trail of pee followed her along the floor.

Her relief was tangible as she emptied her swollen bladder. She had not realised how desperate she had become and so she was surprised by the ferocity of the urine which now poured from her body. She glanced briefly at the dark green material, which betrayed her laziness so eloquently and shrugged. They’re fine, she told herself, so without wiping she pulled her damp knickers back up and so shrouding her vagina in a warm cocoon, but then remembered her need to shower so with a grunt, she slid them down again and enjoyed a warm shower.

Emma returned home late. So late in fact, that the sun had set many hours earlier. She had not anticipated being out this late but, after viewing her dad’s new business premises, her and her parents had then visited other family members and afterwards, her and her parents had eaten dinner together at a local restaurant. This was a rare treat, as a student she could not afford such luxuries, but her parents are wealthy, so when such opportunities arrive, she is always grateful. But now, she was tired and was ready to crawl into bed.

“Where is this new business place, Timbuktu?” Minttu called out humorously from her own bedroom.

“Felt like it” Emma said “we visited family afterwards and then went for dinner”

They then chatted for a little while and Minttu fawned enviously at her roommate’s luxurious upmarket dinner.

“Bed now, is it?” Minttu asked as the conversation ebbed away.

“I’m burnt out” Emma started tiredly “I’m going to have a quick shower and then bed”. Emma then left the room without a word. She undressed quickly, leaving a pile of clothes in a corner outside the bathroom door and then began her ablutions.

Minttu watched her roommate leave her bedroom, glimpsing her roommates pert bum and pantylines as she did so. I don’t think she owns a single thong, Minttu thought to herself. Then she heard the bathroom door close and soon after the sound of water spraying from the shower. She stood up slowly as if she was a cat burglar and crept towards the bathroom door. Emma’s clothes were in the corner just outside the bathroom door and Minttu noticed them immediately.

She was curious. She carefully fumbled through the garments until she found her quarry, her roommates’ underwear. They were white bikini knickers printed with bananas and Minttu thought they were adorable. She fiddled the garment in her fingers until she found the crotch. The material there was slightly darker than the rest of the garment but she did not know if this was from excessive way or for another reason. She brought her roommates underwear to her nose and sniffed. At first, a sweet pungent aroma filled her nostrils and she was ready to drop the garment and walk away but then another smell assailed her senses and she recognised it well. She sniffed for a second time and confirmed her discovery.

She watered her bananas, Minttu thought to herself.

The next morning Minttu’s alarm sounded at six AM. She was startled by the sound and did not want to get out of bed. She considered if it was all worth it, would I not be better just staying in bed, she thought to herself. But, with considerable angst she climbed from her bed sheets. Her day was a busy one. She had planned to spend the first hours of the day studying at home and then later go to the library to study there. She trudged to the kitchen and began to brew coffee, this was always the first part of her day, coffee came before anything else. She watched the water drip slowly through the coffee laden paper and then trickle steadily into the pot below.

The warm liquid splashed gently against the solid surface below. The process lasted about five minutes and Minttu enjoyed watch the pot slowly fill with coffee. As the last drops splashed, she stood and went to the bathroom. She was desperate to pee, she had been since she had woken up, but coffee always came first. She shut the bathroom door behind her and lowered her underwear. She inspected the pad which she had slipped into the crotch before going to sleep the previous evening and felt grateful she had done so. Minttu was not a bed wetter, but she tended to leak in her sleep, so on occasion she would wear pads in her underwear. Last night was one of those nights. The pad was stained yellow and she knew she had peed during the night.

She removed the pad and discarded it discreetly into the little silver bin in the corner. She was yet to dress for the day and was wearing only the green knickers she had worn for the last twenty-four hours and an old black bra. Her knickers were stained with urine and it was obvious to see but she did not care, she knew Emma would not be awake for hours yet.

Emma stirred from her slumber at ten thirty AM. She was well rested and felt refreshed after a previously tiring day. She had slept in short cotton pyjama bottoms and a soft long night shirt and her banana underwear from the previous day. She spent several minutes playing on her phone before climbing out of bed and walking to the kitchen for breakfast.

Minttu was sat on a kitchen chair sipping coffee with her head buried in books and papers. She was still undressed and her hair was untidy. Her back was to Emma but nonetheless, Minttu called a greeting as she heard her roommate approaching.

“Been there long?” Emma asked.

“Since I woke up. What time is it?” Minttu asked.

“Ten thirty” Emma replied.

“I should have been at the library by now” Minttu complained “suppose I’ll get dressed and set off soon then”

Emma was now seated to Minttu’s right and as her roommate stood up her eyes were aligned perfectly with Minttu’s crotch. Minttu stretched to the sky, seemingly oblivious that her urine-stained crotch was just in front of her roommates’ eyes. Emma glanced in astonishment. She knew her roommate could be careless, but this seemed extraordinary. She wondered whether she should say anything but quickly decided against it and looked away sharply, pretending to read one of Minttu’s books, to save her friend from embarrassment. Then without a word, Minttu walked away.

Minttu arrived at the library shortly after midday. She was dressed casually, wearing a thin grey hoodie, a knee length shirt, pink trainers and the same green underwear she had worn since the previous day. She had requisitioned several books from the librarian and then began trawling through the dour tomes in search of the wisdom they will help her graduate. The work was boring but she knew it must be done if she was to graduate. She had ordered some juice from the small café that sat perched on an upper tier if the cavernous room and was sipping at it as she worked. The words seemed to make no sense. The letters seemed jumbled in her head; she knew this was not going to be a good day for her academic ambitions. An hour passed slowly and she had made no progress, bugger it, she thought angrily. She had tried her best but she knew she could do no more. She stood and walked to the librarian who was sat typing on a computer behind a large wooden counter.

“Excuse me” Minttu asked quietly “can you tell me where the toilets are?”

The librarian, a young woman around the same age as Minttu grimaced slightly.

“I’m sorry” the librarian started softly “but the toilets are out of order, there are signs on the doors at the entrance”

Minttu cursed herself. She had seen the notices but had not bothered to read them. She cured herself again.

“That’s okay, thank you” Minttu said politely and walked away.

She walked back to her desk as easily as she could, she needed to pee urgently but she didn’t want that to be known publicly. Her underwear was warm and wet, she had been dribbling into her underwear for the last half an hour and she knew she had to find a toilet urgently to avoid wetting herself. She considered her options. Home was not a long way, but she estimated she would not make it, she was too desperate for that. She knew nothing of the pubs and bars around that part of town and she didn’t want to gamble her dignity so she shunned the idea. She was slowly gathering her books and papers. She crossed her legs and clamped them together hard and it helped but she could hardly walk home like that. Her thighs felt wet against her leaky crotch. Another dribble soaked into her underwear. Then she had an idea.

The librarian was typing up lists of books and where they should be stored and how they were to be categorised. She was bored. She only worked this job to help fund her studies and she thought it the most boring job in the city. She was dressed professionally and looked elegant in a striking black pantsuit. Underneath her suit she wore an ornate dark blue bra decorated with gold lace trim and a pair of high-rise nude-coloured briefs which fitted tightly to her slender waist.

Her shift was due to finish in an hour and that was the only thing that gave her heart. She was considering taking a short toilet break, she had needed to pee for quite some time and she was comfortable to wait more but her bladder was not. There was a slight wet spot in her underwear, it had been there for the last twenty minutes but she had paid it no mind, just a dribble, she had told herself. But now the wet spot had grown after another trickle had dampened the cotton gusset of her underwear and so she decided it was time to use the bathroom.

But then the red headed young woman returned.

She looked outwardly calm and the librarian thought her attractive, admiring her beautiful figure. The young woman placed a bundle of books on the counter and one by one she began the onerous job of logging them back into the system. She thought the young woman looked nervous but didn’t give it much thought. She went through the books ponderously so as not to make a mistake. She smiled up at the red head and the smile was returned but it looked pained.

“Can I help you with something else?” The librarian asked curiously upon noticing the red heads pained expression.

“I um” The red head stammered awkwardly “that is um” she failed to find the words.

The librarian stopped working on the books and instead looked up at the attractive young woman in puzzlement.

“Yes?” The words were practically burning with curiosity.

“It’s just um” she cursed herself as she failed to find the words “I was just wondering” she started slowly and then stopped. She shook her head then started again.

“I was just wondering; I know you said the public toilets are out of order but are any other toilets in here? Like staff toilets” she asked clumsily.

The librarian was surprised by the question. Usually when someone is nervous it’s because they want to find a sex book or something else that could be considered embarrassing so this took her by surprise.

“We do” the librarian replied lightly “but if you don’t have a special card, I can’t allow you to use them” she spoke quietly and gently so as not to upset the red head.

“I don’t have a card” she blurted clumsily “but I really need to go” she put emphasis on the word really.

The librarian felt sorry for the young woman, but the rules are the rules she told herself.

“I’m sorry” the librarian started but was stopped by the young woman.

“Please” she said softly “put yourself in my position, I really have to go”

The librarian considered the question. She needed to use the toilet herself, she had done for a while now but she had delayed the visit, safe in the knowledge that she had a toilet available for when she really needed it. Her knickers rested cool and damp against her pussy and she wondered how she would feel if she didn’t have the safety of a toilet just a few metres away. She frowned at the thought. But the rules are the rules, she thought solemnly.

“I’m really sorry” she said sympathetically.

“Please” the young woman said softly, as she lifted her skirt.

She started in wide eyes astonishment as the beautiful red head discreetly lifted her skirt to display her sodden green underwear. They were sodden with urine and she immediately understood that the beautiful red head was in a dire situation.

“Oh god” she said eventually, with no more words coming to mind.

“Please” the red head repeated softly.

“Yes. Of course,” the librarian responded.

She pushed from her legs to stand from her chair and as she did so, warm urine poured into her underwear. It was a short but heavy spurt caused by the sudden upwards pressure applied to her bladder. She casually crossed her legs, feeling a faint trickle of warmth against her thighs as she did so, the warmth then gently trickled down her right leg.

Minttu watched the woman eagerly. Her crotch was warm and wet, her bladder was bulging and she feared she couldn’t hold much longer. The woman had stood and with crossed legs appeared to be searching for something, the key, she hoped. The woman looked tall, but Minttu noted her heeled shoes so revaluated her estimation. She was attractive, Minttu thought. Her figure was lean and taught and her bum was a beautiful shape. She watched the woman eagerly, waiting and hoping to see a key.

She scrabbled in the draws of her counter. She was certain the key was there, but then she remembered. She had moved the key to the bottom draw, she couldn’t recall why. Damn, she thought. Her bladder was aching terribly and she was concerned about leaking again, she feared bending down to reach into the bottom draw. She took a deep breath and pressing her thighs tightly together she reached into the draw and pulled out their saviour, the key. She stood straight again, unclamping her thighs in the process. She smiled at the red head, holding the key high. But her smile was fake, cause her crotch had warmed again.

Unclamping her legs was a mistake. As she did so more urine soaked into her underwear, leaving a faint wetness in her trousers at the same time. She clamped her legs again.

Minttu watched the young woman stand straight, smiling with a shiny key in her hand. Thank goodness, she thought. The woman seemed in distress too but Minttu figured it was just the strain of bending down, but nonetheless she enquired anyway.

“Are you okay?” She asked politely.

The librarian considered the question and thought about lying but then thought otherwise. We’re in the same predicament, she thought, let’s just be honest.

“Shall we say, we are in similar situations” the woman answered mildly.

Minttu looked puzzled. It took her a few moments to grasp what she had been told but once she understood, she instinctively glanced towards the woman’s crotch. It was difficult to tell, but Minttu thought she could discern a certain dampness against the black trouser crotch. Nonetheless, she was still unsure.

“I’m not sure I understand” Minttu said.

The librarian said nothing, but instead beckoned Minttu to follow her.

The librarian stepped from behind her counter and gestured for Minttu to come closer. Minttu joined her just a moment later and leaned in slightly to hear what the woman had to say.

“I really need to pee too” the woman said quietly but just like Minttu, she emphasised the word really.

“Not as bad as I do” Minttu said dryly.

The two were walking together towards the side of the room, towards a private area Minttu suspected. The room was deathly quiet and apart from them, there were only a dozen others in the huge room. “My underwear disagrees” the librarian said airily.

Minttu said nothing, but she grinned.

The librarian unlocked a large brown wooden door which opened into what looked like a lunchroom. There was a smattering of seating, a microwave, toaster, coffee machine and three round tables. The librarian gestured to a door on the left-hand side of the room, “you’ll find a toilet in there” the librarian said.

“Thank you so much” Minttu said passionately.

She then darted into the small bathroom. There was a toilet which was sat against the right-hand wall, a small sink and a sanitary bin. Minttu hoisted her skirt and slipped her underwear to her ankles. She was peeing before her bum touched the seat and she had dappled the white ceramic floor with urine. She gasped and breathed a sigh of relief as a torrent of pee splashed into the bowl below. Her underwear was sodden. She was wet from her crotch to the lowest part of her bum. She had urinated more than she had realised before making it to the bathroom.

Damn, she thought, damn.

Outside the door the librarian was jiggling on spot. She was stemming the tide but she was egging on her red-haired companion to hurry up. It seemed to take an age for Minttu to come out the bathroom but as soon as the door opened, she dashed in without a word. She didn’t even bother to shut the door behind her. She wiggled on the spot as she undid her belt, unzipped her trousers and undid the button. The trousers fell to her ankles. Her underwear sat high on her waist so her sodden crotch was clearly on display. She ripped her underwear down and uttered a sigh of relief as she emptied her beleaguered bladder into the toilet.

Minttu looked on surprised as the librarian fought to remove her trousers. She had not suspected that she wouldn’t bother to shut the door and for some reason, she couldn’t avert her eyes. She looked on aghast as the woman’s pissy crotch was displayed. Minttu felt a tingle.

“Haven’t you ever seen another woman peeing?” The librarian asked in humour as she realised Minttu was staring at her.

“I’m sorry” Minttu said, embarrassed.

“I’m only joking” the woman replied reassuringly.

Minttu blushed slightly. By now the woman had finished peeing and she was now pulling her underwear back up. Minttu couldn’t help but notice that the woman also didn’t bother to wipe.

“Just look at me” the librarian said. She was stood up with her trousers still at her ankles gesturing to her wet underwear.

“Could be worse” Minttu said, hoisting her skirt as she said the words.

The librarian chuckled.

“I should have gone ages ago, but I just couldn’t be bothered” the librarian said then paused for a moment “I’ll never learn” she finished.

So, I’m not the only one, Minttu thought happily.

“I’m the same” Minttu said cautiously. There was a silence for a few moments and Minttu thought she had misread the situation.

“So” the librarian started slowly “this isn’t the first time?” She asked pointing at Minttu’s wet crotch.

“Not at all” she answered quietly.

The librarian smiled.

“I’m being rude” the librarian said “my name is Sara”

Minttu smiled.

“I’m Minttu” she replied and then continued “are you busy after work?” She asked nervously.

“I finish in an hour” Sara replied with a smile.

Kindred spirits.

*012*2022-05-24 19:43

Part 3;

Emma, Minttu and Sara go to a theme park

Emma wiped her pussy dry and sighed deeply. Her brow was damp with sweat and she felt physically drained. She had been fighting a battle with her bladder for the last couple of hours, a battle she had very nearly lost. She cursed the nature of these theme parks and their lack of facilities and huge queues. Her friends, Minttu and Sara were waiting outside the bathroom complex and she didn’t wish to make them wait in the hot sun much longer but she still needed some time to compose herself. Her breathing was still heavy and she was content to sit on the toilet until her breathing returned to normal.

She blinked and then stared at the white ceiling. “That was close” she whispered to herself. She then peered down towards her ankles and inspected her blue denim shorts. The inner material around her crotch was stained and damp with her pee. “Shit” she cursed herself, fearing her accident was visible on her shorts. Tentatively, she inspected the exterior of her shorts and despite her best efforts, she could see no evidence and so breathed a sigh of relief.

She pulled her underwear up and she shivered slightly as the wet cotton rested against her pussy. She shifted uncomfortably and fiddled around with her underwear in a futile attempt to avoid the discomfort. She still had many hours of the day to go and so began to pat down the damp material with some toilet paper. Each touch of the paper against the pee-stained cotton dampened the paper but made little difference to her underwear. She spent a few minutes at this activity and only gave up when she convinced herself she had made a small difference and then with that, she pulled up her shorts; straightens herself up and left her stall.

“What the hell is she doing in there?” Minttu asked her girlfriend Sara, “no idea” Sara replied. Emma had indeed been in the bathroom for a while and although the queue was large, Minttu was convinced something else was holding up her friend. “I’m amazed you haven’t needed the bathroom yet” Sara said to Minttu teasingly “you have the bladder capacity of a newt” Minttu cackled sarcastically at that.

“Maybe I’ve turned over a new leaf” came the reply from Minttu “or maybe you’ve pissed yourself already” Sara retorted. Minttu blushed and turned away slightly to hide the colour in her cheeks. Sara noticed this and pressed on with an inquisition.

“You bloody well have, haven’t you?” Sara said in mock accusation.

Minttu continued to evade her girlfriend’s gaze and instead pretended to be watching a rollercoaster climb slowly towards the top of its first incline. “Look at me” Sara said playfully, and again her girlfriend avoided her gaze and made no reply. “If you’re not being honest with me, I’ll only find out later” Sara said.

“I am being honest” Minttu replied, still gazing at the distant rollercoaster.

“Yeah, well” Sara started “I bet if we went into that bathroom now your knickers would tell me a different story” Sara’s voice was barely a whisper and hearing the words Minttu felt her pussy throb.

“I’m bone dry” Minttu lied.

“Show me then” Sara said expectantly “the queue is smaller now we could be in there in a couple of minutes.” Minttu glanced at her girlfriend and supressed a smile. “Prepare to apologise” Minttu replied loftily.

The two girls held hands and took the first few paces towards the bathroom and placed themselves in the queue. There was maybe a dozen of other girls in front of them and so they figured they wouldn’t have long to wait and it was at that moment that Emma homed into view.

Emma strolled out of the bathroom and pushed her way past a small gaggle of girls who were milling around new the exit. She stepped into the afternoon sun and took a deep breath of fresh air. Her pussy felt wet against her damp underwear but she hoped the warm sun would soon dry her off. She scanned the small area for her two companions and was shocked when she saw them now stood together in the queue. She muttered annoyance as to why they had not have just gone with her.

“We wone be long” Sara said noticing Emma “okay” came the brusque reply. Emma took some steps forward and rested against a blue railing and settled in to wait for her friends to return.

It took several minutes for Minttu and Sara to finally get into the bathroom and secrete themselves into a private stall. Sara closed the door behind them and started longingly at her girlfriend’s shapely bum. Her bum was pert and almost perfectly shaped and Sara could not help herself but to grab a handful. Minttu inhaled sharply as her girlfriend roughly squeezed her derriere. “You’ve given me a wedgie” Minttu said teasingly and reached a hand around her back to remove her underwear from her bum but failed as her hand met resistance. “That’s my job” Sara said in mock reproval and then pulled hard at Minttu’s now unbuttoned white shorts. The shorts fell to Minttu’s ankles and using her teeth, Sara gently removed the white cotton from her girlfriend’s bum. The cotton snapped back into its rightful position and Minttu moaned slightly.

“Now then” Sara said quietly, her tone imbued with sexuality “turn around and show me your pussy” Sara bit her lip as her girlfriend began to turn to face her. “You little minx” Sara said.

“Told you I was telling the truth” Minttu replied evenly.

Sara stared up at her girlfriend. She was still kneeling on the floor and her eyes were almost directly in line with her girlfriend’s pussy. Minttu’s crotch was indeed dry but there was also a bulge, a thick bulge betraying a large pad which had been soaking up Minttu’s urine all morning.

Sara gently began to slide Minttu’s underwear down towards her knees. Minttu was biting her lip and her pussy was throbbing wet. Sara made a mock inspection of the heavily stained pad. It was yellow front to back and as Sara removed the item, it felt heavy in her hands.

“Dry after all” Minttu said, “only on a technicality” Sara replied and Minttu supressed a giggle.

Minttu squatted and perched her bum on the toilet and then with thunderous force emptied her swollen bladder into the toilet. Sara listened intently and had an urge to thrust a hand into her girlfriend’s warm stream, but then stopped herself. Minttu was staring into Sara’s eyes, eyes that were filled with lust and desire “you’ll have to wait until we get home” Minttu said teasingly, Sara didn’t reply but instead just quietly stared. “What about you anyway?” Minttu asked expectantly, “what about me?” Sara replied in mock evasion and let her eyes wander as if trying to avoid the question. “Lift your skirt” Minttu demanded. Sara gasped.

“I need to pee too, so can you hurry up please” Sara replied and in the same instant crossed her legs and began to wiggle on the spot in an exaggerated way.

“Oh, I’m sorry” Minttu said softly “just give me a second.”

Minttu then stood slowly. She was biting her lip and slowly raising her white briefs towards their natural position. The white cotton embraced her private areas and then Sara moaned softly as a small wet spot appeared against Minttu’s pussy. “You forgot to wipe” Sara said softly. Minttu looked down quickly and feigned embarrassment “what a scatter brain I am” Minttu said.

She waddled past her girlfriend with her shorts at her ankles and she thrust her hips slightly as they came within a few inches of each other, so her pussy rubbed against Sara’s thigh.

Sara was stood above the toilet and then raised her skirt above her waist, uncovering her warm, urine-soaked knickers. Sara slowly slid the garment to her ankles and then sat herself upon her porcelain throne.

“Well now” Minttu said. She was burning red, her pussy throbbed wildly and she wanted to take Sara there and then. “Oh, this” Sara said vaguely, gesturing to her soaked underwear “just a small leak” she lied.

“Of course,” Minttu said “every time I leak, I wet my knickers from front to back too” then she stopped and pretended to think deeply “I don’t suppose you have much left in your bladder, do you?” Minttu asked.

“Only because it is so small” Sara replied sarcastically.

That, Minttu thought was partly true, for Sara did indeed appear to have a small bladder but this was different and both girls knew it. Sara trickled a slow but steady stream into the toilet and looked up at Minttu. Her eyes were burning bright and her voice was full of sex appeal. “Benefit of wearing a skirt” she said.

Outside the bathroom Emma was becoming impatient. Her friends had been in there for what seemed like a lifetime and she was eager to carry on with her day. She had been scrolling her phone ever since she had come to rest against the railings and she had now exhausted all her social media streams. She placed her phone in the rear pocket of her shorts and began to people watch. There were hundreds of people about and most had that certain smile about their faces that one only gets from visiting a theme park. She smiled as she thought about all the trips she had taken to such places when she was younger.

She turned herself around and stared out away from the people and towards the rollercoasters and other rides she wished to enjoy on that day. Then she was suddenly struck with a sensation, she felt as if she was being watched. She turned back around and at first glance she could discern nothing obvious, but it did seem like several people had quickly averted their gaze as she had turned back around, but Emma thought little of it and so returned to gazing at the rides.

It was a few moments later when she heard a soft female voice say something and she jumped slightly as she realised the voice was addressing her. “Sorry” Emma started “I was in a world of my own”

“No, I’m sorry to interrupt you” the woman said “but I just thought you should know, you have a tear in your shorts” Emma scrunched her face, as if not understanding the words. “What?” Emma blurted out.

“I’m sorry pet” the woman said politely “but I just thought you should know” the woman was smiling softly and Emma wondered again if she had heard correctly.

“I’ve ripped my shorts?” Emma asked in surprise.

“Aye, pet” the woman said “right down the back” the woman said and using her hands as if to trace the tear in thin air.

“Oh, god” Emma said quickly “I’m really sorry” Emma said, unsure of what else she should say.

“No need to apologise, pet. Just thought you should know” the woman said and then with another smile she walked away.

Bugger, Emma thought.

Minttu and Sara returned from the bathroom and joined Emma by the railing. Emma was burning red and seemed for all the world to be embarrassed.

“What’s the matter?” Minttu asked.

“Apparently, I’ve torn a hole in my shorts can you look please and tell me how bad it is?” Emma asked frantically.

Minttu nodded and then leaning against the rails, she craned her head forward and gazed towards her roommate’s bottom. “Oh yeah, that’s a big one” Minttu said.

Emma frowned and hoped her roommate was exaggerating but her roommate was not exaggerating and if Emma had access to a mirror, she would see that the tear stretched right across the rear of her shorts. The tear was not terribly deep, but it was deep enough and long enough to make her backside a beacon for the eyes of lustful men.

“Right across your bum” Minttu continued.

“Bloody hell” Emma cursed “I don’t want my arse to be ogled all afternoon by pervy men, I’m just going to have to go home”

Sara and Minttu looked at each other and shrugged.

“I don’t know, I think it’s fine” Sara said comfortingly.

“I agree” Minttu said “but if it does bother you just go and grab one of those free Pepsi shirts they were giving away near the entrance”

Emma frowned again.

“What bloody good is a shirt going to do me? It’s my arse that’s on show not my tits” Emma snapped.

“Tie it around your waist” Minttu offered politely.

Emma blushed slightly after realising her mistake and then quickly offered an apology.

“I can go and get one now” Sara said helpfully and then proceeded away from the group and towards the spot where they had seen the men handing out the shirt’s earlier ion the day.

Sara returned ten minutes later with an overly large and bright yellow t shirt. It was an ugly colour and the Pepsi logo on the front and back was monstrous, but it would suit the purposes of the day, Emma thought. Emma horridly tied the ugly shirt around her waist and thanked Sara for bringing it to her. Valuable time had been wasted and all three girls were eager to get back on with the business of enjoying themselves. The day was becoming increasingly warm and all three girls were craving ice cream and a long, cold drink.

“Anyone fancy a beer?” Emma asked “my treat” she said happily. Her words were framed like a question but it was mostly rhetorical, she knew fine well that neither of her companions would turn down a free beer on a hot day. Unsurprisingly, both friends agreed instantly.

There was a stall just a hundred paces away from the railing at which they had been standing and so all three ladies had vacated there. White awnings holding sponsored umbrellas offered some measure of protection from the raging sun and it was indeed a relief to get out of the sun. The three girls swigged the cold beer and each revelled in the unparalleled joy of the first sip of beer on a hot day. The three girls chatted and quickly sipped their beer, the golden nectar was hard to resist on such a hot day and before long all three glasses were empty.

“Anyone for another?” Minttu asked but her two companions shook their heads.

“I want to ride that” Sara said gesturing towards the tall roller coaster that dominated the skyline. Emma pulled out her pocket map and scanned the pages for information on the ride in question.

“It’s called Ferradura” Emma said reading from the map “which means horseshoe in Portuguese, it is three hundred feet tall and total ride time is about three minutes”

“It looks taller than that” Minttu added nervously.

“Not scared are you” Sara teased.

“No” Minttu lied “I was just being factual”

Emma and Sara looked at each other and both had to supress a chuckle.

“Can we go then?” Sara asked impatiently and was quickly answered by the slow nodding of heads and with that agreement, all three girls walked towards Ferradura.

The queue for Ferradura was tremendously long and stretched far beyond the one-hour sign that had been posted to the side of the queue rails. Upon approaching the ride neither girl made any protests to the length of the queue but now, almost forty-five minutes after first joining the queue, they were regretting their decision. It was true that Ferradura was the whole reason for Emma’s visit to this park and she had been excited to ride Ferradura ever since she had first seen it in action on YouTube. But now, faced with a monumental queue and a beer filled bladder, she was regretting this decision and her two friends were of the same opinion. Nonetheless, both Minttu and Sara knew how badly Emma had wanted to go on Ferradura and so, neither wanted to disappoint her by suggesting they leave the queue.

“It can’t be that much longer” Sara whispered to Minttu.

“I hope not, that beer is cutting straight through me” Minttu replied candidly and then crossed her legs at the thought of her aching bladder.

Sara noticed her desperation.

“My pussy is like a rainforest” Sara said grandly “warm and wet” Minttu stared up at her girlfriend and bit her lip “you should have worn a skirt darling” Sara finished happily.

Emma was stood a couple of paces behind her friends and could hear nothing of their whispered conversation, but she hoped they were discussing leaving the queue. Emma, just like her friends was also regretting drinking the beer. Her bladder was bulging and she had half a fear she might explode. Her crotch felt damp and clammy, but she was unsure if that was sweat or if she had peed in her underwear. Emma stood cross legged and occasionally wiggled and jiggled so she did not freeze in place. She peered at her friends’ and cursed them for not suffering as she was.

“What are you talking about?” Emma eventually asked.

“Just that we both really need to pee” Sara said emphasising and lengthening the word really.

“Do you want to leave the queue and find a bathroom?” Emma asked clumsily.

But before her friends could answer they were interrupted by a man who had sallied up to Sara’s left side. He was a short, stout man, with a short black beard, bald head and seemed to be dressed as if he worked at the park. Sara noticed the man and beamed a bright smile.

“George!” Sara exclaimed happily “I haven’t seen you since that time we were at the circus, what are you doing here?”

George waved his hands up and down “I work here” he said “I’m the chief operator for this ride” he said gesturing to Ferradura.

Sara looked at her friends happily.

“Could you get us to the front of this queue?” Sara asked cheekily “we’ve been here for hours and it’s so damned hot, could you do anything?” she asked more out of hope than anything else, so she was delighted when George said he could indeed help and then quickly gestured for the girls to follow him. There were some protests from the other customers in the queue, but none of them cared, they were going to ride Ferradura and then, after fulfilling Emma’s ambition, they would empty their bladders.

The three girls were being secured into the ride by George personally, and despite the protests coming from the queue the girls were excited and ready to go. The cars seated two people in each section and so Sara and Minttu were seated together and because she had asked for it, Emma was alone. Sara and Minttu were seated in the front car and directly in front of Emma. George fastened some belts and then began pulling the harness down towards Mintuu’s shoulder. It came down slowly and then seemed to rest gently against her shoulders and abdomen, but then, George gave one last solid push and the harness locked in place. Minttu flushed and shifted uncomfortably for a few moments and George feared he had pushed the harness too tight.

“It’s not too tight, is it?” George asked.

“No, no, it’s fine” Minttu said flashing a fake smile.

Next, George came to Sara and gave her the same treatment and Sara squeaked as the harness pressed tightly against her bladder.

Next, George went to secure Emma in place, but as he got there, he could see the job had already been done so he wished the trio a happy ride and then carried on with his work.

Noise and the sound of pneumatics filled the air and then the carriage jerked forward to begin its journey. The carriage glided slowly down a small bank and then with a clunk, it was attached to the chain lift that would pull it up to the peak of the three-hundred-foot hill. The carriage seemed to freeze for a moment as the chain lift gathered its strength and then with a great churn, the carriage began to creep up the bank. Emma was tentative but excited, she had wanted to ride Ferradura for a long time and that excitement allowed her to forget about her bladder for a few brief moments. Meanwhile, both Sara and Minttu were sat eyes closed and hoped for the whole thing to be over quickly. Sara had earlier teased her girlfriend for being afraid, but in truth, she was just as afraid as Minttu. the carriage crept forward in an assortment of noise. People screamed excitement, some chattered nervously but all was drowned out by the cacophonous racket of the chain lift.

Two-hundred and fifty feet.

“Nearly there” Sara said, eyes still closed.

They were near the top. The people beneath them were mere insects, the buildings in the distance looked akin to playhouses and out towards the sea, they could see well beyond the horizon.

Then the whole thing stopped.

A grinding sound emanated from the chain lift and in a violent motion, the carriage rocked backwards and began to slip back down the hill. In the carriage, there was a mixture of reaction ranging from abject terror, to utter confusion. The ride was creeping backwards and for a moment, it seemed like they would go plummeting uncontrollably back towards the station but then, the carriage lurched again and all the riders were sent lurching forward into there harnesses. The carriage stopped moving and the carriage sat motionless almost three-hundred feet in the air. Emma was breathing heavily and she was afraid, but she understood that the ride had only broken down and there was nothing to be concerned about, they’ll get it going, she told herself.

In front of Emma’s car Minttu had only now opened her eyes. She scanned the scene and concluded that they had broken down. Beneath the car she could hear the people crowing about the broken-down ride and wished she was one of them. She looked at Sara, she was pale and seemed utterly terrified.

“We’ve broken down” Minttu said calmly and was about to explain what would likely happen, but then stopped herself. She could hear a sound that was out of place for the situation and she looked around the find the source of the sound but could see nothing obvious. She pulled a face of puzzlement and looked towards Sara to ask if she could hear it too, but then stopped, there was no need to ask anymore.

A fountain of urine was pouring down the front of Sara’s seat and the unusual sound was the sound of liquid pooling on the metal floor. Minttu became instantly aroused at the sight and wanted to eat her girlfriends’ pissy pussy there and then. She looked Sara up and down, she was still pale and had yet to open her eyes. Her skirt had been unmoved and had become soaked in the warm liquid. It was then Minttu realised, this was not a sexual tease, but instead Sara was wetting herself in terror. Minttu started to say something comforting but then stopped as Sara snapped her to silence.

“Ferradura” a male voice called out through a speaker “you have broken down” the man stopped to fiddle with the speakers’ settings “we are trying to restart the ride, we do not know how long it will take” there was another pause “unfortunately, the emergency walkway is out of commission due to the current high winds, so we must restart the ride to get you all down safely” the voice paused again. Riders called out questions, key among which was how long this will take.

“At least two hours” the voice called out and was greeted by a collection of groans and angry curses.

Emma laughed to herself as she listened to the man. She urgently needed to pee and trapped in a cramped car with a harness pressing firmly against her bladder, she laughed aloud at the futility of her situation. Earlier, she had wondered if the damp clamminess against her pussy was sweat but she knew now it was not sweat, she had known ever since the strange woman had pressed her harness directly into her bladder. She laughed again.

“You okay down there?” Minttu called out from in front of her.

“I am” Emma answered, “are you?”

“I think so” Minttu said uncertainly and then in her best impression of a contortionist she reached into her side pocket and retrieved her phone.

She opened WhatsApp and began typing to Emma; “when we finally get off here, don’t be alarmed when you see Sara, she REALLY needed to pee and she didn’t think she could wait two hours, so she’s already gone…” the message sent.

A moment later Emma’s phone alerted her to a message. She grunted as she wrestled to slide her phone from her side pocket. She unlocked the phone and read the message and couldn’t help chuckling to herself. She began typing the reply; “has she wet herself?” came the reply.

Minttu’s phone binged. “Yeah” came the short reply.

“Thought that’s what you meant. I feel better now you’ve told me that” Emma replied.

Minttu read Emma’s message and scrunched her face in surprise; “what do you mean?” Minttu replied.

“Cause now I’m not the only one :D” Emma replied.

Then Emma thought back to that time peeing herself in the bushes whilst coming home from the gymnasium and that allowed her to relax and the urine started to flow. She breathed deeply as she finally let down her defences and felt the warm liquid pour through her underwear and shorts. A fountain of pee cascaded down the metal seat and splashed violently on the metal floor below. A pool of urine was forming at her feet, her shoes were wet and the liquid was beginning to soil her socks. She felt relief, total relief. Despite the warmth of the day, she found the warm liquid to be inviting and, in a way, soothing.

She was now totally relaxed and the last droplets were dripping harmlessly into her soaked underwear. She was thoroughly soaked. A puddle lapped gently at her feet and brushed against the seat’s support. Her bottom was warm and she felt like she was sat in a shallow bath, she looked at her puddle and laughed again. She reached out with her phone to snap a picture and as she did so, she pushed hard and more urine left her body and thundered onto the metallic floor. She snapped the picture, managing to catch the fountain in motion as she did so. She sent the picture to Minttu.

Minttu looked in disbelief at the message see had just seen. She bit her lip again at the thought of Emma wetting herself.

“Look” Minttu said to Sara, holding her phone in front of her face “you aren’t the only one”

Sara made no reply, but just smiled weakly.

“I’m sorry” Minttu said “but I’m horny as fuck” she stopped to bite her lip “I want to eat your pissy pussy right now” she said and moaned gently.

Sar’s colour returned and she gave Minttu a lustful look.

“Look” Minttu said and then unzipped her shorts. She slid them down as much as she was able to show Sara her own wet underwear.

Sara looked longingly at the dark stain which stretched the full width and length of Minttu’s crotch.

“Bitch” Sara said lustfully.

Minttu smiled and then allowed another trickle of urine to empty her body. Sara watched the yellow liquid trickle from beyond the stained material and then disappear into the darkness.

“I have more” Minttu said and then released more pee into her underwear.

“Stop it” Sara demanded breathlessly “I want you” she said.

Minttu bit her lip again and then released one last trickle into her underwear. Her shorts were at her knees but despite her best efforts, a darkened patch protruded ominously from the white crotch. Were she not three-hundred feet in the air and comfortably out of eyesight she would never dream to be so daring, but despite the minimal risk, it gave both girls a great thrill.

Two of the three had wet themselves and the third was using her impending accident as a tease, but despite it all, the girls were in good spirits.

Then the ride started again.
