Ava - Apartment Maintenance

Author: Stoke365

*000*2025-09-14 03:25

Apartment Maintenance

Character - Ava 19

Today, our girl Ava has moved into her new apartment, and within a week, she has some troubles with her bathroom…

STARTING BLADDER CAPACITY - 37%

The time is 12:00PM on a Saturday, Ava is enjoying some quiet time in her living room in her new apartment. She is still getting used to her environment, but is finding a nice time to take some time to herself…

”Sheesh, moving is stressful, a bit of peace and quiet is hard to come by these days” Ava slumped backwards into her sofa, in her comfy grey leggings. She leaned to her side and grabbed her nice white can of monster. “One of these bad boys sure calms me down” she gleefully muttered to herself, as she slurped it down. The ice cold refreshing drink trickled down her throat, and nestled itself deep in her bladder.

Ava continued to watch her show, she loved a bit of football, as a sport and for the 22 sweaty men running around her screen. The first half of the match concluded as a 0-0. The time now 1:15PM

BLADDER CAPACITY - 54%

”What a dull half”, Ava then felt a twinge from her bladder, “Best I go for a quick wee before the second half though”. She picked herself up and travelled over to the bathroom. As she opened the door, she was met with the most dreadful sight. Water filled to the top, and leaking out over the rim.

”Oh shit!” Ava reacted accordingly, shocked at the sight of her only place of relief in an unusable state. “New place, broken toilet, of course! Why wouldn’t it be, oh and I need a wee as well, great timing!” She mumbled words of anger to herself as she marched over to her iPhone. “Now I gotta look for plumbers. How am I meant to know who is best?” Ava scrolled through her phone, looking at various ratings and websites, before settling on one company. She dialled the number, and explained her situation.

”Hello? Yes hi, my name is Ava, I’m having a few complications with my loo…”

Ava explained her situation to the nice gentlemen over the phone.

”No worries miss, I’ll be over as soon as I can, hold tight” Ava put the phone down, with a slightly relieved feeling. “Ok, the nice man will be here shortly, fix the toilet, and I can wee. No problems. I can hold it until then. Ava walked back to her sofa and slumped back down, ignoring her call to the toilet, and focused on the soon to come second half of the match. “At least I have a good distraction!” Ava said, coping to herself…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 71%

Ava sat there patiently, glancing over at the clock periodically, the time now at 2:00PM, no sign of the plumber. “Damn it! I’m gonna call him again, this is mad” Ava stood up and walked over to the phone, her demeanour one of slightly hunched forward, and legs close together. She dialled the number and waited for the pickup…

”Hey, no offence, but any idea when you’ll be here? Thought you were coming right now!”

”Ah, Ava, sorry sorry, traffic is quite bad near your apartment, I shouldn’t be too much longer! So sorry about this Madame”

”Right okay fair enough, well please hurry, I’d like working… facilities, you know…”

”I understand, see you soon”

Ava put the phone down again, grunting at typical traffic in her area. She hobbled back to her sofa, and carefully sat back down. “Should I go somewhere and wee?” She questioned to herself. “No don’t be silly Ava, the guy is coming, it’ll be fixed soon, you can’t leave now, we can hold on”

Ava sat with a determined feeling. Not able to leave the apartment, the man on the way to be her knight in shining armour, and help her relieve herself. She sat again with her knees together, one leg bouncing steadily, and a slight squirm about her. She planted one hand down her leggings and beneath her white cotton panties, firmly onto her vagina. “That helps actually” she made the realisation, and sat in that fashion going forward.

The clock kept ticking, and as the clock reached 2:30, the doorbell went…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 84%

Ava opened the door to the most beautiful sight she could see right now, the plumber in all his glory. “Oh thank you so much for coming sir, I’ll show you to the bathroom!” Ava attempted to maintain her usual smile attitude, but by this point wanted the job seen to and completed in as least time possible. “Thank you miss, lead the way.” Ava guided the man to her bathroom to the sight of an overflowing mess. The plumber took one look, and prepared. “Ooh that is a doozy of a job right there, I better get cracking”. The plumber marched in, set his tools aside and began to assess the situation. “This may take a bit missy, you just get comfortable, I’ll call you when it’s done” the plumber said cheerfully.

Ava was anything but cheerful at this point, but alas, she smiled and nodded, as she shut the bathroom door and walked into the kitchen.

“May take a bit? What does that mean!” Ava mumbled to herself, “is that just plumber talk? Is that like 5 minutes to them? Or is it an hour! May? Does that mean he might not even know the time to do this? Could it be longer? Oh for gods sake.”

Ava paced around her kitchen area, keeping herself moving. “Oh don’t pee yourself Ava! Especially with the man here, just keep moving, it’ll be over soon, it’ll be over soon” Ava kept moving around, unable to stay still, flicking her leg up as she walked, the ability to stay still nigh impossible right about now. She poked a finger onto her bladder, it was hard as a rock, bulging out of her like a piece of titanium. She remained strong. She assured herself the nightmare would end soon…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 95%

Ava grew tired of pacing around her kitchen. She built up the strength, and marched to her bathroom, and opened the door. With a slightly demanding tone, Ava asked “Is the toilet fixed!” No hiding it now, she was making it clear her desperation.

”Almost love, proper funny one with, whole pipe just overflowed, should be replaced now, just finishing it up and making sure it’s fine. I’ll be done in 10 minutes”

”Brilliant, thanks!”

Ava heard the words 10 minutes, and braced. She shut the door, and walked back into her kitchen. “10 minutes, we’re almost there! Come on, I can do this” Ava motivated herself, but the pressure was worse than ever. She was in agony. Her bladder screaming for release. She could feel the drips forming on her labia. “Oh Ava, no no no, don’t let go, don’t let go.” She begged with herself not to piss. The wee begging to get out, her bladder slowly beginning to squeeze itself out, this was the final stretch. She danced on the spot, each time planting her foot, a spurt would trickle out. She could feel the tiny moistness on her white cotton panties. Each drip, soaking itself into the fabric. Ava praying for it not to seep into the leggings.

Ava glanced at the clock, it had only been 5 minutes

”Shit shit shit! Hurry!” She exclaimed silently.

As she cursed, it was just too much. Her bladder gave out. Urine began to pour out. Her panties filled with piss. It soaked its way through onto her leggings, and began its descent. It streamed down her leggings, them now gripping to her legs. It soaked through her little white socks and pooled at the bottom on the floor. She bit her lip in relief, as the pressure relief was just so good. She released every last drop onto her kitchen floor. The wait just that minute too long…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 0%

The plumber emerged from the bathroom, “job done miss!”

Thankfully Ava was behind a countertop, speaking to the man from over it, her waist and below hidden

”Th-Thanks! I’ll uh, send the money soon, just send over the bill whenever!

”Will do, enjoy your fixed toilet!” The man blissfully unaware of the damage that lay in front of him, strolled out the apartment with pride of a job well done.

Ava peeled her leggings off and looked at the damage. “I sure had to go didnt I…” at least the toilet is fixed… shame I don’t need it no more…

