No Time For A Break - Page 3

Author: secretomoact

*050*2022-02-16 17:17

Several hours later, both awoke. Neither made any move to get out of bed, too overwhelmed by the warm, cozy feeling of one another’s embrace. “Uh…” Ethan began. “Um… James?”

“Yes. Ethan?” James asked, squeezing Ethan to him.

“You know how, sometimes, I tell you stories about times I’ve… Really needed to go?”

James nodded, nuzzling against his boyfriend. “Of course, it’s one of my most favorite things.”

“Could you maybe… Tell me a story like that?” Ethan requested.

James grinned so much his face hurt. He’d been dying to hear Ethan ask him for that! “Sure! Of course! I have LOADS of stories!”

Ethan curled closer to James and listened.

“So, the first job I had was at a fast food restaurant,” James said. “You know how I’m good at being friendly to people, so the customers all liked me a lot. But, my manager Celia was SUPER mean, she didn’t like me at all, no matter what I did! And, one day, I made a really, really terrible mistake…”

***

James had screwed up. Big time. He had made the worst mistake he could have possibly made and now he knew he was going to suffer. And he was going to suffer a lot.

He’d forgotten to pee before coming to start his shift.

He couldn’t believe he’d done that! His bladder was TINY, he ALWAYS peed before leaving somewhere! How could it have seriously slipped his mind this time? He hadn’t even been in a big rush, or anything! He’d just… Walked out the door without peeing, taken the bus down here without peeing, then clocked in without peeing. He didn’t even THINK about peeing at all during any of it.

As soon as he was back in the kitchen, preparing orders of fries, peeing became the biggest thing on James’s mind. Because he suddenly NEEDED to do it VERY badly. And the bubbling liquid in the fryer wasn’t helping with his situation.

Of course, he couldn’t just leave the fries alone while he went to use the toilet. They could get burnt, or catch fire, or the oil could spill over and melt a big hole into the floor!

Well. Probably not that last thing. But still. James had a job to do and peeing had to come second. He continued making batches of fries, his hips swaying from side to side needfully the entire time. Eventually though, he was saved. One of his coworkers came to take over the fryer so he could deliver orders to people’s tables. That was good news! He could go pee on his way out there.

James smiled at his coworker and nodded, “Thank you for helping,” he said. “I really need a break from the fryer.” A few months ago, James probably would have blurted out “Oh, thank you so much! I’m dying to pee!” and gotten a weird look. These days he was able to better understand that most people didn’t want to hear him talk about the state of his bladder.

He WAS definitely dying to pee though. Now that he knew relief was fast approaching, he actually felt like he had to go even worse. He thought that was interesting, how the knowledge that he’d be urinating soon caused his urge to amplify, like giving his bladder a megaphone.

To get to the employee restroom, he would have to walk by the manager’s office. He didn’t like doing this. He didn’t like risking Celia’s attention. James had no idea why, but Celia seemed to despise him. Truth be told, she seemed to despise everybody that worked for her, and James couldn’t figure that out. How could somebody just hate everyone? Surely there had to be some way to make her happy, right?

But, if there WAS a way to please Celia, James certainly hadn’t found it yet. He’d done everything that was expected of him at his job and then some. He didn’t just bring customers their food and walk away, he tried to actually talk to them and get to know them. And he always made extra food during times when few people were coming in to eat, to make sure the restaurant didn’t run out of anything. But still, Celia always found some reason to yell at him, tell him off, and make him feel like he was three inches tall.

Once, after a particularly awful exchange with Celia, James had needed to go into the walk-in freezer to cry for a few minutes. One of his coworkers found him there, and had been very concerned. James was always so happy and excited, hiding and sobbing wasn’t like him at all.

James was hoping to avoid such a run-in on his way to the toilet, but he wasn’t so lucky. Just as he entered the hall that led to the restroom he needed so much, Celia stepped out of her office. She was frowning. Of course she was. James had never seen her smile even once; Not even when it was one of his coworkers’ birthdays and so he’d brought in cupcakes he’d baked for everyone. Instead of being happy, Celia had yelled at him for bringing outside food into the restaurant and possibly contaminating everything with an allergen. That hadn’t made sense to James since the cupcakes were covered in plastic wrap and crumbs couldn’t have landed in any of the cooking equipment. But when Celia accused him of not caring about triggering an allergic reaction in someone, he felt just awful.

The look she was giving him now was the same one she’d given that day. “What are you doing?” she barked. “It’s not time for your break.”

James looked down at his feet, which he realized were pointing towards each other, his knees bowed inward a little bit as the liquid inside him pleaded to be set free. “I know,” he said. “I just have to use the restroom real quick.”

“You have work to do,” Celia said. “I’m sick of people slacking off in the bathroom.”

James worried at his lip, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet. “I— I wasn’t going to slack off, ma’am,” he said. “I just need to—“

“I’ve written up three people this month for hiding in the bathroom for a smoke,” Celia said. “Do you want to be the fourth?”

“I don’t smoke,” James said. “I really do just have to go.”

“Well, then hold it until it’s time for your break,” Celia said. “We need you out there.”

James knew that. He knew he had a job he needed to do. He just… Also needed to pee pretty bad and didn’t think it was such a good idea to start running from table to table carrying trays without relieving himself first. “It will only take a minute,” he said.

“James,” Celia said. “How old are you?”

“Eighteen,” James answered, his sweaty hands curling into fists. He could SEE the door to the restroom from behind Celia. He could see the little green marker above the doorknob that showed it was vacant, free to use… His bladder pinched at him even more relentlessly as he stared at it, unable to comprehend why he hadn’t brought it there yet.

“Eighteen,” Celia repeated. “I think that’s old enough to be toilet trained, don’t you?”

James nodded. In all this time Celia had spent berating him, he could have peed, washed his hands, and gotten back to work… He didn’t think it would be wise to say that, however. He felt it again now, that shrinking feeling. Like Celia was cutting him off at the knees.

“It is,” Celia agreed. “You’re a big boy. You don’t need to put off work just because you need to ‘go potty’. Now, get to work or I’m going to need to write you up.”

The shrinking continued, being talked down to like he was a toddler made James feel like he really was one! Was this… Okay? Could Celia really deny him access to the toilet when he really had to go? Could she really discipline him for trying to use it anyway? Teachers at school could do that… Maybe bosses were allowed to as well? James had no idea. He didn’t know if there were any rules bosses had to follow.

***

“Wait, you do know NOW that that’s not allowed, don’t you?” Ethan interrupted. As delighted as he was to imagine James getting squirmy, he definitely didn’t like hearing about someone treating him so cruelly.

“Yeah,” James nodded. “I know better now, I just didn’t back then because I’d never worked anywhere before.”

“And she was probably counting on that,” Ethan said. “She saw you were young and inexperienced, so she saw it as an opportunity to be a bully. Some people get a little bit of power and it goes to their heads.”

“She was a bully,” James agreed. “But, back then, I just thought all bosses acted like her. So, anyway, I went back to work like Celia said, even though I STILL really had to go…”

***

James struggled a lot with bringing orders out to customers. Walking back and forth from the front counter to all the tables meant that his bladder was constantly being jiggled and sloshed around. He wasn’t shy about showing his need, he usually allowed his body to contort and bounce as much as it needed to to prevent an accident. But, right now he had to try very, very hard NOT to do any pee-dancing. Celia yelled at him all of the time about how he was not supposed to lean, stating that it made him look like he was slacking. Doubling over with desperation would look an awful lot like leaning.

He also had to keep any signs of distress off of his face. He needed to keep smiling, keep being friendly, and keep talking to the customers. He asked them all how they were doing, and if they asked him any questions, it was so hard not to say anything about needing to pee to them! He badly wanted to TELL someone that he had to go. Growing up, whenever he told someone he needed the toilet, that ALWAYS got him to one a lot faster. His family knew how hard it was for him to hold it, and his teachers all eventually worked it out eventually as well and generally understood that when James said it was an emergency, it really WAS one and he wasn’t just trying to sneak out of class.

Maybe, eventually Celia would understand that too? But… With some of his teachers, they only realized he was being serious about how often he needed to pee AFTER he’d had an accident or two after they’d refusing him the toilet when he’d asked. Wetting himself a few times in elementary school was embarrassing, but not entirely unexpected. Doing it in middle school had been a lot MORE humiliating, but he WAS still just a kid…

Doing it now? As an adult at a real job? That would be well BEYOND mortifying.

And what if instead of saying, “Oh, I’m sorry, James! I guess you really DID have to go, I won’t do that again,” Celia just got angry with him for creating a mess? He knew that this was the more likely outcome. If he peed himself, Celia was surely just going to shout at him. She’d scold him for being unsanitary, leaving a puddle of his bodily fluids in a place that served food. She’d call him horrible names again. He couldn’t take being yelled at by her AND having an accident in public all at once like that!

So, James was determined NOT to let that happen. And in order to do that, he had to HOLD it. Even if that was really, really difficult for him to do. When he went to grab another tray for someone, he glanced at the clock visible on the computer screens above the counter. Three hours until he was scheduled to have his break. Three hours until he could relieve his bladder. And it had already been a little over two hours since he’d last visited a toilet. That meant in total he’d have to go five hours without any bathroom breaks!

Five hours without peeing may not have been a long time to some people, but to James it was an eternity. He preferred to go at least once an hour if he could. After two he’d be more than a bit uncomfortable like he was now. After three, he’d be bouncing and squirming with urgency.

He’d never made it to four.

Five was… It was impossible. He’d burst.

He tried not to think that way. He tried to be positive. His job made him move around a whole bunch, so some of the liquid inside him would come out as sweat, right? It wouldn’t even make it to his bladder. Maybe if he sweated enough, he’d be able to hold it in. He hoped that would work. It HAD to work. He could NOT lose control here.

James picked up the tray waiting on the counter and, on legs which were a bit wobblier than usual, brought it to the proper table. He tried not to pay attention to the tea filled cup that was on the tray. He tried not to hear the way the liquid inside it splashed with each step he took. He tried not to notice how his bladder rolled and sloshed along with it.

He set the tray down in front of the customer. She was an elderly woman that James knew well as one of the restaurant’s regulars, Mabel. Mabel always liked to talk. And she really liked to talk to James. She said James reminded her of her grandson. James was usually perfectly happy to talk with her for as long as he could, but today he wanted to keep running around to try and work up a sweat.

It wouldn’t be nice to ignore Mabel though… So, when she started chatting to him, James stayed by her side and responded to everything she said. He was barely paying attention. His bladder seemed to be getting fuller and fuller by the second, his hips twitched involuntarily as his discomfort grew and grew. Eventually, he was crossing his legs and allowing himself to bounce just the tiniest, little bit.

“James?” Mabel paused in the story she was recounting about her grandson. “Are you alright, dear?”

‘No,’ James thought. ‘I’m scared that I’m gonna have an accident!’ He wanted to tell Mabel. She felt like a grandmother to him, and grandmothers always took care of their grandchildren and helped them when they were in trouble. There wasn’t anything Mabel could do for him, though. And he was certain that she didn’t want to hear him talk about his current urinary distress. He nodded. “I’m… I’m fine.”

“Are you sure, honey?” Mabel asked, raising a brow. She’d raised two children, and could very easily recognize the dance James was currently performing. “There’s… Nothing you need to ‘do’ right now?”

James lowered his voice, “I… I need to… I need to go to the bathroom real bad,” he said miserably. “But, I’m not allowed to.” He glanced over his shoulder at the men’s room set aside for customers… Oh, what he wouldn’t give to be in there right now!

Mabel looked at him for a moment. “Not ALLOWED to?” she repeated.

James nodded and chewed at his lip, rubbing his hands over the tops of his thighs. “My manager said I can’t. Not for a couple hours.”

“That’s… You look like you’re about to pop,” Mabel said.

James blushed. Even if he wasn’t too shy about peeing, it still made him feel funny when other people talked about his desperation. “I FEEL like I’m going to.”

“I should speak to your manager,” Mabel said. “This isn’t right.”

James felt his insides churn. He had a feeling that, if Mabel said something to Celia, he would be reprimanded. He was positive Celia would be VERY displeased that he’d mentioned his bodily needs to a customer— Even if that customer had been asking if he felt alright. “N—No,” he said. “She’ll be mad at me. I’ll just wait.”

“James, sweetheart,” Mabel said. “You have the right to—“

“James!”

He heard someone shouting for him from the kitchen.

“G—Gotta go,” James said, meaning it in two distinctly different ways. Walking around again after standing in one place for so long seemed to wake his bladder back up, caused it to begin thrashing once more. He needed to pause partway to the kitchen so he could cross his legs and take a few steadying breaths.

Once inside the kitchen, he saw it was Celia that had yelled for him. Of course it was. She was standing beside one of the new employees, Jasmine. Jasmine was a girl James knew from high school. There, she’d been the queen bee. Everyone had wanted to be her friend, which was strange since she wasn’t very nice… She spread cruel rumors about other girls and everyone believed them because she was Jasmine and Jasmine had power…

Here though, Jasmine didn’t seem to have ANY power at all. Her face was crumpling and she looked like she was going to cry. James felt bad for her, even knowing how mean she’d been in the past.

“James,” Celia said. “YOU’VE figured out how to salt the fries, haven’t you?”

James nodded. Without his notice, he’d begun to walk in place. If he allowed his body weight to rest on one leg for two long, the pressure at the base of his cock would sharpen into a bright, hot point of pain, so he had to continually shift from side to side.

“Then YOU get to teach HER,” Celia grouched, gesturing to Jasmine. “If that’s even POSSIBLE.” She glowered at Jasmine. “What did I hear you say you wanted to go to school for? Law? Honey, you are never gonna be a lawyer if you can’t even salt french fries.”

James saw Jasmine’s expression wilt even more, and he felt angry. At school, Jasmine was the picture of confidence and, if he was honest, smug superiority. But THIS girl… This girl was broken and fearful. That was what Celia did, she broke people down. He tried to give Jasmine a sympathetic smile, but he was unsure if she noticed. It had come out as more of a grimace anyway as he felt a sudden jolt from within his body and the liquid he was containing made a frantic rush downwards. “Ooh…” He crossed his legs, knees rubbing together. “I’ll… I’ll help, Celia!” he managed to say. He was even able to keep some of his usual chipper attitude in his tone… Even though he was feeling anything BUT chipper right now.

“Good,” Celia said. “And stand up straight. What have I told you about leaning?”

James nodded, “I—I’m sorry… If I could just please use the bathroom, I promise I won’t do—“

“THIS again,” Celia asked, rolling her eyes in a way that James thought looked a little overdramatic. “We’ve already discussed this, James. Work time is not toilet time. You can go use the big boy potty when you’re not on the clock.”

James looked down at his still tapping feet. Heat rose up in his chest, all through his neck, and burned across his face. Why did she have to mock him like that? And in front of someone he’d gone to school with, no less! He expected Jasmine to snicker, because if they were at school and James was fidgeting and bouncing like this, she would definitely laugh at him. She didn’t now though. She just stood there, still looking as though she was fighting back a wave of tears as much as James was fighting back a wave of pee.

“O—Okay,” James said. He approached the fryer, now able to hear the oil inside of it hiss… God, how had he not noticed before how much that sounded like a strong jet of pee striking a urinal? Ohhh, James needed a urinal! He needed one so bad! Please, please… He clenched his thighs, trying to pin himself shut between them. He was too late though, the first little dribble of his agony spurted forth and warmed the front of his boxers. “S—So…” he squeaked. “Th—The salt—“

“Is Celia always like this?” Jasmine interrupted.

“Y—Yeah,” James nodded. He wanted to get this thing with Jasmine done as fast as possible. He knew rushing through his tasks would not actually make his break come sooner, but he was so frantic and filled with the urge to run around and move about that he couldn’t stay focused on one thing for long. “She’s… Nnnh,” James squeezed his eyes shut, another spurt shooting past his worn out defenses. He knew that when he got to the point where he was leaking, his bladder was not long for this world.

He was not going to last until his break.

He was going to have an accident.

Celia was going to yell at him.

Tears began to form in the corners of his eyes. “She’s… Never very nice to anyone.”

Jasmine nodded. “I don’t even know what the fuck she wants me to do. If I use one shake of the salt, she says it’s too little. If I use two, she says it’s too much. And she was in here shouting at me for SO long, like, her talking is just so fucking annoying!”

James uncrossed his legs, which immediately prompted another leak as he frantically crossed them again in the other direction. He was glad his work uniform pants were black, otherwise there would definitely be a very visible damp patch around his crotch by now. The material encasing his dick felt warm and clammy, and the wetness taunted him, teasing his tip, trying to entice it into letting out even more. “I— I don’t know what she wants, either,” James said. “I never know, I think she just likes being mad at peop— Ooooh…” He doubled over on himself and shoved his hands against his crotch, squeezing and squeezing away, but not tightly enough to stave off one more frantic, pained burst of urine.

He kept clutching at his cock for several seconds, holding on for dear life. His hands felt like the only thing keeping his flood at bay. If he let go, it would all come rushing out in one huge waterfall of humiliation and failure, and he couldn’t hold it, he couldn’t hold it, he couldn’t—

“James!”

James glanced up, his watery eyes catching sight of Celia, and by God was she ever furious. “C—Celia,” he said meekly, not daring to release his dick from his grasp, or uncross his legs, or stand up all the way. He stayed there, folded almost in half, his legs tied together, and his hands squeezing the living daylights out of his leaking member.

“This is unacceptable,” Celia said. “You will NOT touch yourself in the kitchen, do you understand me? This is completely unsanitary. You’re disgusting.”

James FELT disgusting. His wet boxers clinging to his thighs in public… He could even kind of smell some of his leakage. He WAS disgusting. “If I could just use the—“

“No!” Celia said. “You are not a two year old! Stop behaving like one. Uncross your legs, stand up, and let go of yourself right now.”

James reluctantly did these things. He made himself stand up straighter, pulling the skin of his abdomen taut over his swelling bladder. He made his legs separate, causing the pressure inside his body to skyrocket. Then, very, very slowly, he released his grip on his dick, which immediately began to dribble. A new drop seeped out of him every second, his urethra trembling as it threatened to push out a stream.

“Now, wash your hands.”

James nodded eagerly. There was a sink in the employee bathroom! More importantly though, there was a TOILET in there. Yes, this was his chance! He could finally—

“Where are you going?” Celia asked when she saw James head in the direction of the hall that led to the restroom.

“T—To wash my hands,” he said.

“No,” Celia said. “Do it in the kitchen.”

James didn’t bother trying to argue. Now the prospect of washing his hands filled him with dread. All that warm, washing water… Timidly, he cranked on the kitchen sink. As water began to plink into the metal basin, he bit down a loud, loud moan. Instantly, a fantasy flew into his mind’s eye, one he’d never EVER act out, but one that was all too enticing nevertheless. He imagined himself yanking down his zip, standing on the tips of his toes, and gushing full force into the sink. He could turn the water on full blast to cover up the sound, and it would wash away immediately with no one knowing, and—

“Wash your hands,” Celia prompted.

James thrusted his hands underneath the faucet. The second the warm, wet feeling hit his flesh, his drips turned into hesitant, slow spurts. He scrubbed his hands as fast as he could, and Celia finally left him alone.

“Wow,” Jasmine breathed out, and James jumped, releasing another jet of pee. He felt tiny streams winding down his legs now… He’d actually forgotten Jasmine was still here, he’d been so caught up in his personal Hell. “What a bitch.”

James didn’t say anything. He didn’t like calling people names, but that one did describe Celia pretty well. “A—Anyway,” he said. “Th—The fries…” He hobbled back towards Jasmine and the fryer, but once he heard the oil hissing, he stopped. He couldn’t handle listening to that kind of noise anymore, unless it was the sound of his own stream rushing out into a toilet…

“Forget about it,” Jasmine said. “Nothing you show me will make Celia happy.” She stared at James, and he squirmed beneath her gaze, unsure if it was embarrassment or desperation anymore. “You… REALLY need to use the bathroom, huh?”

James nodded miserably. Even though he knew he’d been told it wasn’t allowed, his legs had crossed back together. His hands were clinging onto his pant legs, dying to be permitted to return to his dick. “I… I need to tinkle so much…”

“Heh…” Jasmine smiled, and in spite of everything, James felt good. He’d cheered her up at least a tiny bit. And that made his chest warm from something that wasn’t humiliation. “Did you just say ‘tinkle’?”

“Yeah,” James said, stomping his feet against the floor. “Ohhh… What time is it?”

Jasmine checked her watch and told him the time, and James felt himself break into a cold sweat. It had only been fifteen minutes since he’d last checked. Still over an hour and a half left to wait! “I— I’m not allowed to go until my break, and that’s almost two hours from now,” he rushed out in a panic. “I’m not gonna make it!”

He half expected Jasmine to tease him. But, she didn’t. “You’re not,” she agreed. But, she hadn’t said it to be mean. She was just stating a fact. James’s bladder was not going to last much longer. He was barely hanging on by a thread. “Just try sneaking to the bathroom,” Jasmine suggested.

“She said if I get caught she’s gonna write me up,” James told her. “I don’t want to be in trouble, and I—“ he was interrupted by another squirt of pee. “Ooooh! I can’t hold it!”

“Then, go and—“ Jasmine stopped herself. James never broke rules at school, even the really, really stupid ones. She didn’t think he’d behave any differently here. “Oh, I know. Go get the cleaning cart. Go and ‘clean the customers’ bathrooms’.”

That WOULD be a good idea, if James didn’t know that they’d just been scrubbed not too long ago. He’d seen someone wheeling the cleaning cart out of them as he’d clocked in. “No, they were just cleaned,” he said. “That wouldn’t work. I just have to wait.” As soon as he’d said that, he suffered the most painful spasm of his life. It felt like his bladder was being squeezed in a juicer and being trampled on at the same time. It was an absolutely obscene level of pressure, and his hands flew back between his legs as he curled in on himself. “Ohhh… Ohhhhh my Goddddd, I need to peeeeee!” he hissed out between his clenched teeth.

“James,” Jasmine said. “I could cover for you? Maybe that would— No, wait. I know.”

“What?” James asked, his voice suddenly very high and shaky.

Jasmine gestured to the full trash bags resting by the rear exit door. “You and I are gonna take those to the dumpster.”

James stared at her. “H—How does that— I can’t lift stuff. My hands are— I can’t move ‘em right now.”

“It will help, I promise,” Jasmine said, leading him to the bags.

Celia came out of her office and saw them there. “Did you figure out the fries finally?”

“Oh, yes,” Jasmine said. “James was a big help. He’s gonna help me carry the trash out now. I need a big, strapping young man to help me lift stuff.”

James felt a snort of laughter bubbling in his chest, one which would spell disaster if he let it out. He clamped his teeth down and fought it back.

“Good,” Celia said. “None of you take the trash out often enough. I’m tired of the bags all piling back here.”

“Sorry,” Jasmine said.

Celia walked back towards the dining area.

“Okay,” Jasmine said, hoisting a bag. “You don’t ACTUALLY have to carry one right now, don’t worry. Just, come on.” She pushed the door open with her shoulder and James scrambled out after her.

So many things outside looked like urinals to James’s clouded, desperate brain. The trees and bushes all seemed to be begging to be watered. The wall looked inviting and relieving… He shook his head as he followed Jasmine towards the dumpster.

The dumpster was tucked away in a small enclosure a few yards behind the building, three tall walls surrounded it. Jasmine tossed the bag she was carrying up, and it slammed into the dumpster. “Okay,” she said. “Go ahead.”

James stared at her, confused. “A—And do what?”

“You know…” Jasmine smiled again and laughed softly. “Go ahead and ‘tinkle’. Just go next to the dumpster, okay? Between it and one of the walls, you’ll be really well hidden.”

James’s grip on himself tightened and he marched in place, legs repeatedly crossing over one another. “Won’t I be in trouble?”

“You won’t,” Jasmine said. “Nobody’s even gonna know you did this. Now, hurry, before you have an accident.”

James moved as fast as his exhausted, aching body would allow into one corner of the enclosure. It smelled horrendous back here, but maybe that was a good thing. Nobody who came over here would smell his urine. And there were already some puddles around the dumpster too. Nobody would know…

Before he’d made the conscious decision to go through with this, he was already tugging at his zipper, ripping it down. One hand flew into his open pants and he cringed as he felt the damp material of his boxers that were only growing more and more sodden by the second. He yanked his drippy cock free, and his stream exploded out of him before he’d aimed. It sloshed hard against his shoes before he was able to adjust himself so he was wetting the wall instead. “Ahhhhhhhhhh….” James moaned, then crammed a fist into his mouth to silence himself. If he kept up that racket, he COULD be caught!

Even now that he was letting it flow, the ache inside his body was still present. His bladder felt as sore as his legs always did after running too fast in gym class. It still felt so good it let it out, of course. His muscles, which had been pulled taut for so long, suddenly snapped and began to go very, very loose. He was pissing so forcefully he swore he saw paint peeling off the wall. And the sound of it spraying away really DID sound like the oil hissing in the fryer. The very sound that had been torturing him now made him feel euphoric with release.

With as mind-numbing as the relief was, James barely even remembered to count off the number of seconds he was peeing for. He did though. And he was shocked as all Hell when he made it all the way to sixty. Wow, he HAD been full! His stream finally tapered off to a little trickle, and at long last he was emptied. He fumbled his member back into his pants and zipped them up, staggering backwards against the dumpster and leaning into it in a daze. Wow, wouldn’t Celia be mad! He was leaning AND he’d peed! Two rules broken!

“Haaaahhhh…” he exhaled. “That feels so much better!” He walked out of the enclosure to find Jasmine still waiting on him. “Thank you!” he said, his happy, friendly tone back. “Thank you, thank you!”

Jasmine gave him a small, hesitant smile. “You’re welcome,” she said.

Once they had finished with the rest of the bags and had gone back inside, James wondered if he ought to keep acting like he really, really needed a toilet break in front of Celia. She probably would get suspicious if he was suddenly fine, she’d figure out he’d found some way to relieve himself. He made himself squirm whenever Celia was nearby just to be safe, and it felt very strange to do a pee-dance when he didn’t actually have to go.

By the time his break rolled around though, he wasn’t really acting that much anymore. He genuinely DID need the toilet pretty badly again. His bladder filled up fast, and even faster after it had been stretched to its limit like that. As soon as he had clocked out for his break, he was hurrying to the restroom. Celia, again, stopped him. “What are you doing?”

“It’s my break,” James said. “And I need to use the bathroom.”

“Well, I need to discuss something with you,” Celia said.

James’s heart sank and his bladder trembled. She’d found out about the dumpster somehow. She must have. Maybe a security camera picked him up. She was gonna yell at him… “Wh—What?”

“A customer came to me earlier today,” Celia said. “To make a complaint. Apparently, I’m not treating you correctly in regards to toilet breaks.”

‘Mabel,’ James thought. So, she HAD said something.

“I don’t need to tell you how inappropriate it is to tell a customer that you need the potty,” Celia said. “Don’t let this happen again.”

James nodded. He wished that something Mabel had said had gotten through to Celia, but apparently not. He scrambled out from under her gaze and locked himself in the employee bathroom. He liked it in here. He could be away from Celia in here. And, more importantly, there was a toilet, which he quickly got himself in front of and unzipped. His pants still felt damp from his earlier emergency, but he didn’t care too much about that anymore. He was finally going to get to use an actual toilet, he was finally going to relieve himself in a way that couldn’t get him into trouble.

His stream gushed out for half a minute, and then he shook himself off and sighed as he washed his hands. This… Wasn’t normal, was it? Mabel hadn’t seemed to think it was, and she was older so would know a lot about how things were supposed to work. Maybe there was some rule Celia was breaking. Maybe there were a lot of rules she was breaking.

James ate his lunch, and before he went back to work, he relieved his worn-out bladder one more time. He knew that, by the time his shift was over and he could go home, he would probably be bursting again, but wanted to give himself a chance at making it through without pain.

By the time his shift ended, he’d had three more leaks and just barely made it to the toilet. Then, his Mom had picked him up. And, even though the drive back to his house was short, he almost wet himself during it as well.

Mom noticed James squirming, recognizing the familiar pee dance he’d done ever since he was little. “James, sweetie, did you forget to use the restroom before you left work?”

James shook his head, “No, I did use it,” he said.

“You’re doing a lot of fidgeting…” Mom said.

“That’s because I have to go again,” James said.

“We’ve only been driving for fifteen minutes.”

“I know…” James said, shifting in his seat. This was ridiculous, even for him. Did getting desperate like that shrink his bladder even more somehow? “But, I DID go right before I left, I promise.”

“Okay…” Mom said. “If you’re sure.”

James nodded and hoped the rest of the drive would pass quickly. Once they reached home, James was clutching himself. He tore off his seatbelt and was jumping out of the car before it had stopped moving. He raced inside and into the bathroom, incredibly thankful none of his siblings were already in there. He fumbled his zip down once more, freed his cock and—

OUCH!

OUCH!!

WHY!?

As his stream spilled forth, instead of mind-blowing relief, he felt like he was passing thorns and red pepper flakes through his urethra. It HURT. And, even though he’d felt ready to blow, he was totally done in under ten seconds. When he zipped back up, he ALREADY felt an urge to go yet again!

He was confused, and very scared.

James needed his Mom.

He hurried back outside, where Mom was only just getting out of the car herself. “James,” she said. “Don’t jump out of a moving car no matter HOW bad you need the—“

“Something’s wrong!” James interrupted. “I peed, and it really hurt.”

“…What?”

“It stung and burned a lot,” James said. “And, I had to go really bad but then hardly anything came out? And it still feels like I need to go.”

Mom stared at him, “Must we discuss this outside, sweetie?”

“I’m scared,” James said. “Something’s wrong with me.”

“Come in,” Mom told him, heading back inside. James followed her. “Sweetie, everything you just said is exactly what happened to me when I got a urinary tract infection. Have you been drinking enough water?”

James thought that after today he’d been drinking way too MUCH water! “I think so, I drink lots.”

“Have you been… Cleaning yourself properly… Everywhere?”

James blushed. “Y—Yeah,” he said.

“When you need the toilet, do you go right away?”

“A—As soon as I can,” James said. “But, today I… Um. Mom, is it normal that my boss doesn’t let me use the bathroom when I really, really have to go?”

Mom kept staring at him. “…No, James. That’s not normal at all. Did something like that happen?”

James nodded and recounted the story of the day, explaining how close he’d come to having an accident, how Celia had refused him a restroom break and had mocked him for requesting one, how Mabel had seemed so concerned, how he’d needed a co-worker to help him get relief. “And, I know it’s bad that I peed behind the dumpster, but I couldn’t help it, and—“

“It’s… It’s not bad, James,” Mom interrupted. “With everything else you’ve told me, I don’t think you had much of a choice in that. Do you know who Celia’s boss is?”

James shook his head. He’d assumed Celia didn’t have a boss of her own…

“We need to find that out,” Mom said. “In the meantime, I think you should call off sick.”

“But—“

“You ARE sick, James,” Mom said. “You have an infection. And if you’re being denied toilet breaks at work like this, you’re not going to recover very quickly. You don’t need to deal with Celia right now. You need rest and plenty of water, and to stay close to a bathroom.”

***

“So, then my Mom found out who was in charge of Celia and we made a complaint. And she got fired because Mom was gonna sue,” James concluded. “Which I felt bad about.”

Ethan squeezed James’s hand. “Why? She was horrid to you.”

“Yeah, but she still needs money for food and stuff,” James said.

Ethan sighed. James was such a sweetheart, even to people who seriously didn’t deserve it. “Well. She’d better hope I never meet her,” he said. His heart had been aching so much for James throughout the story; Picturing the poor thing crying in the walk-in freezer had been gut-wrenching. It was mind-boggling to Ethan that anyone could treat James that way. He was James! The most lovable person in the world! How could anyone possibly hate him? Indeed, to most people. To most normal, decent people, James WAS lovable. “I’m glad everyone else was so nice to you that day, though. That must have helped.”

“It did,” James said. He snuggled against Ethan’s chest. “And I like my new boss a lot better than Celia…”

Ethan ran a hand down James’s body. “Heh, I’m glad…”

$$

*051*2022-03-16 18:37

After that, James continued telling Ethan stories of his past desperate experiences. Thanks to his tiny bladder, he had a lot of them. Ethan would sometimes ask him for specific stories. “What’s the worst you’ve ever had to go? Or was I there for that?”

James considered. “Hmm… I think the day we went to the museum is the worst I’ve had to go in a very long time,” he said. “It was definitely the longest I’ve ever held it for. And, for sure, the best I’ve ever felt letting it out!”

“Second worst?” Ethan asked.

“I think that was the time the ski lift got stuck…” James said. “Remember?”

Ethan nodded. He could never forget that day, how both of them had ultimately ended up not making it in time… How nice it had felt to have James cuddle him and praise him as he let go into his pants. “Third worst?”

“Oh, that was probably the first day I was working for you,” James said.

Ethan stared at him. “What?”

“You couldn’t tell!?” James asked, surprised.

“You…” Ethan kept looking at James, thinking back to his first day as his assistant, where he’d given a very long explanation to James about how he wanted everything to be organized. James had been shifting around a lot, he recalled. But, it had never crossed his mind that James was just in need of a toilet break. He’d thought it was just nerves… If he’d known THAT was what had been bugging him, he would have let him know that he could use the restroom… “You needed to pee then?”

James nodded, “REALLY bad. And you kept asking SO many questions, and I could barely think of how to answer!”

Ethan frowned. Now he felt terrible! “Why didn’t you tell me you had to go?”

James laughed. That had been ages and ages ago now, it was so cute Ethan was getting flustered about it anyway. “I was nervous,” James said. “I thought it would be bad to interrupt you, and I thought you’d tell me no anyway since we were in the middle of something.”

“I wouldn’t do—“

“I know that NOW,” James said. “But, I didn’t then, so I just tried to hold it. But, that wasn’t easy!”

In hindsight, now Ethan thought it was pretty obvious that James had been bursting for a pee during his entire spiel that day. James’s knees had been knocking, his feet had been tapping, he’d gotten pretty tense when Ethan poured himself some coffee… If he could go back in time he’d ask James if he needed the toilet and tell him it was alright to go…

But, beyond the memory of James’s now clear pee-dancing, Ethan could also recall that James had stayed right at his desk after Ethan had left him alone to start working… James had stayed there a long time, fidgeting and bouncing his knees up and down. James had stayed there until Ethan had told him it was time for lunch, only then did he get up and scurry to the restroom. “Why did you keep holding it after I’d finished talking to you?”

“Because I didn’t know if it was okay to ask for a break, or if I was allowed to get up.”

“You’re always allowed t—“

“I didn’t know that then,” James said. “I thought it would be unprofessional and that you’d get annoyed if I asked for a break as soon as I was supposed to start working. I was scared you’d think I was trying to slack off or something.”

Poor James… He must have thought Ethan was going to treat him like Celia had. And, now he suddenly remembered the very first time James had asked him for a bathroom break. James had been working for him for a couple weeks, and Ethan had noticed how antsy James always was right before lunch and just before he was supposed to leave, but he’d always assumed his new assistant was just nervous. He’d even advised James to take a few deep, calming breaths during those days to settle himself, something Ethan knew now must have only hurt his bladder.

But, one day, James was even more restless than usual. Ethan noticed James’s hands twitching as he typed up his schedule, and when he’d gone into the office with a patient, he kind of heard James whimper a little… Once Ethan had finished the appointment and the patient had left, James looked at him with the widest eyes Ethan had ever seen. He looked like he was fighting not to cry, and before Ethan could ask if he was okay, he was speaking; “I’m so, so, so sorry! May I please go use the restroom? Please? I promise I’ll be fast!”

Ethan had been taken aback, he was surprised James thought he needed to request permission for that… “O—Of course you can,” he said.

James’s eyes, still big and watery, began to close as he gave Ethan a tense smile, “Thank you, thank you! I promise, I’ll be right back, I promise! Then, he’d hurried from his desk and ran straight for the bathroom, leaving Ethan a little confused by what had just happened.

It made sense now. James had apparently been certain for weeks that Ethan would be angry with him just for needing to pee and would refuse to allow him to do it… He thought back to the very first holding game they’d played, how the whole concept had involved Ethan cruelly denying James what he needed and ordering him to keep working instead. How interesting that something which was apparently a great source of anxiety for James had become a part of his fantasies.

“I think I get it,” Ethan said.

“Get what?”

“Why you wanted me to prevent you from peeing that time,” Ethan explained. “When you wanted me to pretend to be a really controlling boss.”

“I just thought it would be fun,” James said.

“But, you had a traumatic incident where your boss wouldn’t let you pee, one that led to you getting sick,” Ethan said. “Then, when you started to work for me, you were so scared I’d do the same thing that you made yourself hold it. Being denied the restroom when you really need it is something you have anxiety about, isn’t it?”

James thought about it, and realized that Ethan was right. His little bladder always filled up SO fast, so yes, not having access to a toilet or any other suitable receptacle made him nervous. He knew he’d certainly be having an emergency before long. He knew he might end up not being able to wait. So, when someone told him ‘No’ when he asked if he could pee, he did get very stressed out. When someone said he ‘could just hold it’, it made him upset because he KNEW he couldn’t. Sometimes, he got anxious about asking someone for the toilet, because what if they told him ‘no’ and then he had an accident? “It… Is,” he said. “I guess I never really thought about it, though… Heh, guess it’s weird I wanted you to do that to me, then.”

“Not at all,” Ethan assured him. “Like I said, I get it now. It actually makes a lot of sense you’d want me to do that; You wanted me to recreate a bad thing that happened to you, but in an environment where you could actually have control over it, and with someone you trusted. You thought it would be fun, yes. But I think some part of you realized it would also help you feel better about something that bothers you.”

“Ohh,” James said, considering that. A lot of his fantasies were actually based off of emergencies he’d had in the past, emergencies that had been painful or embarrassing for him. But in his fantasies the bad elements were removed and replaced with Ethan. No one was being cruel to him, no one was laughing, no one was teasing, he was just holding it in and then enjoying the feeling of letting it out…

One of the most embarrassing days of his life had happened in fifth grade. His class had gone to the zoo on a field trip, and on the way back there had been a horrific amount of traffic. James had tried his best to make it, but he’d drank two big cups of juice at lunch and he just couldn’t hold them back. He’d soaked himself right there on the bus, his whole class watching as he lost control over himself. A lot of them laughed…

Yet, one thing he loved to imagine was him and Ethan being on a bus together, getting caught in traffic, and James not being able to wait. He liked to picture Ethan holding him close as his pee spilled out of him, cuddling him and telling him it was all okay, no laughing or jeering…

So, James thought Ethan was right. A big element of James’s interest in desperation was a need to gain back some of the control that had been taken from him by his tiny bladder and the cruelty others sometimes showed him in regard to it. “When… When I asked you to pretend to be a mean boss, I kind of wanted it to end with you holding me and saying stuff like ‘I’m so sorry, James! I guess you really DID need to pee! I’ll never make you do that again, I promise.’”

Ethan thought that over. Maybe if James had mentioned that part to him before, that he would be allowed to be nice and kind to his partner in the end, he wouldn’t have been so anxious through all of it. “We could… Try it again,” Ethan said. “I really don’t think I can be as mean as Celia was, but I can DEFINITELY do that ending part for you.”

James stared at his boyfriend, astonished. “Y—You want to make me hold it?!” he asked in complete disbelief.

“Y—Yeah,” Ethan said. “We can try that again. Like I said, I really can’t figure out how to be mean to you, but—“

James grabbed Ethan and squeezed him, “You don’t have to be super mean or rude!” he said. “You can do this whatever way makes you feel best!”

“O—Okay,” Ethan nodded hesitantly. “Did you want me to make you… Um… Wait for ‘too long’?”

“Yeah,” James said. “But, don’t worry, I’ll go stand in the bathtub or something when I’m about to burst. I won’t make a mess.” He clapped his hands together repeatedly. “Ah! I’m so excited!”

And, to his surprise, Ethan was excited too. James was really cute when he got squirmy… Now, if only he could think of a way to order James around that didn’t make him feel like such an awful, horrible jerk.

James went to the kitchen and drank several glasses of water as quickly as he could. He stopped when his stomach started to feel off. To James, one of the hardest things about holding it for fun was that drinking a ton of water super fast tended to make him feel bloated and nauseas before it made him feel desperate to go.

He was okay though, he returned to the living room and smiled at Ethan. “Okay,” he said. “I’m gonna have to pee REAL bad soon.”

Ethan was stunned by how that statement was making him feel, he could hardly believe how much he was looking forward to seeing James wriggle… He thought it was the look in James’s eyes that he liked best; His pupils got so huge, so full of need and eagerness. Or, maybe it was the way he sucked in his breath, short and shallow and rapid. Or, perhaps it was how he jiggled up and down so quickly he ought to have been making himself dizzy…

Oh, who was Ethan kidding, desperate-to-pee James was just cute all over!

“S—So, what do I do?” Ethan asked.

“Pretend we’re at work, and you’re my tough boss, and I have to have your permission to go,” James said. “Like last time, only you don’t have to act all mean since you didn’t like that part.”

Ethan nodded, “Okay…” he hoped he could do this. He really wanted to see James burst, and he knew James WANTED to burst. He just had to come up with ways to deny him relief that didn’t feel cruel.

James took one of the armchairs and Ethan sat on the couch. They watched something on TV for a while, but Ethan wasn’t paying attention to it. He was too busy watching James. It was interesting how much faster James filled up compared to himself. Ethan could have a few glasses of water and be okay for a couple hours before he needed to start planning for a pee break. James could have a few glasses of water and find himself squirming within the hour.

Ethan saw the first sign of James’s need rather quickly when his partner suddenly brought one of his feet up into the chair with him and rocked himself against it. He watched as James bounced in his seat, watched as he squirmed with his face going pink. Several minutes later, James piped up, “Um… Sir?” he asked.

An awkward grin spread across Ethan’s face. James didn’t even call him ‘sir’ when they were ACTUALLY at work… “Yes, James?”

“I need a bathroom break,” James said. “May I go?”

And, once again, Ethan had to fight down his baser instincts, the ones that screamed at him to say “Of course you can go, James! I want you to be comfortable!” He managed to keep himself from saying those words, but the problem was he couldn’t think of any OTHER things to say. “Uh— Um…” he floundered, reminding himself again and again that James WANTED to be denied a toilet break right now. But, James was so cute, and so fidgety, and his body clearly NEEDED Ethan to let him pee! James’s body needed Ethan to take him to the restroom and maybe rub his back a little as he drained himself dry…

That did give Ethan an idea.

It probably wouldn’t fit with the ‘tough boss’ persona in James’s fantasy, but it was definitely something Ethan wouldn’t feel bad about doing!

“No,” Ethan said simply. “It is not time to pee right now, James. You have too much work to do.”

The tremble in James’s lip made Ethan want to take it all back, made him want to say “Oh, I’m just kidding, James! Go ahead and pee!”

“Wha—What do I have to do?” James asked, fingers curling tensely against the armrests of his seat.

“You haven’t reached your hug quota for the day!” Ethan said. “You need to come over here and let me hold you, or I’m afraid you won’t be doing your job properly. No bathroom breaks until all of your requirements have been met, James.”

And then Ethan saw such a sweet smile on James’s lips, his eyes crinkling with delight as he laughed— and Ethan didn’t miss the way he suddenly tensed his legs even more when he did that. “Heheh, THAT’S your idea of a tough boss?”

Ethan blustered at the teasing, “Th—That’s insubordination, James. Now I’m going to need to hug you even longer as punishment.”

James didn’t stop smiling as he moved to the couch to sit beside Ethan. Immediately, Ethan’s arms were around him and he was nuzzling against him. This wasn’t so hard… It was actually kind of nice. He could feel every shift James made, every time his bladder pulsed and made him tense a part of his body. So close, holding onto him, Ethan was able to tell the precise seconds James’s urge to pee was most insistent.

James thought it was nice too. Ethan was ordering him around, denying him relief… In his own affectionate and loving way. He hoped Ethan was liking it better this time, because James was loving it. It was such a warm, pleasant feeling to be restrained like this, Ethan’s tight embrace physically preventing him from standing up and using the toilet like his bladder kept asking him to.

He hadn’t ever thought about it before Ethan had said something, but now James found his love of desperation kind of interesting as well. Right now, nestling against his partner, with the knowledge that he could stop this at any time if he wanted, and with no danger of actually embarrassing himself, the urgent little tingles encompassing the base of his cock felt really good. But, if instead of being safe and sound on the sofa, he was out somewhere in public and unable to find an available urinal, then the needy throbs warning him that he was getting full would just be stressful.

It really was interesting how the very same feeling could be either pleasant or upsetting depending upon the context.

That feeling was beginning to grow, James’s bladder was starting to really ache. He was about to the point where, if he were doing anything else, he’d be moving towards the toilet as quickly as he could. He shimmied his hips, jostling Ethan.

Ethan snuggled his head against James’s side as he felt his squirming increase. “Hmmm… Someone’s moving around a lot, isn’t he?” he said.

“I have to use the restroom,” James said. Ethan was really pinning him down right now, it was hard to squirm or bounce or cross his legs like he needed to. “Could I?”

“Not yet,” Ethan said, squeezing James harder. “We have a tight schedule today, James. If we don’t finish all the hugging on time, we’ll fall behind.”

James squeaked as Ethan’s arms tightened. The pressure was being exerted directly onto his bladder, making it feel like Ethan was trying to juice him like an orange. Was he doing that on purpose? James hoped so… That would mean Ethan was really having fun teasing him. James tensed his thighs up as he fought back the wicked spasms Ethan’s actions were sending through him. He really wanted to hold himself, but he couldn’t manage to get his own arms free of Ethan’s embrace. “I really, really have to tinkle, though…”

Ethan’s arms eased up, and James exhaled a small breath of relief.

Ethan knew he was blushing deeply now. James had said… That again. It was just such an adorable way to phrase it, and something about it spoke so deeply to Ethan’s caring instincts. For whatever reason, it made James sound so absolutely helpless to Ethan’s ears… And, because of that, it made it even harder for him to keep saying no.

‘He wants you to say no,’ Ethan reminded himself. He needed another way to deny him… “N—No, James,” he managed. “We have too much to do, there’s no time for you to tinkle, so you’re going to have to wait.”

James bounced in his seat, a particularly sharp, hot twinge making his whole body jerk. “B—But… What do we have to do?”

Ethan tried to think of something else… “Uh… You… You haven’t kissed me at ALL yet today! How unprofessional!”

James, again, started to laugh. By that point, his bladder was full enough that his giggles caused it to contract hard. He felt liquid begin to pump down the pipe of his penis, felt a little spurt bloom warm and wet over the crotch of his boxers. His snickering was interrupted by a little wincing groan, “Ooohh…”

Ethan released him and sat back, afraid he’d done something to hurt or upset James. “Are you okay?”

“A little bit just came out…” James admitted, allowing a hand to go between his legs, pressing his still dribbling cock against the inside of his thigh. His flow halted after a moment. “I stopped it…”

Ethan stayed still, “You want to keep going?”

“Of course,” James said with a smile. “You didn’t do anything wrong, I’m SUPPOSED to leak, remember?”

“Heh… Right…” Ethan nodded. Warmth was rushing through his veins, pooling scorching hot in his belly. “N—Now, you need to kiss me, remember?”

“Of course,” James said, leaning closer to his partner.

Ethan took James into his arms once more, their lips locking together. Ethan could feel the tension present in James’s jaw as his tongue explored his mouth. Ethan could feel the way his boyfriend’s lip trembled. Ethan could feel James’s desperation as clearly as if it were his own. Or, maybe it was the coffee he’d had that morning making him feel that way.

Uh oh.

It was DEFINITELY the coffee that was making Ethan’s bladder ache…

Remembering what had happened the first time they tried this, Ethan wanted to avoid repeating the mistake and having an accident of his own. The second time James had held it for him, he’d relieved himself in the midst of the game, but he’d felt just awful about it… He parted his lips from James’s and tried to think of what to do.

Ethan’s bladder was getting pretty uncomfortable, sitting full and round in the middle of his body and doing its best to stretch out. He started to tense his thighs together, wondering if maybe he could just wait this out until after the game was completed. An annoying little jab right at his opening told him that he might not be able to do that.

Watching as James jiggled and bounced in his seat, seeing the panic and need on his face, made Ethan’s desire to urinate even stronger. It was as if James’s desperation was contagious, and that thought gave Ethan pause.

Sometimes, he could care for another person so strongly that, when they were hurt, he felt the pain as well. Of course, he knew that was completely psychological. Seeing James flinch after accidentally cutting his finger and feeling his own finger throb in sympathy did not mean Ethan was actually injured.

Maybe then, he didn’t ACTUALLY have to go right now. Maybe it was just his brain playing tricks on him since he was so locked onto what James was experiencing at the moment.

“D…Did you want more kisses?” James asked. He’d been having fun kissing Ethan, it had even gotten his mind off his bladder for a bit. But, now that he had nothing else to occupy himself with, all James could feel were the ripples of need shooting through him.

“Yeah,” Ethan said. “Come here…” And they were back to it.

James melted into Ethan, occasionally rocking against him in an attempt to put a little more pressure onto his straining crotch. He was having so much fun! His body was pleading with him, its voice growing louder and louder. It was demanding him to stop everything he was doing and relieve himself. But, James just stayed where he was, kept kissing Ethan, and told his body that HE was the one in charge right now, and HE wanted to hold it until Ethan said it was time to let it out.

Ethan ran his hands down James’s back, stroking him gently. His own thighs kept squeezing more and more. His urge for the toilet was definitely not just inside his head. He really did have to go. He had to go pretty badly, at that. He thought back to the last time he’d released his bladder, which had been early on in the morning, and several hours ago now. He’d been standing at the toilet, letting it flow freely. James was beside him and talking to him, “Wow, Ethan, that’s a lot! Were you having a pee dream last night?”

And, Ethan had thought about it. “I did, actually. You and I were in this massive line for a restroom, and I was barely holding on. Then, when I finally got in there, all the stalls had these fancy, leather chairs in them instead of toilets. I had to go so badly that I tried not to think about it and just pee on the chair, but it felt so weird that I couldn’t do it.”

James had laughed, and Ethan’s stream had receded a moment later as he shivered. That had felt so good, releasing everything that had accumulated during the night… He wanted to feel that way again. He HAD to feel that way again…

He pulled away from James once again. “J…James…” he said. This was such a tough thing to do! But, Ethan didn’t have a choice. Already his knee was bouncing and the door to the restroom that he could see behind James’s head was much too tantalizing for him to ignore. “I… Um…”

As soon as Ethan had parted from him and stopped providing him with a distraction, James’s need ratcheted up considerably. It suddenly felt like he was having a mallet slammed into his bladder over and over and over again. It felt like a fifty pound canon ball had just been blasted right against his stomach. He doubled over on himself, hands clinging tightly to his dick. “Ooohhh…” he moaned. “M—May I use the bathroom now, please?”

Ethan froze. His chest clenched. James was looking at him with those big, urgent eyes. James needed him to say ‘yes’ so much right now… But, at the same time, James wanted him to say ‘no’. Ethan’s own bladder pulsed more tyrannically inside him and he grit his teeth together. He had to go. He had to go. He really, really had to go.

But, now that James had begged him for relief yet again, Ethan felt even WORSE about going to get it for himself! ‘He wants you to tease him,’ Ethan reminded himself. ‘He wants you to say no and make him wait.’ James may have wanted to be forced to wait, but Ethan’s bladder sure didn’t. “N…No,” he said finally. “Not yet… I…”

James, his hands still glued against his crotch, his legs coiling together as he fantasized about finally being able to pee, picked up on a sudden change in Ethan’s demeanor. So far, he’d been smiling and watching James’s squirming intently. He’d been laughing and happy to give James little, sweet tasks as he held it in.

But, now Ethan was acting like he had the first time. He was acting uncomfortable and uncertain, seemingly scared of doing something wrong and hurting James. “Ethan…? You okay?” he asked.

Of course, James was able to tell something was wrong with him. James could ALWAYS tell when Ethan had something bugging him. “Um… James?” he said, lowering his voice to a whisper. He didn’t know why, they were the only people here. He just had to do SOMETHING to get rid of some of the awkwardness he felt. “I… Er… I… I… Have to go. It’s sort of bad…” Ethan said.

James, not daring to release his cock from his tense grasp, nodded. “Okay…”

“Is that…” Ethan said. “I really don’t want to be cruel to you, James. I can hold it until after we’re—“

“You can go,” James said, and even through the strain in his body he was breathing a little easier. Ethan was fine, just needed some reassurance again. “Really. It’s okay.”

Ethan started to stand up, wincing at the change in gravity, it felt like something was trying to pull his urine right down his shaft and against the Earth. “Are… You sure?”

“I’M the one that’s supposed to hold it today,” James told him. “Not you. If you’ve gotta go, you can go.”

Ethan still hesitated, he swayed back and forth between his feet. If they’d been doing anything else right now, he would have been bolting for the toilet to unload. His body was screaming at him to do exactly that. “I… I don’t want to be mean.”

“It’s NOT mean,” James tried to explain, but he knew that his current appearance must have made Ethan feel like using the bathroom right now would make him an enormous jackass. James was twisting up on himself, and could feel tears in the corners of his eyes from all the strain. “You can go! I—“ James was interrupted by a sudden burst of liquid wetting his tense palms. “Nnnh… I… I want to watch, too!”

“You…” Ethan went still for a second, surprised. But then his bladder got him hopping up and down again. “You want to watch NOW?”

“Yessss!” James hissed between his clenched teeth. “Please, Ethan? It would be fun!”

“O—Okay,” Ethan said. “If you want to…”

James first obstacle was standing up from the couch. He approached the task with some trepidation, certain that if he did it wrong, he would pop and have pee running down his leg for sure. Ethan helped him onto his feet, a few threatening pulses throbbed and throbbed away at his aching opening. He squeezed himself for dear life to keep anything from actually coming out, and he succeeded.

Ethan kept a hand on James’s shoulder as they moved slowly to the restroom. Ethan wished they could get their faster, his bladder was so eager to see the toilet, but he knew going too fast would make James wet the carpet— Something neither of them wanted to have happen.

In the restroom, Ethan stood in front of the toilet, his hands fluttering nervously around his zipper. He turned to James, seeing the other man coiling around on himself, almost kneeling against the floor. “You’re sure…?” he asked one more time.

“I’m sure!” James encouraged. “Go pee, Ethan!”

Ethan pulled down his zipper and freed his cock, aiming down into the bowl. ‘James wants you to do this,’ he assured himself. But, this was drowned out by all his other thoughts. ‘This is cruel! James needs this so much more than you do!’

And, those thoughts made Ethan grow tense. So tense in fact, that he couldn’t get his stream to come out. It wasn’t a wholly unfamiliar feeling; An anxious bladder was rare for him, but it had definitely happened before and would certainly happen again. It was an awful feeling, to need to do something so badly and yet have his own body stop him from doing it. He was grateful that he seldom needed to endure this, but when it DID happen he would sometimes start seething from the frustration.

“Ethan…?” James asked, now sitting on the floor with his knees pulled up to his chest, rocking in place. “You can—“

“I can’t,” Ethan blurted out. “I’m… It’s not working. I feel all—“

“Oh,” James interrupted, catching on immediately. A weight formed in his stomach, one that pressed all too firmly into his bladder. He needed to just accept that Ethan didn’t have it in him to play a game like this. It stressed him out way too much, and now it was making his body hurt… “We can stop,” he said. “If it’s making you too nervous, we don’t need to—“

“No, no,” Ethan said. “We don’t have to quit. I have been having fun today, I promise. Just… This part… It feels SO mean, James.”

“You AREN’T being mean,” James said. “You’re doing what I want.”

Ethan knew that, of course he knew that. He knew that playing this game with James WAS taking care of him, even if it didn’t feel like it right now. Ethan sighed finally, having a new idea. He knew EXACTLY how to relieve his own bladder, AND make James’s burst without making himself feel like a cruel, uncaring monster. He started to pull his pants down his legs.

“What—“

“Change of plans, James,” Ethan said. “Turns out there’s no time for EITHER of us to pee. We’re behind schedule!” Once his pants had been removed, he yanked off his shirt. “We HAVE to shower together NOW if we want to stay on track!”

James flinched. Just the thought of all that warm, rushing water… “B—But, I won’t be able to hold it,” in spite of his protests, he was gingerly crawling to his feet.

“You’ll have to try!” Ethan said. “I’m sure you can do it!”

“I’ll… I’ll try…” James loved showering with Ethan, and the sight of his now totally nude body was making James’s cock throb in a new way. He yanked his hands away from his crotch and winced. He didn’t think that moving them above his head to get his shirt off would do anything worse than taking them off his dick already HAD, but he was wrong. Very, very, very wrong! Stretching out like that also stretched out the skin over his bladder, and made it feel even more like it was going to sear a scorching hole straight through his flesh. Once his shirt was gone, he unbuttoned his pants. He moaned as a tsunami of taut skin was suddenly granted more space to splay out. He allowed his pants to fall around his ankles. “O—Okay, I’m ready.”

“Good boy,” Ethan said, starting to jiggle in place again. ‘You only have to hold it until you’re under the water…’ he reminded himself.

Now that they were both naked, they gazed at each other. Ethan watched as James’s dick twitched with need, straining to hold onto his flood. He stared at the painful, swollen bump located just above James’s member. ‘He’ll be peeing soon too,’ Ethan thought. ‘He’ll feel all better.’

Ethan cranked on the water, and the pair both clutched themselves as they listened to it gush. After a few seconds, when Ethan was sure it would be warm, he climbed into the tub and James followed him. The instant the water hit Ethan’s back, he was wincing, but when James felt the warm liquid spray against him, he moaned loud enough for it to echo. He gripped onto his bare dick once again, water drizzling down his body. “Ethan… I have to tinkle so bad…” he whimpered.

“Try and hold it in, okay?” Ethan said. “Let me wash your back.” Ethan rubbed soap against his partner’s skin, feeling the man tremble and shudder underneath his touch. ‘Just let it out,’ he wanted to say. ‘Let it all go…’ But, James continued to hold it. Ethan was actually pretty impressed, this was the longest he’d ever seen James last. “Now, let’s get your hair,” he said, reaching for the shampoo.

Ethan’s own bladder was spasming with confusion. He’d deny it if anyone ever asked, but peeing in the shower was somewhat a routine for him. He tended to need a pee right around the time he showered each evening, and he didn’t see the point in taking more time to use the toilet before getting into the tub when he could just handle both tasks at the same time.

It hadn’t crossed his mind until now that, after so much time doing that, his body had been sort of ‘trained’. Before he’d made it a habit to pee in the shower, running water hadn’t had much of an effect on his ability to hold his pee. Now though, the sound of his shower head spraying, the feeling of warm water streaming down his body, the steam fogging around him and the sight of the tiles on the wall, all signaled to his bladder that it was time to release.

Ethan was not going to allow himself to pee until after James had, though. But, now that he was being hit by so much visual and auditory stimuli, so many things that had prompted his stream to flow in the past, holding it in was extremely difficult. He actually started to spurt a bit as he rubbed the shampoo into James’s hair.

James was still mumbling, “I really, really have to goooo!”

“You can hold it,” Ethan encouraged, because he knew that was what James wanted to hear. ‘Please hurry up and go,’ he thought to himself.

“But I need to tinkle real bad!” James whined as Ethan ran his hands through his hair and worked the shampoo out of it. “I need the toilet, plea—“ his beg died on his lips as a long, long spray of liquid burst forth from his tip. “Ah— Can’t hold it!” he exclaimed as he clamped the flow off. He restrained himself for one second more, and then it was all over, he was gushing for all he was worth, his pee splattering against the floor of the tub. “I can’t… I can’t… Ahhhhhh….” his panicked tone gave way to a deeply relaxed one as he sighed with relief. “That’s sooo much better…”

He was so relieved that he felt his legs start to give out and he allowed himself to crouch down, sitting on his knees as his dick kept spraying away. Some of his release was getting on his skin now, but he didn’t care. It was washing off.

Ethan had been just about to let out his own stream when he saw James collapse. “Y—You okay!?”

“Ahhhhh…” James moaned again. “I’m fine…” His eyes began to shut gently. “Mmmm…”

James was fine. Good.

James was sitting on the floor of the tub and if Ethan started to pee, then it would probably land on him. Not good.

If Ethan had thought it was hard to hold it in with all the USUAL things his shower entailed, then doing it while James rested in front of him, panting and gasping while letting go of a very full bladder, was downright brutal. Ethan was grateful he was naked, it allowed him to get a good, firm grip on his cock, and he did his best to pinch his opening shut. It kind of hurt, but he did NOT want to accidentally urinate on James right now.

Another thing that wasn’t helping was the fact James was sort of… Babbling. “Ohhhh, yesssss… Feels sooo goooood… Soooo much betterrrrrr….” The delight and relief in James’s words and tone were a wicked tease to Ethan. Ethan felt a few more errant spurts shoot into his hands as he waited and waited and waited.

This was probably the most he’d ever seen come out of James. It was even more than he’d let out that day at the museum. Ethan was stunned by the sight of it, amazed James could actually contain so much. He was peeing so violently that Ethan could tell that this was also a GENUINE loss of control right now, James had held it to his absolute limit, he couldn’t have fit even one more drop into his bladder.

And that prompted a new reaction in Ethan. He was imagining how good James must have been feeling, to have all that agony turn into pleasure so suddenly… James also looked… God, he looked like he was cumming. It was the very same face he made when he orgasmed…

At last, the final drops of James’s pee had trickled out. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I couldn’t hold it anymore.

Ethan released his member and finally allowed his own stream to flow once James stood up. “Aw, it’s okay…” he sighed out. “Look, I couldn’t make it, either…”

James’s eyes trailed down to Ethan’s cock, and at the pee spurting out of its tip. James rubbed Ethan’s back, “Poor thing!” he said. “Guess we both got too busy today, huh?”

“Yeah…” Ethan murmured, so relaxed and happy. It felt wonderful to be letting go, and as had happened so many times now, it wasn’t just his bladder that Ethan was letting go of. Now, he felt himself releasing his fear and trepidation, his anxiety that he would do something to James when they played these games that resulted in him getting hurt or upset. He knew now that he could make James hold it, and he could do it without thinking of himself as a monster.

Ethan then recalled exactly how James had wanted the game to end, and when the last of his pee had gushed to the floor, he said; “I’m so sorry, James! I guess you really DID need to pee! I’ll never make you do that again, I promise.” He held James softly. There was something else he wanted to say. “I mean… Not unless you want me to.”

James beamed, “We can do this again?”

“We can,” Ethan said. “It was fun, I took care of you, didn’t I?”

“Yeah,” James agreed. “You did a really good job.”

$$

