Alice and the Omobar - Part 3 - Life drawing

Author: sttl88

*000*2021-07-25 06:00

Hi everyone,

I’m still slowly writing this story, sorry it has taken me so long to finish the next chapter!

In case you missed them:

Part 1 - the interview

Part 2 - the first day

Here is part three. Warning: contains nudity and lesbian sex

###

“Life drawing class. Come desperate.”

That’s what the message had said. Alice was becoming accustomed to unusual requests and situations where her bladder control was stretched right to the limit. This sounded relatively… normal?

‘Probably be a weird twist to it somewhere’ she thought as she pulled white panties over her smooth thighs and nestled them against her already damp crotch. That was another thing she was becoming accustomed to. As soon as a message came through, her mind would race about the incredible, intense feeling of being utterly bursting to pee and desperately clinging on, shaking with the pleasure and effort.

Several times she had lost control on the edge of a mind-blowing orgasm and just thinking about it made her tingle with excitement. Over her panties she pulled a pair of jeans, threw on a bra which matched the panties and a t-shirt and finished her third beer. Her bladder was sending signals already. Better get a move on.

By the time she arrived at the Omobar, she was tapping her foot and her tight jeans were digging in to her bladder. Alice took the elevator down to the executive changing rooms and discovered that Rachel was already there. Alice was the most attracted to, and also most intimidated by Rachel of all the girls working at Omobar. She had a smouldering look and a voice that always sounded like she was going to pounce on you and rip your clothes off with her teeth.

“Evening gorgeous” she purred. Alice felt her pussy get a little wetter.

“What have we got in store today?”

“We will be working very closely together I think” Rachel winked and Alice felt a little flutter in her chest and a bigger flutter in her bladder. She crossed her legs.

“Oh really?” Often the girls were booked by separate groups so it seemed like the thing Rachel was suggesting would be slightly unusual. “In what way?”

“Life drawing. Simple as that. The clients want two desperate models, trying to hold their pee whilst holding a pose.” Rachel looked incredible. How could one woman look so sexy all the time?

Alice stared at the blonde, mentally running her hands over those smooth curves, maybe taking a nipple in her mouth, maybe slipping her hand into Rachel’s panties. Her bladder brought her back with a jolt. She quickly grabbed her crotch for a moment to regain control. Got it felt good.

“So we’re both posing together?” Alice asked, removing her hand with reluctance.

“They have a bunch of different ideas I think.” Rachel bounced up and down a couple of times “God I hope they are quick though, I went a bit too hard on the drinks and I really need a wee. It’s making me horny as fuck!”

Alice took a shuddering breath. “Me too. Beer always hits me quick.” She took a step towards Rachel.

The girls stared at each other for a few seconds, just a few inches apart. Rachel reached her hand forwards and it brushed Alice’s stomach, who winced and pushed her legs together tighter, not breaking eye contact.

Rachel took Alice’s hand and pressed it gently against her bladder. It was as hard as a rock. Images of Rachel being unable to hold this cascade of pee any longer flashed through Alice’s mind, causing her crotch to get even wetter. This woman was holding a huge amount of pee already. Alice caught herself thinking wild thoughts about burying her face in Rachel’s desperate pussy, tasting juices and pee and…

Alice’s breathing was getting faster. As her concentration left her bladder her pee was pushing with more force. She was stepping from foot to foot, twisting her legs together and trying to pull her mind away from Rachel’s vagina.

Suddenly, as if she was reading Alice’s mind, Rachel started sliding Alice’s hand lower. Alice felt her fingers brushing the waistband of Rachel’s jeans, then traveling slowly inside. She felt the lace of her panties, and still Rachel slowly pushed her hand lower. A brush of coarse and neatly trimmed hair, still lower. Alice felt the wetness. It coated the inside of Rachel’s panties, her clit, labia and everywhere else. Alice could barely contain her pee. Her excitement and arousal was peaking and her bladder control was weakening fast. A dribble escaped, and Alice took her other hand and jammed it into her crotch. She was on the verge of losing control, but couldn’t bring herself to pull away from Rachel’s intense stare, heavy breathing, rock hard bladder and soaking wet panties.

So the women stayed there for a few seconds. Alice’s hand inside Rachel’s panties and outside her own. Both girls squirming and trying to keep pee inside them. Alice bent her middle finger slightly and felt is slide effortlessly over the slippery folds of Rachel’s labia. Rachel took a shuddering breath. The finger brushed Rachel’s clit, swollen and begging for attention. Rachel let out a little moan, still not breaking eye contact. Suddenly, Rachel’s eyes closed in concentration and Alice felt a hot spray of pee hit her fingers and heard the momentary hiss.

“Aaarrrhhh” Rachel growled, pulling away and putting both hands in her crotch. “I can’t control myself around you” she smiled a mischevious smile. “I’ll get you for that.” She closed her eyes, regained her composure and, after ten seconds or so, removed her hands. There was a wet patch on her jeans.

“Better get naked then” she breathed, and did exactly that. Alice watched as jeans and panties slid down over smooth thighs, spreading the wetness from Rachel’s crotch to the inside of her thighs. Her pussy glistened in the warm light. Rachel pulled her top and bra off in one motion, giving Alice a head on view of her beautiful breasts. “Your turn” she said to Alice, lifting one leg and squirming her curvy hips desperately.

Alice followed suit and soon both women were standing there nude, legs crossed, bent slightly at the waist.

“Showtime” smiled Alice, and they pushed open the doors and headed into the bar.

Inside there was a central podium, raised slightly, with several spotlights illuminating it. Around the edge were eight people, 5 men and three women as far as Alice could tell, with easels, paints, charcoal and all kinds of other artistic paraphernalia. A commanding woman stood in the centre of the podium, beckoning them over. She was talking at them before they even arrived.

“The point of this class is for us to draw the human body in multiple positions whilst the bladder is full. We are studying the location of the organs and how they can be viewed externally and so we need to see your bladders bulge outwards as much as possible.”

She raised an eyebrow at Alice who was stepping from foot to foot rapidly, trying to hold her pee. “And you must keep still, or we can’t draw you properly”

Alice felt a moment of fear. Keep still? Pee was about to burst out of her and moving around was the only thing holding it in! She nodded and thrust her hand into her crotch, forcing her legs to stop shaking. She had momentarily forgotten how incredibly wet she was, but her hand confirmed that she had got, if anything, even wetter.

“None of that either” the woman said scornfully. “You’re naked for a reason, we need to be able to see… all of you”

Alice nodded again, and clenched her bladder shut with all her strength. No moving and no holding. How was she supposed to stop herself peeing everywhere? Her pee burned to come out, her bladder was pulsing with the beat of her heart and yet she held on. The woman was telling them where and how to pose.

“Legs apart, hold your hands together above your head. You!” The woman pointed at Alice. “Over here, facing her, same position”

Alice stood where instructed, put her hands above her head with her fingers clasped together. It stretched her bladder and she raised her knee slightly as her pee tried to escape. She felt a slap on her inner thigh as the woman pushed her legs apart.

‘Fuck me I am desperate now’ Alice thought to herself.

The woman sat down in the circle and Alice heard some rattling of pencils or charcoals or something as the artists began their work. She forced herself to breathe slowly. To just take it one minute at a time. The intensity of the stretched position, the pounding of her bladder and the complete exposure of her naked form was making her heart beat faster and her fingers tingle with excitement. All she could think about was how desperately her body needed to pee.

‘If I don’t distract myself with something, I’m going to explode’ she thought to herself. Luckily, the perfect distraction was right in front of her.

Rachel’s dark nipples were pointing straight at Alice. Alice’s eyes feasted on the soft curve of Rachel’s breasts, the smooth, flat stomach, stretched longer by the pose, curving down over a huge bladder bulge to a patch of dark blonde, nearly trimmed hair. The hair stopped at the edge of a glistening slit, lips bulging slightly with arousal. Rachel’s legs were the perfect distance apart to reveal her wetness as it slowly trickled down her left thigh. Alice imagined taking her tongue and slowly licking over that beautiful pussy, hard enough to taste the juices but soft enough to just be teasing. She imagined Rachel being unable to hold the flood back any more and pee exploding into her mouth as the blonde desperately tried to stop it coming out.

“Stop moving” the woman’s voice was sharp and reprimanding. Alice realised she was grinding her hips, her clit searching for some stimulation and her pee hole searching for something to help its exhausted muscles. Alice wasn’t sure which was a more desperate need.

With an enormous effort, she forced herself to stand still again and brought her focus back above Rachel’s waist. Her chest was heaving, breasts moving up and down with the rhythm. With a little shock, Alice realised that Rachel was looking right at her, not breaking eye contact for a moment. Her beautiful big eyes staring right into Alice’s dirtiest thoughts. Rachel was shaking slightly, biting her bottom lip. Every minute or so, her brow would furrow and her eyes would squint slightly as she fought back wave after wave of frantic desperation.

Alice estimated that about 30 minutes had passed since the encounter in the changing room. Rachel’s bladder had been rock solid then and she had needed to grab herself to stop peeing after Alice touched her. Had she said what she had been drinking? Alice couldn’t remember but if Rachel had been that desperate half an hour ago, she must be utterly frantic now.

Some minutes later, both girls were on the verge of losing control. Both were shaking, neither could stop grinding their hips and at one point Alice had even had to break the pose for a second to grab herself as she almost lost control. The whole time, neither girl had broken eye contact.

This time it was Rachel’s turn to almost lose it. “No” she said quickly and quietly as both her hands dove for her crotch. Alice broke eye contact and stared. The river of liquid from Rachel’s crotch had progressed from her upper thigh to half-way down, and both of her thighs glistened with moisture. Shuddering and panting, Rachel brought it under control again and raised her hands back above her head. Alice saw a worried look in her eyes, but also an orgasmic weakness like she was on the verge of coming.

The woman’s voice snapped Alice out of her dreams again. “Ok, you can stop now.”

Alice’s bladder seemed to double in pressure as her brain relaxed her muscles. Was this the end? She grabbed her crotch with all her might, twisting her legs together and grinding her fingers into her pee hole. She couldn’t believe how slippery her crotch was, she could barely grip on to anything.

“Fuck fuck fuck can we pee now?” Rachel was sitting on her heel, grinding it forcefully between her legs, whilst scissoring them together and apart, together and apart.

“Of course not, it’s only been an hour” the woman looked incredulous.

An hour? It felt like three. Alice was on the very very edge of control as every other part of her body tried to push the pee out past her hands.

“The second pose. You.” She pointed at Alice. “Lie here.” Alice did as she was told and lay down in the centre of the circle on her back, hands frantically trying to apply enough pressure to her crotch to stop the flood. The weight of her bladder intensified as gravity pulled it downwards. She whimpered slightly but bit her lip. If only she wasn’t so incredibly wet she’d be able to hold on a bit better. It felt incredible having her hands there, pushing against her pulsating clit. She felt her muscles go weak with excitement, pleasure and pain.

“You, put your knees here” the woman slapped the ground by Alice’s ears, “your hands here,” she slapped the ground again, either side of Alice’s butt, “and your face here,” Alice’s inner thigh.

Rachel tentatively obeyed, rising slowly off her heel and quickly putting her hands in her crotch as a replacement. She was taking enormous care not to jolt her tortured bladder. Her smooth thigh moved over Alice’s head, suspending her hands and crotch, glistening with pee and her juices, directly above Alice’s face.

“I’m going to need you to help me hold this” Rachel whispered, flicking her tongue out for a tiny moment. Slowly she took three deep breaths and removed her hands, revealing a swollen, soaking wet pussy which was clearly straining with effort. Rachel put her head between Alice’s legs and Alice felt her blonde hair tickle the inside of her thighs and the backs of her hands, which were still clinging to her crotch.

“Your hands go here” the woman said abruptly, slapping Rachel’s hips.

At the exact moment of the slap, Rachel gasped and a jet of pee squirted forcefully out of her pee hole, which was just inches from Alice’s face, hitting Alice on the forehead. Instinctively, Alice shoved a hand against the source of the squirt, leaving her with one hand in her own crotch and one on Rachel’s who was desperately shaking and grinding trying to hold back the flood. Rachel’s pussy felt incredible. Warm, soft, so wet it felt like satin. Alice could feel the bump of her swollen clit against her palm and the clenching of her pelvic floor muscles in her fingertips as she tried to hold on.

“Are you quite ready?” Disdain again from the woman.

“Mmh hmm” Rachel grunted in acknowledgement.

Alice took both her hands, each one wet with different juices, and placed them on Rachel’s hips as instructed. Rachel’s hair tickled her crotch in a way that was almost impossible to bear. It partly felt like pee flowing out of her, making her bladder scream even louder, and partly like the gentlest of touches, sending her into a wild frenzy of arousal.

But the most arousing thing Alice had ever seen was suspended just above her face. Rachel’s legs were open and her pussy lips slightly parted. Alice could smell a mixture of pee and hot juices and feel the heat radiating from the poor tortured crotch. Rachel was so wet she was dripping onto Alice’s chin. She was frantically grinding back and forth, like her pussy was searching for anything that could help its terrible pressure, but it found nothing.

Alice was in her own world of desperation. It felt like the whole world was trying to push its way out of her pee hole. She wanted desperately to clamp her legs together but Rachel’s head stopped that. A particularly strong wave hit. Alice could feel it coming. She wiggled her hips and pushed her crotch up and down, squeezing her muscles as tightly as possible bit it wasn’t enough. A trickle made its way out of her, running down into her crack and on to the floor. She whimpered again. The flood was coming and without any help, she couldn’t stop it. Another trickle. Frantic wiggling, squeezing, breathing hard. A spurt. And then…

Just as the unstoppable flood pushed Alice beyond her breaking point, something warm pressed itself against her crotch, locking the pee in her bladder for a little longer. It flicked her clit and fireworks shot through Alice’s body. Her hands went numb and her legs started to shake. Rachel’s tongue lapped up and down her slit, teasing, stroking her clit, pressing hard on her pee hole every few seconds just as Alice felt herself losing control. Alice was on the verge of peeing and the very edge of orgasm simultaneously, but Rachel’s skillful tongue knew exactly how to keep both just a tiny bit out of reach.

Drip, drip. Rachel’s juices were flowing even faster now, together with a tiny rivulet of pee which had emerged from the poor girl’s tortured urethra. Rachel subtly widened her thighs, lowering her pussy on to Alice’s face just as a hot spurt of pee shot out of her again.

“Help” Rachel begged. Alice didn’t need any more than that. She clamped her mouth on to the straining pussy, tasting the metallic tang of the juices and the faint acidity of diluted pee. The taste drove Alice further and deeper into her sexual haze. She didn’t know where Rachel ended and her mouth began. Her bladder was pounding and her clit was sending electric shocks through her body as Rachel lapped at her pussy.

Alice was lost. The sharp pain in her bladder had migrated all the way to the very tip of her pee hole. The pleasure in her clit was making her whole body shake violently. She was having trouble concentrating on what her own mouth was doing.

“Please help” Rachel begged again and Alice realised she had been focusing on her own crotch too much and was barely moving her tongue on Rachel’s pussy. Rachel was trying desperately to hump Alice’s face to keep her pee inside but it was leaking out regularly. Alice buried her face between Rachel’s thighs with renewed fervor, her own haze of desperation reaching its peak. Sucking, thrusting and lapping between Rachel’s legs.

Everything was wet, everything was slipping over everything. The artists and their charcoal forgotten, Alice felt Rachel shaking harder and harder, pain and pleasure blurring together.

“Too.. much…” Rachel gasped, but it was too late. Alice’s tongue danced over Rachel’s clit again. Rachel’s legs tried to squeeze together as she started to cum, but Alice’s head was in the way. Pee exploded from Rachel’s pussy, shooting into Alice’s face and spraying out all over the two women. Pee ran in rivers down Alice’s cheeks and neck as it poured out of Rachel. Rachel’s legs were shaking and convulsing violently as the orgasm took over her body and her arms gave way, causing her breasts to crash directly into Alice’s bladder. That was the final straw for Alice, as she felt pee burst out of her crotch. Rachel’s tongue shook with the same intensity as the rest of her body, assaulting Alice’s clit.

As pee gushed from her swollen bladder, The relief of finally peeing mixed with the constant clit stimulation and the sight of Rachel’s pulsating orgasm pushing waves of pee from her body was enough to push Alice over the edge too. She felt the orgasm coming, wave after wave after wave, charging though her body, emanating in pulses from her crotch and spreading intense numbness and convulsions through her entire body.

Pee poured out of both women, both shaking as the orgasms went on and on, both still pushing their tongues between the other’s thighs.

It took almost two minutes for both bladders to empty and both orgasms to subside. Rachel lay, exhausted, on top of Alice, mouth still buried in her crotch. Alice’s lips were still against Rachel’s slit as both girls lay spent, surrounded by a pool of their shared urine, panting and slowly coming back to reality. Alice wanted to lie here forever, to smell this smell, taste this taste and feel this feeling until she died.

Neither Alice nor Rachel were in any position to notice or care, but the sharp woman in charge of the artists nodded to herself.

“That’ll do”

###

Do you want a trip to the Omobar? Anything goes, as long as there is desperation involved. Let me know what the next chapter should look like in the comments below and I will try and make it happen

Thanks for your support!

