A Kink in the Plan -- A Monogatari Story Starring Senjougahara and Hanekawa

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-12-05 06:08

Another Commission! This one's a direct sequel to the story here: 

$/90817-hitagi-waterfall-a-monogatari-series-story-staring-senjougahara-hitagi/

It features Senjougahara and Araragi going on a date where Senjougahara intends to indulge in Araragi's omo fetish, with an unexpected guest joining in~ I hope you all enjoy! 

A Kink in the Plan 

Senjougahara found herself staring up at her bedroom ceiling, shuffling with her legs pressed together as she laid in her bed. Butterflies swarmed in her stomach and her heart raced as she ran through the plans for tomorrow in her mind. She visualized them, repeating them in her mind like a mantra, as if memorizing them would make her feel any less uneasy. 

First, the restaurant. Then the amusement park. We’ll ride the ferris wheel they just opened up. Then a quiet hike up the nearby mountain trail to a lake where we can gaze up at the stars alone. 

These were the plans for Araragi’s birthday, which was tomorrow. Usually, Senjougahara had full confidence in her date plans. She was good at planning and she knew Araragi was someone who went with the flow and would enjoy their time together regardless of what they did. However, tomorrow was different. She was going to be stepping out of her zone of comfort, quite literally. 

Senjougahara squeezed her thighs together and bit her lip. She grabbed her phone and read the time. 

Nearly 2 hours… is this my limit? 

Senjougahara’s bladder swelled and pressed out against the hem of her shorts as she squirmed on her bed desperately. She was bursting. While it might not seem like it, this was also preparation for tomorrow. Senjougahara recently discovered that Araragi had a fetish for girls who had to pee, and for his birthday, Senjougahara fully intended to indulge him in that fetish. 

It was for that reason that Senjougahara was so nervous about tomorrow, and why she was lying on her bed, squirming as she desperately held back the flood building up in her abdomen. She wanted to gauge how long she could hold it after she started feeling the need to use the bathroom, to know how to pace herself so she could make it through to the end of her date with Araragi. 

A bit longer. I can hold it a bit longer. 

Trying to push herself a little further, Senjougahara placed a hand on her abdomen and rubbed her knees together. She closed her eyes and once again ran through the plans for tomorrow in her mind to distract herself from her urgent need. 

I’ll pick him up and drive him to the restaurant. He’s turning old enough to drink, so I want to give him the option. Then after dinner we can walk to the amusement park. I picked a restaurant close enough that it won’t be uncomfortable. I should have to pee by then. By the time we get to the ferris wheel, I should be desperate enough that he notices. Then we can leave and hike to the lake so when I do wet myself, it’s just in front of Koyomi. 

Senjougahara blushed at the very thought of wetting herself in front of Araragi. Her heart raced just thinking about his reaction, and her bladder spasmed at the thought. She had to reach down and squeeze herself as she let out a desperate moan. She was quickly reaching her limits. 

Suddenly, the phone beside her rang, and the sudden noise startled Senjougahara enough that she felt a small leak escape into her underwear. She clamped herself shut and rolled over on her side, scrunching herself up and jamming both hands to regain control. She managed to hold on, and quickly reached for her phone. 

“Hello?” she spoke, trying not to sound so strained. 

“Senjougahara-senpai!” a familiar voice called from the other end of the phone. 

“Oh, Kanbaru. It’s you.” 

“Hey, what’s with that reaction?” Kanbaru whined. 

In truth, Senjougahara expected it to be Araragi, and answered without double-checking. If she had known it was just Kanbaru, she would’ve left her hanging. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to talk to her old classmate, but right now, Senjougahara was bursting, and she didn’t want to get into a lengthy phone conversation with anyone unless it was necessary. 

“What did you want?” Senjougahara asked curtly, struggling to sit up. As she did so, she felt herself put pressure on her aching bladder, and she squirmed and rubbed her legs together frantically. 

“I was just going to ask about tomorrow!” Kanbaru asked excitedly, “Are you really going to do it? Wet yourself for Araragi, I mean?” 

Senjougahara sighed. She should’ve known Kanbaru called for something like that. 

“Isn’t it rather bold of you to ask your senpai about her intimate plans with her boyfriend?” Senjougahara pointed out, bouncing slightly on her bed. 

“Of course,” Kanbaru replied, fully owning up to her shamelessness, “Did you expect anything different from me?” 

“I suppose not,” Senjougahara sighed, “I suppose you won’t settle for me saying that’s a private matter.” 

“Well, if it’s really something you’d rather keep private, that’s fine. But I’m already invested! After all, we did wet ourselves together specifically to test if it was something you wanted to do for Araragi-senpai.”

“Considering the point of that was supposed to be a test, I think it’s unfair to use that as a reason why I should tell you what I intend to do in front of Koyomi,” Senjougahara pointed out. She was suddenly hit with a strong wave of desperation, and leaned forwards as she jammed her free hand between her legs. She was nearing her limit. 

“So, you don’t intend to tell me then?” Kanbaru asked, sounding disappointed. 

Senjougahara bit her lip as she carefully stood up. She shuffled and danced her way over to just outside her bathroom door so she could rush in as soon as the phone call was over. The fastest way to cut this phone call short was to tell Kanbaru what she wanted to know. 

“Well, seeing as you’re a shameless person who won’t think any different of me or Koyomi either way, I suppose I have no reason to hide it. Actually, something tells me that you’d respect me more if I told you I was willing to do it,” Senjougahara acquiesced, “So yes, I do intend on holding it on our date tomorrow.” 

“I knew it!” Kanbaru cheered on her end of the phone, “You’re hopeless when it comes to Araragi-senpai, aren’t you?” 

Senjougahara was about to voice her rebuttal, but she was hit by another desperate wave as she paced back and forth outside her bathroom. Perhaps being able to look in through the door and see the toilet was making it worse. She doubled over, squeezing her thighs together with her hand firmly jammed against her crotch. 

When she was finally sure she wouldn’t leak again, Senjougahara responded, “It’s not that I’m hopeless. I just deeply care for him. And while it does make me nervous, I am comfortable enough with the idea of wetting myself in front of him, if it’s something he’ll enjoy.” 

“I’m sure he will,” Kanbaru replied, “After all, if someone’s keeping around doujin of that in their room, it’s gotta be a fantasy they have in real life. Probably.” 

“What do you mean ‘probably’?” Senjougahara asked, her urgent need temporarily replaced by worry. 

“Well, I mean, it is possible to find something appealing in manga or novels, but not actually want to experience it in real life,” Kanbaru pointed out. 

“Do you think that might be the case for Koyomi’s interest in girls needing to pee?” 

“Well, I’m sure it’s nothing like that with him,” Kanbaru answered, “After all, he is kind of a pervert.” 

“That’s a bit hypocritical, coming from you.” 

“Well, I’m not kind of a pervert. I’m the real deal.” 

“You shouldn’t be so proud of that.” 

Senjougahara felt her bladder spasm and once again glanced towards her bathroom and relief longingly. 

“Well, you won’t know for sure until you try it out tomorrow, but I’m sure Araragi-senpai’s the kind of person who wants to experience his fantasies in real life. So I wouldn’t worry about it too much.” Kanbaru concluded. 

“I hope you’re right,” Senjougahara replied, her voice a bit strained as she fought against her bladder. She was definitely at her limit. She hoped her frantic shuffling and heavy breathing as she tried desperately to hold it in wasn’t coming across over the phone. If it was, Kanbaru gave no indication that she had noticed it. 

“Anyway, I have to go, I’m currently making plans for tomorrow, and I need to get some rest too,” Senjougahara replied, trying not to sound too rushed as she tried to end the call. 

“Sure thing! Let me know how it goes!” Kanbaru responded. 

Had it been at any other time, Senjougahara might have argued that she wasn’t going to disclose the events of her date with Araragi so readily, especially the more intimate details, but she didn’t have time. She quickly hung up and bolted into her bathroom, not even bothering to close the door as she tore off her pajama shorts and panties and planted herself firmly on the toilet seat. 

Instantly, the dam burst, and she started peeing full force into the toilet. She leaned forwards, panting in relief as she heard her stream spray hard against the side of the toilet bowl. She reached down and rubbed her abdomen, still swollen even as she peed. Senjougahara checked the time again. It had been nearly 2 hours and 30 minutes since she first noticed her need to pee. That was her limit. She would have to pace herself and keep that time in mind for tomorrow. 

Senjougahara’s stream continued to ring and splash against the side of the bowl as she fully emptied herself out into the toilet. Blissful relief washed over her and she let out a sound somewhere between a sigh and a moan. She had to admit finally letting it out after holding it for so long did feel somewhat sensual, and she wondered if that was part of the sexual appeal for Araragi. 

Her mind was then brought back to the conversation she just had with Kanbaru. Senjougahara had already been worried about the date before, but the idea that maybe she had misunderstood Araragi’s interests solely based on the doujins she found in his desk drawer certainly didn’t help. Maybe Kanbaru was right, and Araragi was only into it when it was fictional, and wouldn’t actually enjoy Senjougahara wetting herself in front of him. 

Then again, she was also inclined to agree with Kanbaru’s conclusion. Araragi was definitely drawn to physical intimacy, and seemed like the kind of person who would prefer a real-life interaction over images on paper. Senjougahara was mostly sure Araragi would be receptive to her surprise. Though the doubt now planted in her mind nagged at her even as she tried to rationalize it. 

I’ll just have to be careful and watch Koyomi’s reactions tomorrow. 

As she tried to reassure herself, she finally finished up relieving herself and let out one final content sigh before wiping herself up, pulling up her panties and pajama shorts, and flushing the toilet. She felt the damp patch where she had leaked into her panties press against her crotch and frowned. She’d have to change out of them before bed. 

After washing her hands and taking care of that, Senjougahara found herself once again laying in bed, staring up at her ceiling. She turned off the lights in her bedroom and closed her eyes, trying to force herself to sleep, even as her mind raced with thoughts and worries about the next day. 

*** 

Senjougahara focused intently out the window as she drove, carefully weaving through pedestrians and the busy traffic around them as they made their way through the city. Next to her was Araragi, who was glancing over at her regularly. Senjougahara allowed herself a small smile. While it didn’t take much to catch Araragi’s attention, the outfit she had chosen was clearly working on him. 

She was wearing a short but elegant dark blue dress that clung tightly to her curves and stopped less than halfway up her thighs, with matching heels and a small white high-cut jacket. The straps of the dress crossed over her collarbone and wrapped around her neck, and she was showing off quite a bit of cleavage. From how poorly Araragi was doing keeping his eyes off of her as they drove, she could tell it was to his liking. 

Araragi himself was dressed in a simple button-up black shirt with a red blazer, and black slacks. His hair was also neatly combed and parted, minus the ever-present, untamable antennae of hair. 

“Hey, Hitagi, are you sure you wanted to drive?” Araragi asked, glancing around nervously through the crowded city streets. 

“Of course,” Senjougahara answered, “Even if I had known you were going to get a car for your birthday, I wouldn’t want anything to happen to it the first day. And I’m more experienced driving in the city than you.” 

Aararagi nodded, “That’s true.” 

“Besides,” Senjougahara continued, “You just turned 20, so you can order drinks.” 

“Ah, right, I almost forgot about that,” Araragi glanced over at Senjougahara again before looking out the window, “It’s weird, it’s one of those things that I’ve always thought about, but now that I’m old enough to, it doesn’t seem like that big of a deal.” 

“Well, I won’t make you order drinks if you don’t want to, but I figured I’d drive to give you the option.” 

“No, I’ll probably drink some,” Araragi replied, “At the very least, it’s something I should experience as part of my 20th birthday.” 

“It’s okay to let loose tonight,” Senjougahara encouraged him. 

Senjougahara turned into a parking garage close to the restaurant and she pulled up into the platform. She then input her information into the automated kiosk and received a ticket. She grabbed it and she and Araragi stepped out of her car. She made sure the car was locked and her side mirrors were folded up before stepping clear of the platform and hitting the button on the kiosk. She and Araragi stepped back, watching as the platform began to move and stowed her car into the parking garage. 

“The restaurant’s only a few blocks away,” Senjougahara informed Araragi as they started off. She linked her arm around him and felt him stiffen up slightly, but then relax as the two walked off. 

As they walked, Senjougahara assessed her bladder. Currently, she didn’t need to pee at all. That was good, it would give her plenty of time to spend at the restaurant with Araragi, and meant she was in no rush to get through their date night’s events quickly. 

The sun was starting to set as the two walked the remaining distance to the restaurant Senjougahara picked out. It was somewhat fancy, but not overly formal, and was well known for their grilled meats and fish dishes, which Araragi quite enjoyed. They also had a bar with an extensive menu, something that Senjougahara also factored in when choosing the location. 

As the two walked up to the entrance, however, Senjougahara paused in surprise. Standing there was a familiar face, and once she certainly hadn’t expected to see tonight. 

“H-H-Hanekawa!” Araragi exclaimed, equally as surprised as she was. 

“Oh, hello, Araragi-kun. Hitagi-san!” Hanekawa smiled politely, adjusting her glasses. 

“What brings you out here tonight?” Senjougahara asked, giving Hanekawa a once-over. She was wearing a rather revealing v-neck blouse with the top button left unfastened, exposing much of her ample cleavage. The blouse itself was tight-fitting and accentuated her breasts and waist, and to top it off she was wearing a tight black skirt and stockings, with a pair of high-heeled boots. It was not an outfit Hanekawa would wear just walking around casually. 

“Oh, well, actually, it’s quite embarrassing,” Hanekawa looked down sheepishly, “You see, I believe I’ve been stood up.” 

“Stood up?” Araragi asked, surprised. 

“Yes. A friend of mine set me up on a blind date, but I’ve been waiting here for a little over an hour. I don’t think they’re going to show up.” 

“I’m so sorry,” Araragi apologized. 

“It’s okay. I wasn’t expecting much to come of it,” Hanekawa brushed it off, but Senjougahara could tell she was still let down over it, “Anyway, is that why you two are here? On a date?” 

“Yes,” Senjougahara nodded, “It’s Koyomi’s birthday.” 

“Oh that’s right, I totally forgot!” Hanekawa gasped, “Happy birthday, Araragi-kun!” 

“Thank you,” Araragi nodded. 

“What’s your plan now?” Senjougahara asked. 

“Well, I’m here, so I might as well just eat myself and then go home,” Hanekawa answered. 

Araragi and Senjougahara looked at each other in understanding, and Senjougahara nodded. 

“Nonsense, you can join us,” Araragi offered. 

“What? Oh no, I could never…!” Hanekawa gasped, “I wouldn’t want to intrude on your date.” 

“It would be selfish of me not to let you join us after getting stood up like that,” Senjougahara insisted, “Besides, beyond our date, it’s Koyomi’s birthday, and I’m sure he wouldn’t be happy with letting you go off on your own just to give us space.” 

“Well,” Hanekawa paused, “As long as you two are sure.” 

“We’re sure,” Araragi nodded, “Now come on, let’s grab a table.” 

While Senjougahara wasn’t about to leave Hanekawa to go off on her own after getting stood up on a date, this did throw a wrench in her plans. She had fully intended to hold it and wet herself in front of Araragi tonight, but now with Hanekawa there, she was less sure about that plan. 

I guess it all depends on how long Hanekawa joins us for. If she joins us for dinner and we part ways after, I still have the ferris wheel ride and the hike up the mountain to hold it in front of Koyomi. 

As Senjougahara wracked her brain about her plans, they started discussing ordering drinks. 

“I suppose, since it’s my 20th, I’ll order some sake,” Araragi decided. 

“I’ll have a small beer,” Senjougahara requested, “I want to make sure I can drive home after our plans.” 

She also didn’t want to test her bladder under the effects of alcohol, but naturally she wasn’t going to admit that out loud. She then turned to Hanekawa. 

“Hanekawa-san, you’re old enough to drink, right?” 

“Ah, yeah, I suppose,” Hanekawa answered. 

“You should go ahead and order something,” Senjougahara offered, “On me.” 

“Oh no, I wouldn’t want to impose more than I am already,” Hanekawa shook her head sheepishly. 

“Nonsense,” Senjougahara sighed, “If there’s a time to drink, it’s definitely after getting stood up on a date. I can drive you home too, if that’s a concern.” 

“Oh no, it’s fine, I took a train here,” Hanekawa shook her head. 

Senjougahara suddenly noticed Hanekawa shuffling in her seat. Maybe it was because her mind was already on the subject of needing to pee for her surprise for Araragi later, but her first thought was Hanekawa might have to use the bathroom. 

She did say she was waiting for an hour for her date. 

She looked over at Araragi, and suddenly an idea began to formulate in Senjougahara’s mind. It was no secret that Araragi found Hanekawa attractive, and Senjougahara knew there was a closeness between them that she had come to accept as Araragi’s girlfriend. She also recalled the other magazines she found in his desk drawer of bespectacled women with big breasts. Hanekawa fit that descriptor perfectly. 

Koyomi would certainly appreciate seeing a girl like Hanekawa desperate to pee. 

Senjougahara was conflicted. On one hand, since it was Araragi’s fetish, there was definitely an intimate and sexual nature behind holding it in front of him, and Senjougahara wasn’t sure she wanted to share that with Hanekawa. Part of her was already jealous enough of Hanekawa without purposefully orchestrating a situation where Hanekawa was going to turn Araragi on by its very nature. 

Then again, if Araragi would appreciate getting to see one desperate girl tonight, he would definitely appreciate getting to see two. Also, part of Senjougahara wanted to see it as payback for intruding on their date, though she didn’t want to be that mean about it. In the end though, there was one thought that sealed the deal on the plan. 

I could see Koyomi’s reaction to Hanekawa needing to pee, and gauge whether I should keep holding it myself. That way if Koyomi’s not into it as much as I thought, I can pivot and change plans before making things too awkward. 

With that decided, it became Senjougahara’s goal to get Hanekawa desperate and keep her from the restrooms, as well as her original plan of holding it herself. 

“So, did you want to order drinks?” Senjougahara asked. 

Hanekawa, completely oblivious to Senjougahara’s plans, finally acquiesced, “I suppose a few drinks wouldn’t hurt.” 

Hanekawa shifted in her seat slightly as she placed her order. In truth, she had been waiting out there for quite a while, during which time her bladder had begun to fill up. Not to the point of needing to get up and go right away, but it was already a nagging discomfort in the back of her mind. 

When the drinks came, they made it worse. Hanekawa had ordered a bottle of sake, much like Araragi, and she knocked back her first cup quickly. Araragi was much more careful about it, taking a smaller sip since it was his first time ordering drinks. Hanekawa let out a breath and immediately felt the alcohol tingle on the back of her tongue and warm her throat on the way down. 

Perhaps it was psychosomatic, but almost immediately she could feel a tingling sensation in her bladder, as though it was filling up from the alcohol. Logically, she knew that couldn’t be the case, but it definitely didn’t help. She shuffled her legs underneath the table and glanced around, trying to find the restroom sign. 

Before she could find it, however, Senjougahara interrupted, “So, how’s the sake?” 

“Very good,” Araragi replied, pouring himself another cup and downing it a little faster this time, “I’m definitely tempted to order more.” 

“Go ahead,” Senjougahara encouraged, “It’s your birthday, so feel free to let loose a little tonight. Same goes for you, Hanekawa.” 

“Is that because of what happened?” Hanekawa asked, “Please don’t worry about it. As I said, I wasn’t expecting much from tonight either way. I really just agreed to it to humor my friend.” 

“That makes sense. You don’t seem like the kind of person who'd just go on a blind date for the sake of it,” Senjougahara noted, “Though, I’d definitely still be upset if I were you, so feel free to drink as much as you want.” 

“I’ll keep that in mind.” 

Hanekawa poured herself a second glass of sake, her nagging urge to pee temporarily forgotten as she downed the second glass. The three made small talk until it was time for them to order food, and Araragi made good on his promise to order more sake. 

“So, how have you been, Hanekawa?” Araragi asked, “We don’t get to see you much these days.” 

“Well, I’m taking a short break between my travels, mostly to work and save up some money,” Hanekawa answered, “Though, I do plan on heading to America soon.” 

“America?” Senjougahara echoed in surprise, “What made you interested in visiting there?” 

“Well, it just seems like a big place, and I hear it’s very diverse,” Hanekawa answered, “Plus, I can put my English skills to the test. Though admittedly I’m not very good.” 

“I wonder what kind of oddities they have over there,” Araragi thought aloud, “Surely they don’t have as many shrines and stuff, so I wonder if there’s less supernatural activity.” 

“Well, they still have beliefs, I’m sure,” Hanekawa pointed out, “If I run into anything interesting, I’ll be sure to let you know!” 

As Hanekawa went in for another sip of her sake, she once again felt her bladder nag her, and she shuffled in place. She glanced around again, once again trying to locate the signs pointing to the restrooms, but she couldn’t spot them amidst the busy restaurant and bright decor. She squirmed and resigned to ask the waitress next time she came around and took a big sip of the sake, feeling it tingle both on her lips and in her abdomen as she felt the alcohol’s effects. 

By the time the waitress came around again, Hanekawa was certainly feeling a little tipsy, her mind fuzzy and her face flushed. 

“How is everything?” the waitress asked the table. 

“Everything’s perfect, thank you!” Senjougahara replied politely. 

“The food’s very good, as well as the sake,” Araragi agreed. 

“Would you like another bottle?” the waitress asked. 

Araragi glanced over at Senjougahara, who nodded, and Araragi smiled, “Sure, I’ll have another round!” 

“You should order more too, Hanekawa,” Senjougahara looked over at her, “You’re nearly out.” 

“Oh no, that’s quite alright,” Hanekawa brushed off, “I couldn’t possibly, actually-” 

Just as Hanekawa was about to ask for directions to the restrooms, Senjougahara cut in with a “Nonsense, she’s just being modest. Let’s get another round for her too.” 

“It’s really fine,” Hanekawa tried back. 

“I insist,” Senjougahara shot back, “Besides, I can tell you’re enjoying it. You don’t have to act so restrained all the time.” 

“Fine, fine,” Hanekawa agreed. She focused in on Senjougahara, who was giving her an impassive look. Part of her wondered if she was up to something. She normally wasn’t so insistent. 

“Great, I’ll be right back!” the waitress responded. Hanekawa barely registered that she missed her chance to ask for the restroom. She was now suspicious of Senjougahara, and was trying to figure out why she was acting so abnormally. Was it because she was tipsy? No, it couldn’t be that. She only had one beer to keep herself sober for the drive home. Was it jealousy? 

Irritated, Hanekawa poured the last of her sake and downed it. Not too long after, the second bottle arrived, and Hanekawa once again let the waitress rush off before she could ask about the restrooms. 

The three finished up their meals and continued drinking and talking, with Araragi definitely getting tipsy. He was flushed in the face and Hanekawa could tell he was having a hard time keeping his eyes off of her, even with Senjougahara right there. That wasn’t to say he wasn’t eyeing his girlfriend up, either. Sandwiched between the two of them, Araragi was certainly living in a fantasy right now. 

Hanekawa herself was really starting to feel the effects of the alcohol. She was definitely someone who valued her mind, so one would assume that she disliked how being tipsy affected her faculties. However, the truth was the opposite. Being someone who dealt with a lot of stress and tended to overthink things a lot, Hanekawa very much enjoyed the haze and reprieve that alcohol provided. 

She swayed slightly as she shuffled, her need to pee in the back of her mind as she smiled and laughed alongside Senjougahara and Araragi. 

“I wonder what brand of sake this is. We should definitely ask before we leave,” Araragi replied, “I wish you could try some, Hitagi.” 

“I’ll make sure to ask before we leave,” Senjougahara promised. 

“Are you sure, I don’t think you need anymore, Araragi,” Hanekawa pointed out, then in a sing-song voice, she added, “Your face is so red~!” 

“Your face is red too, Hanekawa,” Araragi pointed out. 

“Oh my, is it?” Hanekawa asked, “No wonder I feel so flushed.” 

She purposefully tugged at her collar, fanning herself with her hand, and giving Araragi a clear view of her cleavage. She could see him react almost instantly, the blush on his face growing deeper as he tried not to stare. Hanekawa laughed mischievously, her lips curling into a cat-like smile. 

Across the table, Senjougahara sat stiffly. She had seen Hanekawa’s display. She had definitely spurred this on with her insistence that the other girl drink, but she didn’t think Hanekawa of all people would have the audacity to flirt with Araragi right in front of her. She fumed silently, taking a sip of water. Suddenly, she felt the slightest nag from her bladder. 

Then again, wasn’t this my intention? Ultimately, my plan is to get her desperate in front of Koyomi. That’s definitely worse than flirting. Still, I’m not going to sit back quietly and allow this to continue unchallenged. 

“If the sake is so good, I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to try a small glass. After all, the night’s still young. I have plenty of time to let the alcohol get through my system.” 

“Ah, sure thing, Hitagi,” Araragi smiled, “Let me pour you-” 

Before Araragi could pour Hitagi a small glass, she reached over, leaning into Araragi and letting her face get really close to his as she grabbed the bottle. She made sure to press her chest into his shoulder as she poured a small amount into the glass he was using and grabbed it. Before she leaned back to take a sip, she gave Araragi a quick kiss on the cheek, causing him to blush further, and then shot a sly smile at Hanekawa. She then took a sip shamelessly from the same glass Araragi had been using, and felt the sake tingle on her tongue and warm her cheeks on its way down. 

Hanekawa blushed and looked down bashfully as she realized she had gotten caught red-handed flirting with Araragi. Rather than backing down, however, Hanekawa smirked, fueled by the alcohol and possibly the sawarineko somewhere in her subconscious. 

“How shameless, Hitagi-san,” Hanekawa teased, “Kissing Araragi-kun so openly.” 

“We’re dating,” Senjougahara fired back, “Though I suppose it was a bit insensitive of me to do that in front of someone who’s only here because they got stood up.” 

“It is a shame,” Hanekawa nodded, “I’m sure if I had been on a date with a man like Araragi-kun, they would’ve never stood me up like this.” 

At that, Hanekawa placed her hand on Araragi’s shoulder for emphasis, leaning over and once again giving him a clear view of her chest. 

Senjougahara responded by wrapping her arms around Araragi’s neck, clinging to him and getting close as she leaned over and nodded, “Yes, Koyomi is very considerate. I don’t think he’s ever kept me waiting. I’m quite lucky to have him.” 

Araragi, caught between the middle of them both, blushed furiously as his eyes darted back and forth between the two like ping pong balls. He took a sip of sake to distract himself, only to find that he had polished off the last of his bottle. 

“Ah, I’m out again,” Araragi noted, furrowing his brow as if contemplating ordering another round. 

“Koyomi,” Senjougahara spoke gently, running her hand over Araragi’s face, “I think we should get going.” 

“Nonsense,” Hanekawa smirked, “Hitagi-san, weren’t you the one saying we should let loose? Let’s get another round!” 

“We’ve overstayed our welcome, I think,” Senjougahara looked down at her phone to check the time, “If you want another round, I could see if we could get a bottle to-go.” 

In the end, they ordered a bottle for the road and Senjougahara paid the check, and the three of them stood up. As Hanekawa changed positions, she felt a wave of pressure hit her bladder and she shuffled her thighs slightly. She had entirely forgotten to ask where the restrooms were, and now that they had paid the check and were on their way out, she would have to go out of her way to ask. Instead, she resigned herself to hold it until she got back to the train station on her way home. 

“Well, thank you both for inviting me for dinner,” Hanekawa bowed, “I’m sorry I wound up intruding on your date.” 

“No problem!” Araragi shrugged off cheerfully, his face and his voice definitely giving away his tipsy state. 

“You don’t have to leave just yet,” Senjougahara offered, “In fact, I’d feel bad if we ditched you now that we’ve had drinks.” 

Hanekawa arched an eyebrow. In her tipsy haze, she had forgotten her suspicions of Senjougahara, but once again it definitely seemed like she was up to something. 

“Oh, really, I couldn’t possibly intrude on your date any more than I already have,” Hanekawa held up her hands, “I’m fine calling it a night and going home!” 

Senjougahara leaned in, “Please, don’t worry about it. We can go on a date any time. But tonight is Koyomi’s birthday. In truth, it was selfish of me to keep him all to myself for tonight. Right, Koyomi?” 

Koyomi sputtered as he was caught off-guard by Senjougahara’s question, “W-well, I think it was fine that we made my birthday a date, so I wouldn’t say it was selfish.” 

“But the truth is, there’s other people who want to celebrate your birthday too,” Senjougahara pointed out, “At the very least, tonight, now that Hanekawa’s here, she can celebrate your birthday with us.” 

“Ah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense,” Araragi agreed absentmindedly. 

“There’s that amusement park that just reopened after renovations just down town from here,” Senjougahara turned to Hanekawa, “That’s where we were heading next. Surely you’ll join us?” 

Hanekawa was a bit wary, getting a number of mixed signals from Senjougahara. On one hand she was definitely jealous when she was flirting with Araragi earlier. On the other hand, she was the one insisting that she tag along with what should have been their date. 

In truth, Senjougahara had fully noticed Hanekawa’s growing desperation over the dinner, and fully intended to rope her into her plans now that she was starting to show the signs of needing to pee. Senjougahara herself was also feeling the urge to pee, but so far she had done a better job of hiding it. 

“I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to join you two,” Hanekawa answered finally. 

With that, the three of them set off. 

The walk to the amusement park wasn’t far, but Senjougahara led them down a slightly convoluted route. Her plan was to avoid any convenience stores or other places with easily accessible restrooms. Part of that was to make sure that, in whatever stage of discomfort she was in after leaving the restaurant, she wouldn’t back down from her plans. Now, however, it had a second effect. 

She glanced back at Hanekawa from time to time, and it was clear the bespectacled girl had to go. She was walking stiffly and shuffling a bit, and while it could have been from the alcohol, Senjougahara had seen from how much she was squirming at the restaurant that she definitely had to pee. 

Senougahara herself needed to pee too. What had started as a small nag at the restaurant had grown into an urge that she could not quite shake from her mind, and she pressed her thighs together with each step. One of her hands was intertwined with Araragi’s, but her other played with the bottom hem of her dress. This was perfect, though. From her test yesterday, she was filling up right on schedule. 

She glanced back again at Hanekawa, who was definitely struggling to keep pace with them with her full bladder. Every once in a while she caught her glancing around, looking urgently for a restroom that wouldn’t be there. Senjougahara allowed herself a small smile. Planning out the route ahead of time definitely helped. 

By the time they got to the amusement park, Senjougahara was definitely struggling to hide her need to pee, and Hanekawa was showing it clearly. Senjougahara glanced at Araragi to see if he noticed, but either because he was drunk or oblivious, he hadn’t seemed to catch on to Hanekawa’s plight yet. 

As soon as they paid for their tickets and got past the front entrance, both Araragi and Hanekawa began looking around. They spotted clear signs to the restroom, and Araragi spoke up first. 

“I gotta head to the bathroom, you two don’t mind waiting, right?” 

“Acutally-” Hanekawa spoke up before Senjougahara cut her off, “Not at all! Go ahead.” 

As Araragi rushed off, Hanekawa shuffled in place. She was about to complain that she had to go too, when Senjougahara glared at her seriously. 

“Now that Koyomi’s gone, I wanted to talk to you privately.” 

“What ever about?” 

“I don’t think I need to remind you of this, but don’t forget that Koyomi is mine,” Senjougahara narrowed her eyes, “Don’t pretend I didn’t see what happened back at the restaurant. I’ll give you a pass on that, because it’s Araragi’s birthday, and you’re clearly drunk, but keep in mind there’s a limit to what I’ll permit.” 

“Oh?” Hanekawa tilted her head to the side, “If you’re that upset about it, surely you wouldn’t have invited me here when I was perfectly fine dipping out after the restaurant?” 

“I have my own reasons for that,” Senjougahara replied. 

“I knew you were up to something, Hitagi-san,” Hanekawa smiled, “But I’ll play along for now.” 

Senjougahara let out a sigh and shuffled in place herself, something that did not go unnoticed by Hanekawa. Perhaps it was because she needed to pee herself, but it definitely looked like she wasn’t the only one needing a trip to the restroom. 

“I know you and Koyomi care for each other, and have a bond that won’t go away just because I’m in the picture. In fact, a lot of accepting Araragi as a partner is accepting that truth for many people, on many levels,” Senjougahara replied, “So for tonight, I’m fine sharing a little. But only as long as you remember that ultimately Koyomi gave himself to me.” 

“I’ll keep that in mind,” Hanekawa nodded. 

Senjougahara nodded, and Araragi returned. While he was fully relieved,both Senjougahara and Hanekawa were not. Hanekawa once again glanced towards the restrooms, but it would be awkward saying she had to go now, when she had the perfect chance to go earlier. 

In truth, that had been Senjougahara’s primary reason for talking to her. It wasn’t like that she didn’t also want to remind Hanekawa that Araragi was hers, but her main goal was stopping her from simply going to the bathroom when it was right there. 

“Oh, I should’ve told you earlier, our main plan was to ride the ferris wheel,” Senjougahara pointed out, “Though, now that we’re here, I suppose we could realistically go on any of the rides.” 

“I’ll leave that up to you. I know a ferris wheel is a bit of a couple’s event, so I wouldn’t want to feel like a third wheel,” Hanekawa smiled. 

“What about it, Koyomi? Any other rides you were interested in here?” Senjougahara asked. 

“Not in particular,” Araragi answered, “I think it’s fine for us all to ride the ferris wheel.” 

Senjougahara squirmed and let out a slight sigh of relief. She wasn’t sure her bladder would hold up on a more intense ride, and that was to say nothing of Hanekawa, who was biting her lip and shifting her weight from foot to foot. 

With that decided, the three got in line for the ferris wheel. Since it was the main new attraction, and since it was the weekend at night, the line for the ride was pretty long. Senjougahara had, of course, factored this into her plans. It would give her plenty of time to build up her desperation for the ferris wheel and the hike to come after. 

Hanekawa, on the other hand, hadn’t factored in the long wait, and she was definitely starting to struggle. The alcohol she had earlier was doing her no favors as she squirmed in place, trying to be subtle even as she felt the pressure building in her abdomen. She stood there, rubbing her thighs together, and glanced back at Senjougahara. 

Senjougahara herself was also starting to fill up. While she had kept herself mostly sober, the beer and small glass of sake from earlier had definitely worked their way through her system, and on top of that she was sure to drink plenty of water at the restaurant with her meal. All that water was slowly making its way into her bladder, and she could feel it slowly filling as she waited in line. She was shifting around restlessly, rubbing her knees together as she bounced from foot to foot, trying to make it seem like she was just impatient rather than desperate. 

By the time they were halfway through the line, Hanekawa was having a hard time hiding her clear discomfort. She was bobbing in place and grabbing at the hem of her skirt, fighting the urge to hold herself openly. She glanced around. From where the line was, she could see signs for a restroom off in the distance. She longed to excuse herself and rush off to relieve herself, but she doubted she’d be able to return to her place in line if she left. 

“Hey, Hanekawa, are you okay?” Araragi asked. 

The sudden question startled her, and she squeezed her thighs together, feeling a powerful wave. She was afraid she was going to leak, but she managed to keep it contained as she turned to Araragi. If he had noticed she had to pee even while tipsy, it really meant she was doing a bad job hiding it. 

“Y-yes, I’m fine,” Hanekawa answered. 

“Are you sure? You seem a bit restless,” Araragi pressed further. 

“Oh, it’s just from the alcohol earlier. Maybe I drank too much.” 

Araragi nodded, but didn’t seem to buy it, and Hanekawa tried to stifle her desperate movements more now that she knew she was being obvious. 

Senjougahara eyed Araragi after the exchange, noticing a blush on his face as he watched Hanekawa’s desperation. He definitely seemed fixated by it, glancing over at her frequently and getting more red-faced. This was exactly the confirmation Senjougahara was looking for. 

With that, Senjougahara stopped hiding her own growing need, no longer disguising her shuffling as she waited in line. Her bladder grew like a filling balloon in her abdomen, and now that she was more confident that it would be to Araragi’s liking, she crossed her legs and bobbed in place a bit as she tried to ignore her urge to pee. 

They slowly started moving up to the front of the line, with both girls getting more and more desperate as time went on. Hanekawa was definitely starting to struggle, finding it hard to stand still as she squirmed around desperately. She was then hit with a strong wave of desperation, and she leaned forwards, discreetly rubbing her abdomen as she tried to keep from leaking. 

“You know what, I changed my mind, you two can ride the ferris wheel on your own,” Hanekawa spoke up suddenly. Unlike Senjougahara, who was holding it on purpose, Hanekawa had reached the point where she wasn’t going to push her body any farther. 

She tried to leave the line, but was stopped by Senjougahara, who smiled at her, “Nonsense, you’ve waited in line this whole time. Besides, both me and Koyomi say it’s fine. You’re not intruding on anything.” 

Hanekawa glanced back towards the restroom sign and blushed, “Actually, I-” 

“Besides, me and Koyomi both had passes, but you had to pay to get in. It would be a shame if you paid just to wind up not going on any of the rides,” Senjougahara replied. 

“It’s really no trouble, besides, I-” 

“Oh hey, it’s our turn,” Araragi pointed out. 

“See, it’s our turn! Come on, Hanekawa-san!” Senjougahara smiled. 

Hanekawa was sure of it now. Senjougahara was up to something. Reluctantly, she nodded, piling into the ride car behind Senjougahara and Araragi. She sat across from them, her eyes narrowing at Senjougahara as she watched her squirm too. 

Much like it was when they were waiting in line, Hanekawa couldn’t sit still, and Araragi got a full view of her squirming desperately. She shuffled her feet and rubbed her knees together, placing a hand on her thigh. She looked very close to grabbing herself, but she wouldn’t let herself do that in front of Araragi, even though she was close to bursting at this point. 

Beside Araragi, Senjougahara squirmed as well, making sure Araragi could feel her shuffling as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. Her bladder sloshed in her abdomen and she bit her lip, letting out a soft sigh of desperation as she sat next to her boyfriend. 

She could see Araragi getting all hot and bothered, his cheeks red from more than just the alcohol as his eyes once again shifted from the clearly desperate Hanekawa across from him to Senjougahara at his side, equally restless and squirming. 

“Hitagi-” Araragi was about to ask, when Senjougahara placed a finger on his lips, cutting him off. She leaned close to him, letting out a soft moan as her movement put pressure on her filling bladder, and she covered her mouth so Hanekawa couldn’t read her lips or her her as she whispered into his ear. 

“By the way, I’m sure you’ve noticed it by now, Koyomi,” Senjougahara whispered softly and sensually, making sure to press her body into his as she squirmed, “But both me and Hanekawa need to pee right now.” 

“...!” 

Araragi let out an audible gulp as his eyes widened, and his ever-present ahoge stood straight up on end. He looked over at Senjougahara in shock, before looking across at Hanekawa, completely speechless. If his face had been red before, it was nothing compared to right now. 

“Feel free to enjoy the show. From both of us. Ogle all you like, I won’t get mad.” 

Caught at a loss for words, Araragi simply nodded, clearly flustered by the presence of not one, but two desperate girls sitting in the same ferris wheel capsule as him. Senjougahara continued to make her desperation known as she danced and squirmed right next to him, letting him feel her restless movements through her body. 

Across from him, Hanekawa shuffled in her seat desperately. She noticed Senjougahara’s desperation and flirting with Araragi, but it clearly sat at the back of her mind as she glanced out the window urgently. They were about at the peak of the ride, meaning they were only halfway through. 

Suddenly, she was hit with a strong, desperate wave, and she was forced to grab herself openly, hiking her hands up her skirt and clamping down on her crotch as she bit her lip. She could feel the pressure mount right at her pee hole as her abdomen ached, and she was sure she was going to lose control. 

Somehow, though, she managed to keep the floodgates closed, and made it through the wave without so much as a leak. She doubted she’d be so lucky next time. 

Senjougahara herself was also filling up fast, and while she had started the night less desperate than Hanekawa, the fact that getting desperate was her intention meant she was catching up fast, even without the aid of the sake. She rubbed her abdomen through her dress as she felt her bladder start to bulge out. She made sure to let out strained breaths and moans as she danced in her seat next to Araragi. His own breaths were ragged and his heart was racing from the scene before him, and Senjougahara knew he was turned on by her “gift” to him. 

By the time the ride was over, Hanekawa hobbled out of the capsule, and Senjougahara had a hard time getting up, having to stop and squeeze her thighs together as Araragi helped her climb out. 

“So, this was your plan all along, Hitagi-san?” Hanekawa asked aloud, “Getting me desperate in front of Araragi? I assume that’s something he’s into?” 

“Sorry, I know it’s quite shameless of me, but Koyomi seems to be enjoying the view,” Senjougahara pointed out, purposefully shuffling to fluster Araragi even further. 

“I uh… well,” Araragi blushed, “It’s just something I have an interest in. It’s not like I can help it.” 

“In truth, I hadn’t planned on getting you involved until I noticed you already had to go at the restaurant. It was just going to be me,” Senjougahara admitted, “I hope you’re not too mad.” 

Hanekawa glanced again towards the restrooms longingly, her knees buckling as she hopped in place. Her hand was resting on the front of her skirt, only a few centimeters away from openly holding herself. 

“I feel a bit manipulated, but if it’s for Araragi-kun, then I don’t mind,” Hanekawa answered, “So what’s the plan now, or have I given you enough of a show?” 

“Oh?” Senjougahara asked, “You look like you’re in pretty bad shape, are you sure you’re okay with continuing?” 

“I can hold it a bit longer,” Hanekawa nodded, “Though, I doubt my underwear will stay dry if I push it any further.” 

Araragi sputtered and gawked at that open admission. 

Senjougahara nodded, herself shuffling in place at the thought of leaking, “Very well. The last part of the plan was hiking up a short path to the nearby mountain lake. Obviously it was supposed to be a romantic stargazing spot for me and Koyomi, but it’s also the perfect, private place for us to hold it to our limits. Unless you want to back down now?” 

“Of course not.” 

And so, the three left the amusement park and started the long, desperate walk up to the mountain path. Luckily Hanekawa had agreed to play along, because Senjougahara wasn’t sure she’d be able to hold it through a long, convoluted path that avoided restrooms. Even now she was struggling to conceal her desperation as they walked past crowds of other people living the night life. 

Hanekawa, on the other hand, couldn’t. She had a hand firmly pressed between her legs as she shuffled forwards stiffly. Her bladder was bulging against the waistband of her skirt and pushing out with all its might to coax her to release the pent-up flood inside of her. Her face burned as she felt the gaze of other onlookers, clearly aware of her need. Beyond that she could feel Araragi’s gaze on her every time he glanced back. 

By the time the three got to the mountain path, Hanekawa was having serious doubts whether she could make it until the end of the hike. Still, she was determined to at least get to the lake. Thankfully, it was far more private on the path up the mountain. Hanekawa grabbed herself with her other hand as well and practically hobbled up the stone path. 

Senjougahara also took full advantage of the privacy, openly grabbing herself as well, and dancing frantically with each step. She could feel her bladder swelling out against the tight fabric of her dress. Araragi could probably see the bulge as she walked alongside him. 

“How much further, Hitagi-san?” Hanekawa asked frantically. 

“It’s not far to go now, thankfully.” 

The confirmation that they were almost there was both a blessing and a curse. On one hand, Hanekawa was more determined than ever to make it to the top, but on the other, the anticipation of her reaching her destination made her bladder spasm with the prospect of imminent relief. Hanekawa doubled over, letting out a light squeak as she fought hard against the raging tide inside of her. She felt a strong wave of pressure push out against her pee hole and she gasped. A small spurt escaped into her panties, soaking through as she desperately tried to hold back. For a second, she thought that she was about to wet herself, but somehow she mustered the rest of her strength and managed to regain control. 

Thankfully, it was only a few more steps before the end of the path and the mountain lake came into view. The stars sparkled above and reflected off the water’s surface, interrupted only by the occasional, quiet ripple. The sight of so much water was almost enough to make Senjougahara lose it there. Her bladder spasmed and she doubled over, letting out a soft moan as she clung to Araragi’s side. She squeezed her eyes shut until the wave passed, righting herself shakily as they moved closer to the lake. 

“We made it,” Senjougahara announced, a sense of surprise and relief in her voice. 

“So, what’s the plan now?” Hanekawa asked. She looked every part like she was at her limit, now shaking more than dancing as she squeezed her thighs together and clamped down on her crotch as if physically holding back all her pent-up urine. 

“I suppose we should ask Koyomi,” Senjougahara suggested, turning to look at her very flustered, and clearly very aroused boyfriend, “What would you have us do? Do you want to watch us hold it to our limits and wet ourselves?” 

“A-ah, well, you don’t have to,” Araragi blushed furiously, “Just seeing you holding it was enough, I wouldn’t ask you to go that far.” 

“Nonsense, we’ve already held it this much,” Senjougahara replied, “Besides, it’s not like there are any toilets around. Are you okay with that, Hanekawa-san?” 

“Y-yes,” Hanekawa nodded, blushing, “Honestly, I don’t know if I have much of a choice on the matter.” 

She dipped down as her knees buckled and gasped, letting out another spurt into her panties. This one soaked through and began trickling down her legs as she desperately tried to plug herself up. Hanekawa barely managed it, but she was at her limit. 

“Say, Araragi-kun?” Hanekawa spoke, voice strained from the effort of holding it in, “Why don’t you judge how sexy we are when we wet ourselves?” 

“H-huh!?” Araragi’s eyes bulged out of his sockets as he heard the bold suggestion. 

“Me or Hitagi-san, who’s sexier when wetting themselves?” Hanekawa repeated. She then turned to Senjougahara, “You don’t have room to complain, since you’re the one who roped me into this.” 

“Fine,” Senjougahara nodded. 

Hanekawa then turned around, doubling over desperately and shaking her hips as she grabbed herself tightly. She gave Araragi a bit of a show as she squirmed and danced in place, leaking a couple more times as her bladder was strained past its limits. Suddenly, she was hit with another powerful wave of desperation, and Hanekawa knew this would be her last. 

“A-ah, I can’t hold it anymore!” Hanekawa announced. 

Her legs buckled one last time and she let out one final, long spurt into her panties. She managed to slow the stream to a trickle, but only barely, and then a few seconds later, the dam burst. Hanekawa let out a gasp as a hot stream of pee shot out of her, completely soaking through her already wet panties and spraying hard onto the ground beneath her. She let out a loud moan as she finally lost control, pee streaming down her legs and splashing hard onto the ground beneath her. 

The sight of Hanekawa peeing nearly made Senjougahara lose control, and she was forced to jam both hands between her legs, squirming frantically next to Araragi as she tried to hold on. Considering the display Hanekawa put on right before losing control, Senjougahara wanted to tease Araragi on her own more before she wet herself. Unfortunately, that meant holding it while watching and hearing Hanekawa pee right in front of her. 

“Aaah~” Hanekawa let out another sensual moan as she continued to pee full-force into her panties. She braced herself with a hand against her knee as her legs quivered. The intense pressure gave way to blissful relief as her bladder emptied itself out right there. Somewhere in the back of her mind she registered Araragi watching her intently, clearly hot and bothered. 

As her puddle spread out beneath her, Hanekawa finally felt her stream slow and then taper off, and soon she was standing there, the last few drops streaming out as she finished emptying her bladder. She let out a loud, relieved sigh and blushed as she faced Araragi. 

“I was holding in quite a bit, I really couldn’t hold it anymore,” she spoke teasingly, “I hope that was to your liking, Araragi-kun.” 

Araragi let out an audible gulp as his face burned. 

“Koyomi.” 

Next to him, Senjougahara was still squirming, holding herself desperately. She had waited patiently for Hanekawa to finish, but the sight had pushed her right up to the edge, and she knew she wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer. 

“Koyomi, look at me,” she repeated, practically whispering into his ear. She pressed herself right up against him and grabbed his hand, guiding it to her swollen abdomen. His eyes widened as he felt her bulging bladder, swelling like a rock and clearly visible through the thin fabric of her dress. 

“I’m at my limit,” Senjougahara announced. 

Despite that, she managed to hold on a few more m moments, dancing desperately at Araragi’s side and smiling at his gaze fixated on her. She felt her bladder squeeze out, trying to get her to give into the intense desperation like Hanekawa, and she let out a breathy moan as she felt herself leak. She clamped down, biting her lip as she shuffled, barely regaining control. However, the wave did not let up, and Senjougahara doubled over, feeling her bladder strain against her muscles as she tried to keep the flood contained just a bit longer. 

It started as a few dribbles, leaking out even as Senjougahara grasped at her crotch. She tried to stop, but she felt more and more hot drips escape her pee hole and soak through her panties. She then let out a spurt, and another, and she knew she had pushed her body to it’s limits. 

“Koyomi, watch me,” Senjougahara spoke again. 

In the next moment, she popped. A powerful stream of pee burst out of her, totally soaking through her panties and the front of her dress as she doubled over. The stream splashed hard against the ground and instinctively Araragi stepped back to avoid the puddle that was quickly forming beneath Senjougahara’s feet. 

Senjougahara let out a breathy, orgasmic moan as she leaned forwards and continued peeing. Her swollen bladder ached as it slowly drained, her legs buckling from the sheer relief as she finally let out everything she had been holding in. 

Both Araragi and Hanekawa watched intently, with Araragi’s heart racing as he got to watch his girlfriend wet herself right in front of him. Hanekawa watched more out of curiosity. She had just wet herself, but now she was seeing what it looked like from another perspective. 

Soon, Senjougahara’s stream slowed to a trickle, and then a few final spurts as she forced the rest out. As soon as she was done, she stepped out of her puddle-- which was not as large as Hanekawa’s, but still quite impressive in size-- and latched onto Araragi, clinging to him for support. 

“Well, how was that?” Senjougahara asked. 

“That was…” Araragi paused, clearly flustered and looking for the right words, “That was incredible. Thank you, Hitagi.” 

“I believe you also owe us an answer,” Senjougahara looked over at Hanekawa, who had stepped out of her own puddle and had stepped closer to the two of them, looking at Araragi expectantly. 

“Which one of us was sexier when wetting ourselves?” 

“W-well,” Araragi gulped. 

“You can give an honest answer. I won’t be mad,” Senjougahara encouraged him. 

“Well…” Araragi cleared his throat, changing his voice to make it sound more serious, like this was an official critique, “While both of you were incredibly sexy, and watching you wet yourselves was unbelievably erotic, I’m going to have to go with you, Hitagi. And I’m not saying that just because you’re my girlfriend. While Hanekawa’s body is naturally erotic on its own due to her proportions, there’s something about the way you move when you have to pee that I can’t resist. I’m sorry, Hanekawa, but Hitagi’s the winner on this one.” 

“That’s fine, no need to apologize,” Hanekawa smiled, “Honestly, I was mostly messing around anyway. I know you belong to Hitagi-san, and I lost before the contest even began.” 

“Thanks for playing along, Hanekawa-san,” Senjougahara nodded, “I’m sure Koyomi thoroughly enjoyed his birthday present.” 

Araragi nodded in confirmation, face still red from the night’s events. 

“Of course,” Hanekawa nodded, “And while Koyomi might belong to you, I don’t mind doing erotic things like this every once in a while, as long as you’re okay with a bit of sharing, Hitagi-san.” 

“I’ll keep that in mind,” Senjougahara answered coyly. 

With that, the two girls continued to tease Araragi as they began making their way back down the mountain. Despite the night not going how any of them planned, Araragi knew that he would have the memory of both Hanekawa and Senjougahara wetting themselves burned into his mind forever. 

The End 

