Flustered and Accident-prone

Author: SaQra

*000*2018-10-20 08:33

Part 1: Jasper

Sometimes I wish I could grow a pair of wings and launch myself into the stratosphere. But then I remember the things tying me down. Today, it's you. Not in a bad way of course! Sorry, I'll shut up now. See you soon!

I look back at my texts with a mixture of excitement and disgust. God, I'm weird. But I hope Josh knows that by now: I mean we have been friends for years. Though today could change that forever, because today is our first date.

Me and Josh. A couple. I still can't quite believe it. It's all surreal, like something from my dreams. Excitement and nerves and happiness have filled my whole body, and I feel like I could float away at any minute.

Except for one slight issue, one big metaphorical ball-and-chain that's anchoring me to the ground. I need to pee. Quite badly. The jolting of the train as it whizzes through the tunnels definitely isn't helping, and neither is my pint-sized bladder. Or the fact that I was so excited for our first date that I completely forgot to use the bathroom when I woke up. In hindsight, I'm an idiot. Hopefully I can find a bathroom when we're out.

Then again, Josh knows my bladder history. He's seen me pee my pants before. A lot. He even keeps spare jeans and boxers in his locker at school, that's how accident-prone I am. It's not like he'd give me shit if I did end up pissing myself. But on a first date? I'd rather not. So as the train grinds to a halt I stand, then step off to look for a loo. But fate has other ideas...

*001*2018-10-20 09:07

Part 2: Josh

The carriage door slides open, and I see Jasper looking around. He catches sight of me, seems to do a double take, then bundles towards me like an ADHD tornado. I'm so focused on how adorable he looks in his massive hoodie, oversized jeans and sneakers that I don't quite manage to brace myself as he slams into my arms, beaming.

"Woah, hi there"

"Ohmygod Josh I'm so excited I've been waiting all morning it's so good to see you!"

I grab his shoulders and stare down into his eyes: "Don't forget to breathe Jas"

He giggles, then looks away, blushing. "Sorry, I'm just... well I'm really happy that we're doing this"

"Me too! You ready for breakfast?"

I'm taking him to the café where I work on weekends, because I'm cliché like that.

"You bet I am!"

As we're walking along, I notice that my new boyfriend seems to be more fidgety than usual. He's tugging at the hem of his sweater, and his eyes are darting around the shops we pass, like he's on the lookout for something.

"You okay babe?"

He glances up, and smiles

"For sure! Just... kinda nervous is all"

We've reached the cafe now, and I push the door open. I'm on opening duty, so it's empty, perfect for the two of us. I flick on the lights, and leap the counter, where I start fiddling with the giant chrome coffee machine while Jas sits on one of the bar-style stools behind me...

*002*2018-10-20 09:40

Part 3: Jasper

As the coffee splutters into existence under Josh's careful hands, I rest my head in my arms on the counter.

"Hey barista, do you come here often"

He chuckles, then smirks.

"Only on the days when hot guys come calling"

Now I'm bright red. And to think I was the one trying to be smooth... But the blush isn't purely because of him. My bladder is still a problem, and a slowly worsening one at that. I'd ask Josh to open up the bathroom, but he looks so cute and intense when he works, and I can definitely hold it for a bit. Almost definitely. Maybe?

One of my arms slides of the countertop and into my lap, where I try to hold myself as subtly as I can while I watch Josh putting the finishing touches on breakfast. He spins around and places two cups of coffee and some muffins in front of me, then grabs one and takes a bite.

"It's good. Not as much of a snack as you, but good."

"Did you really just say that?" I reach over and ruffle his hair with my free hand, then take a sip of the coffee.

"Y'know, this is why I love you. Why I've always loved you, in fact. Best. Coffee. Ever."

"And you're sure you aren't biased at all?" He laughs, and I do too. Then the bell above the door tinkles, and the first few customers of the day walk in. Josh finishes up his muffin, then winks at me. "Be right back, I promise. Will you be okay here for a second?"

"Of course. Good luck" I kiss him on the cheek as he walks away. "Go get 'em tiger!"

*003*2018-10-20 20:39

Part 4: Jasper

So why exactly did you lie to him? A little voice in my head. Fuck off. Good question though. I'm about to stand, to walk after him and ask for the key to the bathroom, to rectify my error.

Except someone's beaten me too it. Some businesswoman in a suit. She must be a regular or something, because Josh is chatting to her. And... hugging her? Bit weird now. But then again, who am I to judge? Honestly, I just hope she doesn't take too long. Or... y'know... any time at all.

'Cos you see all that coffee's gone through me like a bolt of lightning, and I've got a familiar feeling in my abdomen. The kind of feeling that brings back bad memories of ruined underwear and soaked jeans, and crying in the school nurses office. I'm going to have an accident. Soon. Oh god

Josh. Please hurry. I'm so busy staring at the woman as she walks into the bathroom and imagining my own sweet relief that I stop pressing my thighs together for a second, and a spurt leaks out. Oh fuck. I have to go and talk to him. I have to ask!

*004*2018-11-03 15:28

Part 5: Josh

"Uhh babe?..."

I turn around and Jasper is behind the counter with me. He's tugging anxiously at the sleeve of his hoodie, like I know he does when something's wrong.

"I... is there a staff bathroom. Another one anywhere? I-"

Suddenly he gasps and whimpers, doubling over. His face is a deep red, and I can hear his rising hysteria After a brief few seconds, he sort of straightens up again, though his hands remain planted into his crotch.

"It's-" He takes a shaky breath, "sort of urgent"

There isn't another toilet in the café. What do I tell him? I hesitate for a second, then: "Jas... I'm sorry. Can you wait just a minute?! The bathroom is occupied, and I can't exactly ask the person to leave." I feel frustration welling up in me. Why's Jasper always so quiet until the last minute?! I continue, "I thought you were okay anyway. Ugh, WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?!"

The last words unintentionally come out as a shout, and several people in the café turn to stare. Jas flinches, and suddenly starts sobbing quietly... then there's a pattering noise. Please no, oh please let that be coffee. I didn't mean to scare him. Even as I wish it, I know it's not coffee dripping onto the floor.

"J-josh... I... I can't... I'm sorry..."

From under the hem of his hoodie, dark streaks shoot down his legs, slowly at first, but then spreading. Pee drips from the cuffs of his jeans into a puddle beneath his feet, leaving drops on his red sneakers.

He looks so vulnerable....

I move forward, ignoring the spreading puddle as I pull Jas into a hug and start to apologise. I can feel some of his flow soaking into my own work pants, but comforting him is more important, or this embarrassment could turn into a full-blown panic attack.

"Jas. Jasper listen to me. It's okay. You can't help it. It's just a stupid accident, yeah?"...

