Alice and the OmoBar - Part 2 - First day

Author: sttl88

*000*2018-10-22 13:33

Hi again all,

It's been a while but I have been trying to find time to write the second chapter about Alice. If you missed it, chapter one is here

.

Massive thanks for the positive feedback from posters on my previous chapter. Hope you enjoy this one!

I don't get much time, but i'll try to follow this up when I can!

###

Alice stood on the street, tapping her foot subconsciously as she stared at the building. From the outside, it was nothing special. Just a typical dilapidated old warehouse in East London that had seen a revival in recent years, with investors flooding the area as it became fashionable.

'I should have bought a place here ten years ago, it would have quadrupled in price by now' Alice thought as she stared.

She hadn't been sure she would come back to this building. Her past experience here had been completely unexpected and entirely new to her. Although the high salary was extremely appealing, Alice had always thought of herself as rather 'normal', sexually. What happened here the week before had been so far out of her comfort zone that afterwards she had sworn to herself she wouldn't go back.

That was five days ago.

Since then, there had been very little she was able to think about except for the feeling of utter and complete desperation she had felt, combined with the extremely erotic way she had been touched by another woman. Alice had been more turned on than she could ever remember that afternoon, and she had remained so for the last five days, no matter how many times she told herself to ignore it.

Alice had never been one for 'self pleasuring'. She had always seen it as extremely embarassing, even when her friends talked about it. The last five days she had come closer than ever before to giving it a try. She was finding the constant tingling and dampness between her legs almost unbearable. Added to that, every time she needed to pee she had become so uncontrollably aroused that she had to go and pee immediately or her legs would start to go weak as she tried to hold it in.

That was exactly what was happening now. Her first day in the Omobar, as a paid member of staff. A very well paid member. Her bladder felt uncomfortable. She would normally have gone to the bathroom an hour before, at least, but she had been told to turn up needing to pee, and here she was. Tapping her foot on the pavement and building up the courage to enter.

'Here we go then' she muttered, and strode across the road, pushing the buzzer.

The door swung open after a few minutes and she walked down the stairs. A friendly face greeted her at the elevator.

"Hi Alice, welcome back," Sophie said with a smile showing her perfect teeth. She wore a short, figure hugging pink dress which showed off her curves beautifully, her hair falling in ringlets over prominent and poorly concealed breasts.

"Thanks!" replied Alice, blushing a little as she took in the gorgeous figure in front of her. 'What is wrong with me at the moment? Everything is turning me on like crazy" she thought to herself angrily. 'Behave like a professional for god's sake'

They got into the lift and descended to the floor below.

"Changing rooms," smiled Sophie, noticing Alice's questioning glance. She hadn't been to this floor during the last visit.

The doors slid open and Alice looked around. It was like a changing room at a fancy gym, except with the notable absence of toilets. She squeezed her thighs together and rose onto tiptoes for a moment.

"Need to pee?" Sophie asked

"Pretty badly" Alice replied with a weak smile, resuming her leg tapping.

"Well the clients should be here in about half an hour, so not too much waiting. Time to get changed! Drink this." Sophie handed her one of the mysterious cocktails she had been served at her interview.

"What should I wear?" Alice sipped her cocktail, feeling nervous that the outfits she had brought were not glamorous enough

"Everything is here in your locker, don't worry" Sophie replied, with a sparkle in her beautiful eyes. "It's just me and you tonight, only two clients. Should be great fun!"

Alice surprised herself by feeling slightly disappointed. She realised she had been hoping that Rachel would be there, with her full, wet mouth and probing, soft, sensual fingers... She stopped herself and realised she had been about to touch herself through her skirt just thinking about it. Blushing a deep red she turned around and sat down on a bench, pressing the edge of it into her crotch and wriggling on it to stop her need to pee being quite so severe.

"Sorry, I..." She said, red faced.

"Don't worry," replied the brunette. "I was the same when I started. Had to make myself cum about 8 times a day for the first month just to calm myself down." She winked slowly at Alice and looked her up and down, which only served to increase Alice's arousal.

"Oh, I don't... erm... No, I haven't..." Alice chuckled bashfully, unsure of what to say when faced with such a brazen admission.

"Shut up!" Sophie replied with her mouth open. "You haven't touched yourself since last week??"

"I've never.. erm... never done that!" Alice muttered under her breath, finishing her cocktail with a slurp.

"Shit, girl, you must be going out of your mind. This place is the sexiest place I've ever been, and your interview was one of the sexiest things i've ever seen! How could you stand not cumming after that?!"

"It's been... difficult"

Sophie looked long and hard at the wriggling girl and after a few moments, said "I've got just the thing for you tonight. Get dressed."

Alice stood up with an effort, clenching her pee hole closed, and pulled a dress identical to Sophie's but in black out of the locker. 'What the hell was in the drink??' she thought to herself for the second time that week. She undressed slowly, being careful not to jolt her bladder. Her top and bra came off with her legs crossed, but she had to twist her skirt to unzip it and it put awful pressure on her bladder.

"Fuck, not yet!" she moaned, sliding her legs frantically past each other as she buried her hand in her crotch.

She wriggled out of her skirt and stood there in black lace panties, hand in her crotch, as she tried to decide the best way to get the dress on without pissing in it before the night had even started.

"You are so beautiful" Said Sophie, coming round from behind the lockers. "And damn sexy when you hold yourself. Is it that bad already?"

Alice nodded and whimpered. She had drunk a lot of water and two mugs of tea before coming just in case she didn't need to pee enough.It was all hitting her at once now and she collapsed to her knees, sitting on her heel, grinding it into her crotch.

Together, they squeezed Alice into the dress. It felt way too tight around her bladder and she didn't dare get up. There was no room for a bra under the dress and Alice was sitting on her heel so there was no way to get the dress past her hips without her standing.

"OK, ready?" Said Sophie, who had started to wriggle around herself. "One, two.... three"

Alice clenched as hard as she could, stood up, and her hand flew to her crotch. She had gotten so desperate so quickly again, but this time after the last five days of sexual denial, she was also getting uncontrollably horny. This was easily the most desperate she had been since her interview, and it seemed, now, that desperation was directly linked to arousal. Even just with her hand in her crotch, not moving, on the outside of her panties she felt her legs getting weak and her breath becoming shallow, her face reddening.

"No, no" Sophie intervened. "Not yet beautiful,"

Alice was returned to the real world and realised she had her eyes closed and was leaning against the lockers. She looked down at herself, dress hiked up around her hips, hand on her small panties. She blushed again.

"Sorry, I... I don't know what..."

Sophie stepped over so she was within an inch of Alice's face. Her beautiful perfume and bouncy chestnut hair occupying all of Alice's senses apart from those in her bladder.

She leaned in and sensually, softly and fragrantly kissed Alice on the lips. The kiss lasted for a few seconds but to Alice it felt like weeks. She was breathless again and her knees were shaking, half from her desperate attempt to hold her bladder, half from how close she was to orgasm.

"Plenty of time for orgasms. Plenty of them." She was still so close Alice could have licked her. "The clients are arriving now and we need to be ready." she whispered in Alice's ear. "Take off your panties"

"I can't, I'll piss myself" the poor girl moaned, legs bouncing back and forward.

"You can do this" A soft whisper

Alice took a deep breath, concentrated with all her strength on holding her pee, and released her hand.

"Aaaaaaaaah" screamed the poor tortured girl with the sheer effort of holding her pee hole closed without her hand to help. Her chest was heaving, breasts almost coming out of the small cups that the dress provided.

With one swift movement, Sophie bent down, pulled the black panties down to Alice's ankles and replaced Alice's hand with her own, jamming it between the tanned thighs which were pounding up and down, mincing together in a last ditch effort to hold on.

"Oh. My. God." Exclaimed Sophie as Alice stood, trembling, her whole body shaking as she fought the wave of pee inside her. "You are unbelievably wet. I have literally never felt anything like this!"

Sophie's fingers were sliding aroung between Alice's legs as she writhed, leaning against the lockers.

"I... Can't ....Stop" She screamed. She could feel a wave building up inside her. Her whole body was burning, shaking, tingling with the most incredible feeling she could ever imagine. Her toes went numb, followed by her fingers, and still Sophie's hand slid around the soft, slippery wetness between her legs,

Alice's bladder felt like it was ready to explode. Pain shot through her stomach and down into her crotch, mixing with the intense pleasure she was getting from Sophie. She writhed and groaned, faster and harder.

"I... Seriously..." She breathed "Can't..."

With that Alice collapsed against the lockers and Sophie reached around behind her to steady her, pressing into her stomach accidentally.

The second she did so, a loud hissing sound burst from between Alice's legs and she screamed, on the very edge of the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced.

"No! Stop!" Said Sophie urgently, breathing heavily and looking flushed herself.

Alice started retreating from the edge of orgasm. "Please, keep touching! Almost... There..."

But Sophie had removed her hand and was repeating herself. "Stop!!"

With a superhuman effort, Alice pulled all her strength together and cut off the flow of pee. She had peed for about fifteen seconds. Not nearly enough to satisfy her desperate bladder, but enough to enable her stand without holding herself.

"Why?" She asked breathlessly, chest heaving and feeling slowly returning to her toes.

"You have to be desperate for the clients," replied Sophie with a wink.

"But I need to..." Alice was returning to herself now. Still desperate to pee, still desperate for an orgasm, but still bashful. She admonished herself for almost saying 'cum' infront of someone else! She hastily pulled her dress down to cover her still dripping vagina, noticing the fluid coating the inside of her thighs.

"Like I say, plenty of time," Sophie smiled mischeviously. She pulled out a strange looking device that looked like a three pronged rubber fork but with the three prongs arranged in a triangle and the handle missing. "This is for you".

Sophie stepped towards Alice again and slowly pulled up her dress, once again revealing her neatly trimmed hair and shining wet crotch. Alice was wriggling a little with desperation but she allowed Alice to guide the rubber fork into her pussy. One prong reached inside her, pressing gently on the inside of her, right against her g-spot. Alice gasped sharply as a fresh wave of arousal hit her. 'Another woman is putting something inside me!' her mind shouted, almost as loud as her bladder was shouting. The second and third prongs reached outside, one on either side of her enlarged clitoris which was slippery and begging to be touched. The prongs brushed it slightly and Alice shuddered with pleasure, almost losing control of her bladder again.

"Shit!" she shouted instinctively, and her hand shot to her crotch. To her surprise, the little toy was so well fitted to her that she could barely feel it, even with her hand against her naked crotch. She bounced up and down on the spot a little, regaining composure.

"There, that should do it" Said Sophie with a smile.

"What is that thing??"

"A vibrator,"

Alice blushed, yet again. "I've never... used..."

"Then you're in for a treat," replied Sophie. "Because I've got the controller for yours and now..." she reached down to Alice's crotch and did something Alice couldn't see. "You've got the controller for mine. "Watch"

Sophie pulled her skirt up, revealing neatly trimmed hair that was just long enough to curl. She put her hand into her crotch, as if to stop herself peeing. It was, quite simply, the most arousing thing Alice had ever seen.

As soon as Sophie touched her crotch, an incredible thing started happening to Alice. All at once, she felt like she was about to burst with pee, her clit was shooting fireworks into her body she screamed in pleasure.

Sophie took her hand away. "You can't be that obvious!" she said, chuckling. "We're not really supposed to use these, but because they're so small nobody ever notices. But they will if you have a screaming orgasm every time I hold myself! I'll be doing that a lot tonight!"

Alice could see stars. She felt like her world had just exploded with pleasure. "I thought I was going to pee right then!"

"That's the g-spot, it'll do that to you," Sophie grinned. "Come on, we're late, and I am bursting for a pee. Let's get this show started."

The two girls straightened themselved up and, wriggling and bending over slightly at the waist, they got back in the elevator...

...To be continued

*009*2019-04-30 23:35

Hi everyone,

Thanks for your kind comments and your patience. Here is the second part to this chapter! Hope you enjoy!

Sophie.

It was difficult for Sophie to tell what was screaming for her attention more, her clit or her bladder. Alice was, Sophie thought, an absolutely perfect addition to the team. And not masturbating, ever?! God she was such an innocent little thing!

Sophie breathed out deeply as she relived the pee spraying out of Alice’s slippery, writhing crotch and felt herself getting more and more aroused. This was going to be a fun evening!

There were two customers this evening; a young couple who had been here only once before, and a regular they all called ‘The Doctor’. A handsome man in his early 40s who mostly liked to watch but occasionally had unusual requests. Today, Sophie could see a large grey machine next to him. Presumably something he had in store for them tonight. Sophie saw Alice making her way over to the couple. A good looking young man, maybe in his 30s, and a gorgeous brown skinned Asian girl wearing a floaty orange dress which stopped just short of showing off her panties. Both of them were staring at Alice, who was writhing around whilst talking to them, unable to keep still.

Sophie tore her eyes away from the show and walked over to the Doctor.

“Good evening sir, can I get you any drinks?” Sophie crossed her legs tightly.

“In a minute, yes.” He replied with a soft, kind voice. “First I would like you to lie down on this sofa and pull up your dress a little, just above your panties.”

Sophie could feel her bladder stretching out and crossed her legs with a little curtsy. She didn’t want to hold herself until it was absolutely necessary because she didn’t know how much vibration Alice could take without making a scene in front of the customers. She dragged her mind away from her bladder and back to this unusual request.

“Erm...” she paused, wriggling slightly as her bladder sent an urgent message. “I’m not actually wearing any”

“That’s OK.” the Doctor said with a smile. “This won’t take long.”

‘God I hope he makes me cum’ thought Sophie as she minced over to the sofa, her pussy was on fire since the changing room adventure with Alice and she desperately needed some sexual attention.

She lay down, legs clamped together, and lifted her dress up to her navel, exposing the soft curve between her legs and delicately trimmed pubes. The doctor had rolled over the machine and it wasn’t for several seconds before Sophie realised what it was - an ultrasound machine.

“I’m just going to have a quick look at your bladder” said the Doctor in his calming voice.

He squeezed some cold gel onto her abdomen, causing her to gasp and rock her hips back and forth.

“You really need to pee huh?”

Sophie nodded sharply.

“This shouldn’t take long” he smiled

Just as he said that, he pushed the large scanner right onto her tortured bladder.

“Aaah!” Yelped Sophie as the sudden pressure sent shocks through her body.

She squeezed her thighs as tightly together as she could, arching her back and grinding her naked butt into the sofa. She could feel pee trickling down her urethra as she tried desperately to hold on.

“P - please stop” she begged “I’m about to pee”

“Almost done” the doctor smiled kindly.

Sophie could feel her thighs becoming slick with a mixture of pee and her own juices. She was leaking despite all of her efforts, writhing around and grinding her hips, clamping her legs together over her exposed pubic area. She was about to lose it completely...

“All done.” Said the doctor, removing the pressure. “Your bladder looks impressively full!” We’ll try a transvaginal scan next time, see if you can get even fuller.” He smiled broadly and sat down at his table.

Sophie was panting and sweating from the effort of holding back her pee. Her legs were dancing against each other, sliding over her now very wet thighs, her crotch glistening in the lights of the bar. She had no idea what a transvaginal scan was, but hopefully it would allow her to relieve some of the pressure in her bladder or clit. She was barely holding off peeing and was about two seconds of touching herself away from an incredible orgasm.

The doctor broke her desperate daze.

“Ill have an Old Fashioned please”

“Yessir” Sophie tried to slide her dress down again to cover herself. To climb off the sofa she moved one leg down first, meaning she had to separate her legs for the first time. As she did so, her pussy faced directly at the doctor and she felt a little pee leaking out. She was pleased to see him staring at her crotch with his mouth slightly open.

Clamping her struggling kegel muscles tightly, she stumbled towards the bar to fetch the drink.

Alice

Meanwhile, Alice had managed to get two cocktails prepared for the young couple. Her desperation had built up again since she peed in the changing room, and she was again becoming frantic. Her pee felt like it could burst out at any second and she had to keep grinding her legs together, walking on the spot constantly.

Alice barely noticed, given her own predicament, but the Asian girl was sitting right on the edge of her seat, grinding her crotch into the leather edge. Every now and then Alice would catch a glimpse of the top of her gorgeous brown legs ending in some orange panties which matched the colour of her dress.

“Two Margaritas!” Alice said with a forced smile, trying in vain to stay still while pee tried to burst out of her.

“You’re really beautiful” said the girl with a bashful smile, taking a sip of her drink.

Alice smiled and bent her knees a little. She was having to bend over a little at the waist and her hips were gyrating trying to control her bladder.

The girl continued and Alice tried to concentrate on what she was saying. “You look so sexy when you’re desperate to pee. Sit down and tell us what you’re feeling”

Alice hesitated but shuffled over. Talking about her body like this was not something she was used to doing. Even talking to a doctor about her private areas made her embarrassed and blush! She sat down with her heel under her crotch and shoved her pee hole onto her heel with as much force as she could manage.

The man spoke. “I’m Tom, and this is Tia.” He began. “It’s only our second time here. We both love seeing girls desperate for the loo and we can’t believe how awesome this place is. God, you’re absolutely bursting aren’t you?”

Alice realised that her while body was shaking. She was pulling herself down onto her heel with both hands so hard that her fingers had turned white. She nodded. They made small talk for fifteen or twenty minutes. They had met at work, had been together for six years and about a year in they had been on a night out with friends when Tia had misjudged how much she needed to pee before they walked between two bars. They had stopped to get cash from an ATM and Tia had been dancing around and grabbing herself, about to pee. Tom had found it so attractive that as soon as they got to the second bar, Tia ran for the bathroom but Tom followed her and before she could pee, they had amazing leaky sex. That was how they discovered their shared fetish and that was how they ended up here, married, five years later.

After hearing this story, Alice was even more desperate and even more turned on. And so, it seemed, was Tia.

“Tell us how it feels,” Tia said. She was twisting her legs together and shaking her hips, and alternating this with opening and closing her legs rapidly. Alice could see right up her short orange dress to her panties, and caught a glimpse of a dark wet spot in the crotch.

Alice forced herself to relax a little and tried to focus on the feeling. “I feel like my bladder is about to explode.” Her voice was shaky and she was panting with effort.

“Oh god me too” said Tia breathlessly.

“Go on,” Tom nodded to Alice encouragingly

“Erm.. My whole stomach is aching and I literally cant stop moving, my muscles feel like they’re twitching all by themselves, and i can feel the pee trying to escape... Oh my GOD i need the loo” Alice was hit by an extreme wave of desperation, and felt some pee right at the end of her urethra, for the second time in an hour. “Ohhhh its about to come out” she was flailing around and grinding with all she had onto her heel.

“What about your pussy?” As Tia spoke, Alice saw her grabbing her own crotch as if to stop pee escaping, but then as she grabbed it she rubbed it in slow circles. Alice blushed and looked away.

“Don’t be shy,” Tia smiled, “Doesn’t it turn you on like crazy when you have to pee this bad? Or seeing me desperate too?” She was rubbing her crotch faster now through her panties and thrusting her hips forwards and backward rhythmically.

Alice stared. This beautiful, confident stranger was masturbating in front of her. Alice was speechless. Her whole mind was occupied with three things. How much she desperately had to pee, how much she desperately needed to have sex with someone or something, and how much she wanted to tear those bright orange panties off and touch Tia’s private areas. This last one was a total shock to Alice, who was she turning into?

“Tell us what you’re feeling in your pussy,” panted Tia again. Tom was staring, visibly erect through his trousers.

“Well, to be honest,” Alice blushed. Only her extreme desperation was making her distracted enough from being too embarrassed to talk about this. “My pee hole feels like it’s full and the pee is right at the very end. My whole crotch is soaking wet and I don’t even know from what. My pee, juice or sweat. I’m moving my legs around so much but I can barely f...f... feel them touching each other because everything is s...s... so wet.” Alice shuddered towards the end as pee made another bid for freedom.

“And what about your panties? A...are they wet?” Tia was panting now, leaning forward slightly, slowly rubbing her hand up and down the outside of her orange panties. Alice, through her haze of desperation, could see them getting darker as they got wetter.

“I’m not actually wearing any..” she muttered.

Tia stopped touching herself, leaned forwards even further, long black hair framing her beautiful face. “Kiss me.”

Tia grabbed her crotch again, although this time it looked like it was to stop her peeing, and moved towards Alice. Alice was paralysed with fascination and desperation. Tia stood with one leg either side of Alice’s bouncing knees and slowly lowered herself onto her lap so Alice was forced to remove her heel from underneath her. Doing so caused a leak to squirt out of her and soak into her dress. She was completely at her limit.

Meanwhile, Tia was straddling her, legs wide open, holding her crotch and squirming. “I am so close to pissing myself, but I need you to touch me.” She breathed.

With this, she used her free hand to take Alice’s and moved it to her panties. She slowly slid Alices hand inside her panties so it replaced her own which was holding her pee in. Alice’s mind was blown. She felt the soft brush of cotton matched with the coarse caress of very short pubic hair. And then her hand went deeper. As soon as she got a little lower, the wetness began. Tia’s pussy was covered in juices and Alices hand slid over them easily. Tia’s lips were soaking wet, and this coated the inside of her panties too so it was difficult to tell where one stopped and the other began.

“Oh fuck I’m almost peeing. Touch me.” Tia moaned, pushing herself desperately in the direction of Alice’s hand.

Having never masturbated and certainly never touching a girl before, Alice didn’t really know what to do, but she just did what she wanted someone else to do to her right then and it seemed to work well.

She brushed Tia’s clit with a finger and as she did so a jet of hot pee splashed into her hand. “Fuck I cant...”

Tia never finished because Alice pushed two fingers inside her soaking pussy. More pee squirted out, hitting Alice’s palm and leaking through Tias panties, soaking into the front of Alice’s dress.

Alice pulled her fingers out and used them to rub Tia’s clit in small circles. Tia was slowly and continuously leaking pee now and Alice could feel it dribbling off her hand and down her own legs. This feeling of pee escaping drove her own desperation into overdrive and she lost another spurt of pee into her dress.

“Oh god I’m wetting myself” she muttered to herself. That drove Tia into a frenzy and she grabbed Alice’s hand and drove it harder into her crotch. Alice’s fingers slipped deep inside the excited girl and her palm ground against the throbbing and engorged clit as pee exploded from Tia’s desperate bladder.

Tia arched her back, pushing Alice’s hand into her crotch with both hands and started to shake “yes, yes YES” she yelled and her whole body convulsed. Pee was spraying everywhere, bouncing off Alice’s hand with an incredible force, soaking the fronts of both girls dresses, running down their legs and pooling on the floor. Her body was shaking and Alice could feel her pussy pulsating on her fingers, grabbing then as if trying to force them further inside. The orgasm lasted thirty seconds, and after it had finished, Alice kept her hand in Tia’s panties as more and more pee gushed out, soaking everything around them. Tia kissed Alice deeply and strongly as the last of the pee left her body.

“Holy shit that was amazing.” Tia said throatily.

Alice slowly removed her hand, causing Tia to shudder and close her eyes.

“Your turn” Tia smiled, “but first, we need a few more drinks...”

Tia stood up. The whole front of her dress was soaked with pee and it was clinging to her slender frame. The hem was sticking to her flat stomach so her now very dark panties were showing. They too were soaking wet and were clinging to her labia and pubic area. Alice wanted nothing more than to bury her fingers in that soaking wet area again, but two things stopped her. First, Tia turned, sat on Tom and started kissing him passionately. Second, Alice’s bladder was about to explode.

The tortured girl stood up and tried to make her way to the bar. The front of her own dress was soaked with Tia’s pee, right up to her breasts. The back of her dress which she had been sitting on was also soaked with her own pee and a big section of it was coated in slippery juices from her pussy which was screaming for attention almost as loudly as her bladder.

Alice could feel it escaping. Two drops made their way out as she took a few steps towards to bar. They ran along her labia and trickled down her already slick legs. The next step, two more. Alice was frantic. She had only been working for 45 minutes, an hour at most. She couldn’t lose it yet.

She was halfway to the bar. More pee trickled out. She could see Sophie at the bar, making a drink, frantically dancing and curtseying. Clearly also frantically desperate. Her cute little butt twitching up and down. God how good it would be to grab that. Alice had lost all of her inhibitions with her intense desire to pee. Just as she thought this, a huge spurt of pee erupted from her crotch, spraying her legs. She was losing the battle. She had just one more option.

“Sorry Sophie” Alice looked up and just as she did so, Sophie met her gaze.

Sophie

Sophie didn’t know how she had made it this far. The doctor had talked a lot about pee incontinence studies and desperation and had done two more incredibly difficult ultrasounds. Sophie had seen the black chasm on the monitor which was her distended and engorged bladder and had whimpered for him to stop. After these drinks were made it was the transvaginal scan, whatever that was.

Soohie was just about holding on. It was taking all of her strength and she was trying almost every trick in the book. Her legs danced as she squatted and scissored them, trying to distract herself from her bladder and need for sexual stimulation. She poured the drink into a glass and looked up.

Alice was stumbling towards her. She was a frantic, desperate mess. Her entire dress was completely soaked and it had become so tight and clingy that she may as well have not been wearing one at all. Just as Sophie looked, Alice caught her eye. She looked panicked and frantic. ‘Sorry Sophie’ she mouthed.

Sophie knew at once what was about to happen. Her eyes widened in panic. “Oh shit not now, I’ll lose it!”

But Alice was clearly beyond the point where she could trust her poor kegel muscles, and her hand reached under her dripping wet dress and grabbed her crotch.

Instantly, Sophie’s body was on fire. Vibrations pulsed into her clit and her g-spot and she moaned a low, soft sound as fireworks exploded in her crotch. It was absolutely everything she could do not to pee. Her whole body was now focusing purely on the incredibly ecstasy coming from her vagina and was completely ignoring her bladder.

Alice had arrived at the bar, still holding herself.

“I’m so sorry!” She muttered “I just couldn’t hold it any other way.”

Sophie was in no shape to reply. She sank to the floor as wave after wave of vibrations rocketed through her body. She became loosely aware that her dress had ridden up and that she was thrusting her naked pussy into the air as she steamed towards an orgasm. The world started to go black... her body started convulsing... she was so close...

But then it stopped, and the urge to pee came back with a vengeance.

“Nooo” Sophie moaned, partly because the vibrations had stopped and partly because she was about to pee. She clamped her legs closed, hard, and began to feel how intensely wet her crotch was. It could have been a little pee, but was definitely mostly her juices.

Alice was writing around trying to make some drinks, and from her position on the floor Sophie could see up her soaking wet skirt to her shining slick crotch. As she looked a squirt of pee escaped and trickled down the poor girl’s legs.

Sophie stood up and pulled her dress down, breathlessly.

“Jesus christ I have to pee” she said, bending at the waist and curtseying.

Alice was even worse. She was red in the face, panting, squirming and bouncing. Her leg movements had caused her dress to ride up so her whole lower half was completely open to the air and it was completely soaking wet.

“You are incredible” said Sophie admiringly, watching the perfect body of Alice try relatively unsuccessfully to hold pee in.

Alice had made the drinks by now. “I can’t wait much longer,” she whimpered

Sophie nodded. “I can see that! That is really no problem, thats what they are paying for! Just make it authentic, although looking at you I can tell it is!”

“One more thing...” Alice trailed off while she curtseyed and balled her fists up as a wave of desperation hit her. Sophie saw a new trickle of pee make its way out of Alice’s exposed crotch, and felt herself get even more aroused.

“What is it?” Sophie asked

“Is it ok if I... erm... touch the guests?”

Sophie chuckled, which almost caused her to lose control of her bladder. “I take it you mean sexually? They are paying to watch, and touching is not part of the deal.”

Alice’s face looked shocked and disappointed all at the same time.

“Don’t worry though,” Sophie smiled “If you WANT to be touched, or touch them, that is A-ok”

Alice breathed a sigh of relief, nodded and started mincing away, wet legs shining in the lights from the bar, not even bothering to cover herself up.

“Oh one more thing!” Sophie called to her retreating back. “Save some energy for me later.”

Sophie watched the poor girl walk off, exposed, to the table with the couple. The couple seemed to be entwined in each other and neither noticed Alice approaching slowly.

Sophie dragged her attention back to her own situation. She was right on the brink of bursting, and ridiculously horny. She made her way back over to the doctor, pausing occasionally to keep pee in her overflowing body.

“Excellent, thanks” said the doctor as he accepted the drink.

Sophie collapsed onto her heel, pushing it into her pee hole as hard as she could.

“Ah, that is a common way of dealing with desperation,” said the doctor, observing her writhing form on her heel. “You feel like pee is about to come out, pushing against your muscles? And the only way to stop it is by putting something in the way?”

This talk of pee was driving Sophie crazy. She nodded mutely.

“How badly do you need it? On a scale of 1-10?

“Ten!” Sophie almost yelled it. She was beyond bursting now and she knew if she got off her heel it would all be over.

“Pull up your dress then, and let’s do this final ultrasound.”

This time, the doctor pulled out a long grey instrument with a rounded end, about 2 centimetres wide. “I’m going to need you to remove your heel from your vagina and open your legs.”

Sophie gulped, held her breath and lay back. She gathered all of her strength and gingerly opened her legs. It was total torment. Her bladder was screaming at her, pee had forced its way right to the end of her urethra and she was clinging desperately on to the edge of the seating like that would somehow help.

“Please try not to pee on the equipment, it is quite valuable.” The doctor was matter of fact but Sophie was incredulous. Doesn’t he realise that I am about to piss all over everything?

Her body was shaking as the doctor moved towards her with the long instrument aiming at her vagina.

‘Oh god, he’s going to put that inside me’ Sophie felt like something inside her was the only way to hold back her pee, and she was almost uncontrollably turned on so this seemed like a double win.

“Please hurry” she mumbled as a drip escaped her frantic muscles and dribbled out of her.

The doctor positioned the ultrasound sensor lightly on her labia, and gently pushed.

Alice

Alice was oblivious to her half-naked state. She was valiantly holding on to her pee but she felt like she was overflowing. Every step she took a small trickle of pee escaped her tired bladder and she was wetter than she had ever been, in all the ways she could think of. She could barely think straight but managed to make it back to the table.

Tia had been slowly undressing Tom but they decoupled when Alice arrived. Lia’s wet panties were on the table and Tom was not wearing a shirt.

“Come here lovely,” said Tia warmly, the front of her dress still visibly dripping.

Alice put down the drinks and made her way over, legs crossed tightly.

“Wow.” Tom and Tia said in unison as they saw the state if Alice’s dress.

For the first time Alice looked down and gasped. She was completely nude from the waist down. Frantically, she tried to force the soaking material back in to place, but Tia put a hand on hers.

“Better off I think” she smiled and peeled the dress off over Alice’s head. Alice could do nothing but twist her legs together more tightly and bounce on the spot.

“Wow you really are bursting aren’t you?” Asked Tom kindly

Alice nodded, now totally naked in-front of the pair, breasts bouncing as she ground her legs together.

“If you want to, you can cone and sit on my lap?” Tom said. “If you don’t want to thats totally fine!”

Alice wanted two things. She desperately, desperately wanted to pee. It had been almost three hours since she first would have described herself as ‘needing to pee’ and she honestly felt like she couldn’t take much more pressure. But secondly, she desperately wanted to cum. She had been so uncontrollably horny this last week, and even before that she had been getting quite frustrated - the last guy she had been with was three months ago, and as a non-masturbator that had been her last orgasm.

So she walked over to Tom. Naked. Thighs and crotch glistening with pee and moisture. From behind, Tia took a step too, and guided Alice’s contorted body so she was straddling Tom, facing him, with Tia just behind.

With her legs apart like that she started leaking. But she was captured by the moment and was too committed to back out now. She unbuckled Tom’s trousers and pulled out his erect penis. As he began to put on a condom, she screwed up all of her muscles, desperately trying to hold her pee just a little longer. The feeling of utter and complete desperation was unbelievably erotic. Finally he was done. Still shaking with the effort of holding in as much pee as she could, she pushed herself on to him.

With all the liquid and wetness all over her he slid in to her so smoothly she barely felt it at first, but then his penis hit her distended bladder.

“Oh holy shiiiiiit” she shouted as a new and even more intense wave of desperation hit her. Pee was about to erupt out of her when she felt Tia behind her. Tia reached around, grabbed Alice’s crotch around Tom’s cock and held the pee in.

“Just hold it for a little longer lovely” she whispered into Alice’s ear.

Tia’s hand, holding in Alice’s pee, came into contact with the vibrator...

Sophie

Sophie was about to lose her mind, the transvaginal ultrasound scanner was inside her and the doctor was moving it around, bashing it into her poor sensitive bladder. The movement was not enough to be enjoyable, but it was enough to make her pee herself, and she was getting closer and closer to the edge.

She whimpered, as the doctor prodded her bladder again from the inside.

“Just another minute” the doctor said. He seemed to be fascinated by the display Sophie was putting on, both with her naked crotch and on the monitor.

‘Ok, just one minute. I can do this’ she thought to herself, pouring the last bit of strength she had into her kegels.

But that was the exact moment that Tia touched Alice’s vibrator.

Vibrations of pure pleasure exploded between Sophie’s legs, pushing her clit and g-spot into another world. She started writhing as pulses of pleasure shot through her whole body. And she started losing control.

“Stop peeing!” She heard the doctor say but he seemed like he was a long way away as her body was completely overwhelmed by pleasure.

Some part of her brain registered his instruction and she grabbed her crotch with both hands feeling the incredible wetness between her legs and trying to hold her pee hole closed whilst accommodating the ultrasound still deep inside her.

Sophie managed to stop the pee, but she was lost to the orgasm.

“Oh... my...” Sophie screamed in pleasure. Her whole body convulsed, thrusting her naked crotch into the air. She was shaking, her legs flailing, hands still clamped to her crotch, pushing the vibrations into her pulsing clit. Over and over again, wave after wave of orgasm shook her body. Her toes and fingers went numb, and she could barely catch a breath. Still the orgasm kept pulsing through her. As if it would never stop.

Alice

Meanwhile, Alice was grinding herself into Tom’s cock and Tia’s hand. It seemed impossible that pee wasn’t coming out of her, she was so desperately full that she felt like her bladder was compressing her lungs. But god it felt incredible!

That was the moment that Sophie grabbed herself. Alice’s world exploded. Vibrations shook through her as Tia’s hand, Tom’s cock and her own bladder combined with the powerful vibrations to send her into another world.

“Oh... yes... I’m... gonna... CUM!” Alice’s bladder was sending shock waves of painful pleasure through her which matched the vibrations from her clit. Every movement she made crushed her bladder into Tom and her body was pulsing and pushing, trying desperately but failing to force some pee past Tia’s hand.

The pain from her bladder was matched by the intense slippery pleasure which seemed to be coming from her entire body. She started convulsing as the beginnings of her orgasm built up. Her back arched, fireworks and tingling numbness shot through her body, all of her muscles seemed to contract at the same time...

“Oh my GOD!” The orgasm hit her like a train. All of her body started writhing, her chest pushed down into Tom’s face whilst her legs began violently and uncontrollably shaking. Her vibrating, desperate, soaking wet crotch was thrust into the air away from Tom’s erection as Tia lost her grip.

Finally free from its constraints, pee exploded from Alice’s tortured urethra as she came. A thick, clear torrent burst from her pulsating body, spraying Tia from head to toe, and still Alice kept cumming. At some point she tried to stop peeing but her muscles were too tired and her orgasm too powerful. She tried to close her legs, but her convulsing, orgasmic body just sprayed pee forwards and backwards, soaking Tom in the same way as it had Tia.

Still she kept peeing and the orgasm continued to shake her body and mind. She collapsed on the seats, pee still spraying from her crotch as her legs shook uncontrollably. Pee covered her and the seating as she writhed in pleasure.

Sophie

The doctor had removed the ultrasound transducer at some point while Sophie was cumming. She didn’t remember it happening, but she still had her hands clamped tightly onto her pussy. She was out of her mind with desperation. Her whole body was screaming for release and only her hands were stopping pee from escaping.

“Another Old fashioned please” smiled the doctor.

Sophie knew she was finished, but she had no choice but to try. Her hands were losing their grip on her soaking wet crotch. She wriggled herself to a standing position and started walking towards the bar. Every step was torture. Her body was still reeling from her earth shattering orgasm just moments earlier and she felt like she could barely stand.

She eventually reached the bar. The doctor was watching her intently. Sophie knew she was going to have to use both hands to make the drink. Taking a deep breath and steeling herself, she let go. Pee shot out of her, spraying the inside of her thighs and soaking her feet. She snapped her legs tightly closed but pee still gushed out of her, running in thick rivers down her all the way to the floor. “No, no, come ON Soph!” She told herself.

Somehow she managed to get the flow under control but releasing some had somehow made her even more frantic. Her hands shook as she poured the drink, mashed the bitters into the liquor, slowly stirring... the process blurred from one desperate burst of bladder torture to the next.

Alice

After what seemed like several minutes to Alice, the vibrations stopped, the orgasm subsided and pee slowed to a trickle. Alice was still panting and shaking as pee slowly leaked from her, running over her legs and soaking into the seats. Tia had taken Alice’s place on top of Tom’s lap and was riding him rapidly as both of them stared at Alice’s shaking, panting body.

Alice herself had no concept of time or the events around her. She could feel herself constantly leaking pee and casually wondered how much pee she could possibly have left. She pulled herself gradually to her feet, oblivious to the fact that she was completely naked and soaked in her own pee, and stumbled towards the bar.

Her legs were weak and shaky, and so, so slippery. Pee slowly snaked down them as she tottered towards the bar. She tried to stop the flow of pee but no matter how hard she tried it just kept leaking out slowly. “I hope I haven’t done any permanent damage...” she vaguely thought to herself, dazed.

Then, she noticed Sophie. The poor girl was actually writhing and contorting herself into shapes Alice couldn’t have even imagined. She was dancing and frantically rubbing her legs together as she tried to make a drink.

“No, no, please no...” she was muttering over and over. Her dress barely covered her butt and Alice could see that both things were soaking wet. Sophie was losing control.

Alice stared. Her arousal washed over her again. She was completely enraptured by this stunning brunette leaking uncontrollably from her barely covered crotch.

Sophie started moving back towards her customer with a drink on a tray in her hand. But the walking was more than she could manage. To move back to the table, she had to unentwine her legs. Alice watched, fascinated, as she took a step, and as she did, pee burst from her with an astonishing force.

“Oh shit NO” Sophie tried to cross her legs again but it was too late. There was no stopping it this time. It poured out of her, running in rivers along her labia, down her legs and spraying into the air. Sophie kept walking. She was almost running in fact. And each step made pee spray out harder and in a new and different direction. She was still peeing full force when she got back to the table and Alice found herself following her to see more.

The customer was staring at Sophie’s pussy as fluid kept bursting out as if it would never stop. Sophie put the drink down, trying desperately to force her pee hole closed. That was when Sophie noticed Alice, standing just next to her, breasts bare to the world, flat stomach slowly curving down between her legs, getting wetter and wetter. Alice was staring at Sophie’s leaking crotch.

Still peeing, Sophie stepped towards Alice and kissed her, hard, and at the same time forcing her own hand between Alice’s legs.

Alice felt Sophie’s probing fingers find her clit as she kissed her back. Alice pushed her own hand in between Sophie’s legs, feeling the torrent of hot pee still pouring out. As soon as the touched Sophie’s crotch, vibrations exploded in her own.

It took less than five seconds for both girls to find another orgasm. Sophie pushed her body against Alice as they both came. Pee pulsed out of Sophie as her body shook, pulling Alice into her, hard. Alice’s body found some more pee to push out and her bladder emptied over Sophie’s cupped hand. The two girls clung to each other, panting as their orgasms shook them over and over again, pulsing though their tired and wet bodies. Slowly, their orgasms and their pee subsided and they stayed tangled, panting, pushed against each other.

Eventually, after a minute or two of this, they slowly disengaged.

Sophie looked down at Alice’s pert breasts and neat pubic hair, her skin shining with pee and sweat.

“Do you want another dress?” Sophie joked, and both girls started to laugh.

*016*2021-07-25 06:01

Part 3 available here

