Longest and most amazing pee of my life

Author: Sassy1

*000*2019-01-22 17:29

This is a true story of the most amazing pee of my life.

A few years ago I went on a training day with a friend and co-worker. I peed right before I left the house at 6am and drove to her house and picked her up and 6:15am, then drove to the station to get a train to Manchester, which is a 2 hour train journey. We got on the train at about 6:40. During the journey I started to need the toilet but my friend is one of those people who hardly has to pee, so I didn't use the train toilet because I didn't want her to think I have to pee all the time, especially as I was going to be with her all day. Even when I was working with her up until she was about 36 weeks pregnant she didn't have to go as often as me!

When we arrived in Manchester I told her I really needed to go. I spotted some toilets at the station. Then I saw it was 30p to use them. I hate when places charge for toilets and I didn't even think I had the right change so I told her I'd go when we arrived at the venue. We then had to catch a bus, for a 5 or so minute journey. By this time I was really bursting. We got on the bus and it moved so slowly due to traffic and to make matters worse there were speed bumps which was torture for my bladder which by this point felt like it was the size of a watermelon. We got off the bus and I was trying not to show how desperate I was.

We had to look at a map to find the venue, by this time I'm so desperate I could barley stand up straight and was almost doubled over. We finally arrived at 9am. First though we had to sign in. I felt like I was literally about to burst and signed in as fast as I could, then I asked where the toilet was. It was a single toilet (like a disabled toilet no stalls, it had a sink contained within it). I cannot describe the feeling when I finally sat down to pee. The pee came out of me like a waterfall, it just went on and on and on, it honestly lasted about 90 seconds! I was amazed by my bladder and how much I could hold in there, it felt like it was never going to end. I really was bursting to go. When it finally did come to an end, the relief was just IMMENSE, it felt orgasmic when I stood up and my bladder was finally empty after holding in so much for so long.

It was heavenly and felt amazing! I don't know where it all came from, it's not like I'd drank a great deal that morning, but there must have been over a litre. The feeling lasted for the whole of the morning. My co-worker didn't pee until the break at about 11am, which I found staggering, as I'm one of those people who has to go like every hour to and hour and a half, so 3 hours felt like an eternity! It was a similar thing coming back from the course. I peed when I left the venue and didn't go again until after I'd taken my friend home. That was a struggle and I peed loads then too but I think my bladder had been so stretched in the morning it didn't feel quite so bad. That was a few years ago and I have been very desperate on a several occasions since then but I have never had such a long pee like that since and have never felt relief as incredible as that!

*003*2019-01-25 09:26

I didn't use fingers, I was in public. It was such a struggle though.

I know Jimmy, it was insane!

*008*2020-02-11 15:23

It's still the most amazing pee of my life

*010*2020-02-19 13:54

Maybe...…

