Guess he likes it too

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-05 18:09

Hey guys, got a little bored so decided to write a short story. Hope you guys find it enjoyable.

He walked through the door and I noticed he was flustered. He was murmuring to himself; I couldn’t hear what he was saying but I could tell he was frustrated. I paid it little mind, I was busy cooking our dinner, besides, I just figured he’d had a bad day at work which was a pretty common occurrence. I stirred the pasta and listened to him removing his shoes and placing his keys on the hook. I called out a greeting which went unheard. I’m not having that, I thought to myself. Its one thing being in a mood, but another thing altogether blanking your girlfriend.

“Did you not hear, I said hello?” I called out sarcastically.

Again, he didn’t respond.

I turned the heat down on the pasta and walked into the hallway. He had gone upstairs, in quite a hurry by the sounds of it. I felt it was pointless calling out again if he was just going to ignore me, so I followed him upstairs. I checked our bedroom and there was no sign, I checked my office space, no sign. I called out again, this time asking where he had gotten to, he simply called back with “bathroom”. Here we go, I thought to myself, gunna be one of those nights.

“I haven’t seen you all day, it would be nice to even just say hello when you get back in from work” I was feeling a little agitated, this kind of attitude really grinds my gears.

“I’ll be out in a second” he called from behind the door. It sounded like he was getting changed to me. Why get changed in the bathroom though?

“baby, what’s going on? I know something has happened, this isn’t just another bad day at the office, please, just come out and talk to me” I guessed it was pointless but I can be stubborn and I really don’t like it when he ignores me.

“Just give me a minute, please. I’m not trying to be obtuse, it’s just I don’t want you getting the wrong end of the stick”

Okay, this is beginning to worry me now, I thought to myself. Has he been with another woman? Is that why he’s looked himself away? To give himself an opportunity to get rid of her scent. If that is the case, he may as well stay in there, because there is no way in hell, he’s coming anywhere near me.

“You’re worrying me now, please just come out” i probably sounded a lot less angry than I was deep inside. I find it is often best to stay calm on the outside, that can save a lot of trouble and strife.

“look, I’m sorry, it’s just…” I heard his voice breaking slightly and he took a big deep breath before finishing his sentence.

“just what? I’m your girlfriend please don’t keep me in the dark. Whatever it is I want to help”

“look, truth is….. ahh. Look the truth is I’ve pissed myself. Okay”

Did I hear right? Did he just say he’s pissed himself? Surely not?

“babe I’m sorry I didn’t hear what you said” my voice pleaded ignorance, I was ninety percent sure of what he said, I just wanted confirmation.

“I’ve pissed myself” okay, that time I heard him.

Oh boy. How do I play this? Calm and soothing? Say nothing and let him simmer down and then talk about it? Is he too embarrassed to talk about it? Maybe that’s it. Maybe he’s too embarrassed, he has no reason to be, as much as anything else, it happens, he is only human. Or do I tell him the truth: which is when I heard those three words, my knickers became wet with excitement?

“Okay babe come out he bathroom, please. I wanna be with you right now, not stuck at the other side of a door”

There was a pause. He didn’t say anything, and I wondered if he ever would say anything, I guess this kind of thing is harder for some people to deal with than others. But at the very least, I wanted to be with him in this moment, not for my benefit, but for his. The truth is I have fantasised about this for a long time, he knows nothing about it, I’ve kept it very private. As much as I love this sorta thing, our sex life has been fine without it, I haven’t seen the need to rock the boat and potentially make things awkward between us. However, in this moment, I had regretted not saying anything. Not for my own gratification, but because I believed that having this knowledge in this moment of time would have made it easier for him. If he knew how I felt, then maybe he would not have run upstairs to hide, and he would have just passed it off and forgotten about it. Hindsight is a wonderful thing, I guess.

Eventually the door opened, and he stepped out. His dark blue jeans were soaked from crotch to ankle. His junk was bulging slightly against his fly, not surprising given he is well hung. I looked him up and down and it just made me super horny. I asked him to turn around, I made it sound like I was doing an inspection rather than just enjoying the view. Oh boy, hiss ass was soaked too. Guess he lost control in the car then? He turned back to face me. He didn’t seem embarrassed, which made his behaviour seem even more unusual.

I moved close to him and hugged him tight. He really did smell of pee, but that was fine, I liked that, it just turned me on even more. After a few moments I stepped back and looked him up and down again, this isn’t a view I’ll forget easily, I thought to myself. I looked him in the eye and told him it was alright; he didn’t say anything. So, I asked him what happened.

“I left work, I had been drinking a lot of coffee, I got stuck in traffic and it was just too much for me, I lost it a few miles away”

Don’t get me wrong, I felt bad for him, I truly did, but this was my fantasy coming true and I was struggling to contain my own emotions. I could feel my pussy throbbing, I just wanted him inside me so bad in that moment.

Screw it, I thought, I’m going for broke.

I moseyed up to him and grabbed his manhood. He looked at me with surprise written all over his face, but he didn’t back away. I kissed him on the cheek and looking straight into his eyes I began rubbing his penis up and down. He was getting hard; girlfriend powers win again.

I zipped his fly down. He was wearing briefs, so his junk didn’t flop out, everything just stayed in a cute mound. His underwear was cold and sodden, they were red once over, now they were more a grey like colour, he must have really needed to go. I knelt and began kissing his junk, still inside his wet underwear. He was beginning to breath heavily; he was enjoying this. He moved his hands to pull his underwear down, but I gently pushed them away, I wanted him just like this. I grabbed his wet ass with my hands and began squeezing and rubbing.

“I really should get these off” he muttered, I guess he was trying to speak normally but he was breathing hard, so I guess muttering was about all he could manage.

“You should, you’ve been a naughty boy and you need punishing” I was full on using my sex voice now.

I kind of expected some objection to my last remark, but he said nothing and removed his briefs.

His junk came out to play and stood to attention for me. I licked his manhood up and down and began sizing him up to go in my mouth. He was starting to moan; he really was enjoying this.

Just like that I had a naughty thought.

Still kneeling I began to flex and push my bladder muscles. It didn’t take long for a small trickle of pee to wet my knickers, but I wanted more. I pushed a little harder and a bit more came out and a bit more, a bit more, a bit more, then the gates opened. Pee started gushing out of my body, through my knickers, through my black leggings and pooled under my bum. His manhood was now fully in my mouth, but I had to take him out for a moment, so I didn’t bite him, I needed to grit my teeth to stop a moan escaping.

He looked down inquisitively and saw what I was doing. How could he not? I was full on pissing myself just a few feet from his face. “now we’ve both pissed ourselves. Feel better?” I asked. He didn’t say anything. He simply pounced on me. Before long the back of my tank top was sopping wet as he had pushed me straight into my puddle, my leggings had been removed and he seemed to take great delight at looking at my wet knickers, okay, it wasn’t just pee they were wet with. He was kissing me all over and playing with my breasts. I couldn’t help but moan, I was powerless to resist.

From a straddling position he ripped me up into his strong arms and carried me to our bed. He threw me down with some force and pounced on me again. I was missing something. I knew they were close by, but I was feeling around but couldn’t find them. Oh, there they are. I took them in my hand and gripped them tight, they were still wet, and I wanted them close to me as a reminded of how this came about. What were they? His wet underwear.

I think you can all guess what happens next.

The next day I was speaking to some friends, just a normal generic conversation, but I brought up about the bad traffic the day before. I was told there was no traffic that day, the roads were quiet.

Seems someone hasn’t been one hundred percent honest. Well, guess that makes two of us.

The pasta was ruined by the way.

*005*2020-04-08 20:23

{{On 4/7/2020 at 12:39 AM, Thunder said:

Honestly one of the best stories I've ever read. Very well-written, a real pleasure!

}}

{{20 hours ago, Drip said:

That was a really really really enjoyable short story, please write more, I’d love to read them.

}}

{{9 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Absolutely brilliant- had a similar effect on me!!!

}}

{{8 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Good story! That relationship is about to take a big step forward.

}}

Thank you guys!! When I wrote this piece, my original intention was for a one off short story, however, if anyone would like to read a follow up, I’d be happy to oblige.

