Cracking the Case on a Full Bladder -- A Persona 4 Story Starring Naoto

Author: By Railgun-sama

*000*2023-12-05 05:58

Another Commission! This one explores early-P4 Naoto, before she becomes more open about her feminine side, especially around her male coworkers when doing detective work. She refuses to use the bathroom around them, which leads to some problems when she's asked to do some detective fieldwork. I hope you all enjoy~ 

Cracking the Case on a Full Bladder 

Naoto tapped her foot as she studied the files on her desk. She furrowed her brow as she meticulously reviewed each note, report, and photograph again and again. She had been tasked with a particularly hard case that had left her stumped all week, and she was determined to unravel the answers behind it. 

The crime was a murder. Someone had pushed a woman named Okamoto Kyoko into an oncoming train, and several eyewitnesses had caught the act. Unfortunately, the perpetrator had been wearing a mask, and could not be identified. Through their investigations, however, the department had uncovered the perfect suspect-- the woman’s husband, Okamoto Jiro. He was a local politician who was having an affair with his secretary. There was evidence that the victim had uncovered the affair, and if she had gone public with an accusation, the scandal would’ve ended Jiro’s career. There was the motive. 

Unfortunately, Jiro had a rock-solid alibi. He was on the other side of town delivering a speech, and there were plenty of photographs and eyewitnesses that pinned him there at the exact time the train rolled into the station and hit the poor woman. There was a very visible clock in the photos as well, and Naoto had confirmed that the time the train rolled in at 10 am lined up with the time on the clock. There was no way Jiro could’ve done it himself, but throughout their thorough investigations, they hadn’t uncovered any hired hitmen or conspiracies that could explain how Jiro could have done it, nor had they found any other suspicious characters possibly related to the case. 

Naoto let out a soft sigh as she once again scanned over her notes, scrutinizing any detail, looking for any hole. But it seemed it was air-tight. Her intuition told her Jiro was involved, but if she couldn’t pin him to the murder, he would get away with it. 

Naoto looked up from her notes and glanced at the time. It was about 20 minutes until the end of her shift. She cast a glance over at the other officers working hard around her and bit her lip. Should she stay late to try to crack this one? 

No, I can’t. I’m already starting to feel it. 

Naoto pressed her thighs together under her desk, tapping her foot as she cast a brief glance over to the department’s restrooms. She never used them. She worked hard to maintain her facade as a male. All of the other detectives and most of the other officers were male, and she already knew some of them used her age as an excuse not to take her seriously, despite her track record of solving some of the department’s hardest cases. The last thing she needed was for them to find out she wasn’t just a high school-age detective, but that she was a high-school aged girl detective. 

As such, Naoto couldn’t bring herself to use the women’s restrooms. At the same time, she didn’t feel comfortable using the male restrooms either. She obviously couldn’t use the urinals, and even though she could just use the stalls, the men’s room was heavily trafficked by her coworkers. Even if no one noticed, she still felt weird about potentially infiltrating somewhere she knew she didn’t belong. If she was going to use a men’s restroom, she wanted it to be a single stall so she could have more privacy. 

Of course, never using the restrooms at the police department did mean that Naoto usually had to hold it. It would be weird for her to leave the station just to find somewhere to go, after all. Sometimes she got lucky and her cases required her to investigate on-site, and in those cases she could often slip off and find somewhere to go away from the prying eyes of the other officers. However, most days she was stuck at her desk for her full shift. 

Naoto had gotten used to this arrangement over time, and often carefully monitored her fluid intake and made sure to pee just before arriving at the department. However, even with these precautions, Naoto often found her bladder pretty full by the end of the day. There were a few times in the past where she had been in a rush and hadn’t been able to use the bathroom before showing up, and a few nights where she wound up staying late, and by the end of it she had been bursting beyond belief. 

Today hadn’t been one of those days-- Naoto had gotten to relieve herself right before showing up for her shift-- but she was filling up particularly fast today, and was already getting nagged by her filling bladder. As much as she wanted to stay later to crack this case, she knew she’d be pushing it. 

Naoto squeezed her legs together once more before turning her attention back to the case. She still had 20 minutes left, after all. Who’s to say she couldn’t solve this in that time? 

“Hey, Shirogane, still working on that case, huh?” 

Naoto nearly jumped, suddenly snapped from her concentration on the case to the unexpected voice. Her bladder sent her a slight nag as well, and she hid her shuffling under her desk as she looked up. 

“C-chief!” Naoto replied, “Y-yes, I’m still trying to find a hole in the suspect’s alibi.” 

The man before her was a well-built, straight-faced man with spiky black hair and piercing eyes. He was Takagi Hiroshi, the chief investigator in charge of all of the cases Naoto worked on. He was exactly what you’d expect from a police chief. No-nonsense, stern, strict, but also kind, and he always treated his men well. 

“You still think Okamoto did it?” he asked, crossing his arms. 

“Yes,” Naoto answered, feeling a little nervous under her chief’s gaze, “In spite of his alibi, he has the motive, and the only one with a direct connection to the victim. I just can’t figure out how he did it.” 

The chief placed a hand on his chin, and at first Naoto was worried he was going to get mad, or lecture her about not tunnel-visioning in on a single suspect. But instead he nodded, patting Naoto on the shoulder. 

“That’s what I like about you, Shirogane. You’ve got a good intuition, and you can smell a rat when you see one. I also think Okamoto’s the guilty party, just gotta figure out how he did it while on the other side of town.” 

Naoto nodded, letting out a breath she didn’t know she was holding. She also shuffled under the desk again, feeling another nag from her bladder. Talking to the chief always made her a bit nervous, and since she was nearing the end of her shift, she already had to pee. 

“Actually, to that end, I have a couple of my guys down there already investigating again. We’re doing another sweep of the area to make sure we haven’t missed anything. I know you usually leave soon, but why don’t you say we pop over to check things out? Naturally you’ll be paid for your extra time.” 

Naoto paused. She was already starting to feel the effects of her full bladder, and she really didn’t like the idea of putting off a much-needed trip to the restrooms the extra hour or two it might take her to get to the scene and check things out. On the other hand, though, she didn’t really want to leave without wrapping up this case, and if the chief was also going back to the scene to check things out, then it would be beyond rude of her to say no. 

“Sure, just let me pack up my things and gather up these files,” Naoto nodded. 

“Perfect, I’ll be waiting outside the department,” the chief announced. He turned around and walked towards the door, and Naoto began packing up. 

As she rummaged and rushed to get everything neatly packed up in her bag, Naoto felt another nagging wave from her bladder, and she crossed her legs briefly under the desk. She cast one last glance to the restrooms and bit her lip. She was tempted, but she still didn’t feel comfortable using the men’s restroom, and there were still plenty of officers around that would easily spot her if she went into the women’s room. Naoto shook her head. She would just have to hold it, and hope she could slip off to a more appropriate restroom while they investigated. 

Naoto finished packing her things and stood up, perhaps a little too quickly. The action sent a jolt through her bladder and she had to catch herself on her desk. She pressed her thighs together worriedly. She couldn’t tell if she was just hit by a sudden wave from standing up, or if she had to pee worse than she thought, and sitting down and focusing on the case had just distracted her. 

For her sake, Naoto sincerely hoped it was the former. She steeled herself and headed out of the police department to rendezvous with the chief. 

As soon as Naoto stepped outside, she was hit with a strong gust of wind and had to reach up and grab her hat to keep it from blowing away. She turned and quickly found the chief waiting, and headed over to him. 

“Ah, there you are, Shirogane,” the chief nodded, “Sky’s looking pretty nasty. I wouldn’t be surprised if it storms.” 

“Indeed. I did hear it was supposed to be rainy this evening,” Naoto recalled. She had forgotten about the weather until seeing the dark clouds looming overhead. The last thing Naoto wanted or needed right now was for it to start raining. 

“Well, we better get a move-on, then,” the chief motioned towards the train station, “wouldn’t want to keep the boys waiting in the rain.” 

Even though the crime scene fell in their jurisdiction, the murder hadn’t taken place in Inaba. It took place in a small town about 15 minutes away from Inaba by train. Naturally this would’ve been inconvenient under ordinary circumstances, but with Naoto nursing an ever-filling bladder, she wasn’t looking forward to a lengthy train ride. Worse still, the walk to the train station was already uncomfortable. Naoto definitely missed the luxury of being able to sit down and shuffle her legs under her desk. 

By the time they got to the station, Naoto was seriously considering asking the chief to wait while she slipped off to the restrooms. Unfortunately from her experience, Naoto knew the restrooms at Inaba’s station weren’t single-stall. It didn’t make much sense. The station was small enough that you’d expect it to have single-stall restrooms, but for some reason it still had full multi-stall restrooms instead. Even then, it was a lot less crowded here than it was at the station, and on top of that if anyone did run into Naoto using the men’s room, they’d likely be a stranger and she’d never have to see them again. 

Still, despite her quickly-filling bladder and her rationale, Naoto could not bring herself to use the men’s room, even at the station. She cast a longing glance towards the woman’s room, wishing she could drop all pretenses and rush in, but she couldn’t do that in front of the chief of all people. So she reluctantly walked past the restrooms and stepped out onto the platform. 

Luckily, the train didn’t take too long to arrive, meaning Naoto wasn’t left standing next to the Chief, awkwardly trying not to shuffle and squirm for too long. She boarded the train hastily, eagerly to sit down again. As she took a seat next to the chief, she checked her watch. Ordinarily, this would be the end of her shift. Most days she was already more than ready to slip off and hurry to a restroom, out of sight of her coworkers at the precinct. Now, however, she was right next to her boss of all people, and they had a potentially lengthy investigation ahead of them. 

Naoto shook her head. She had definitely held it through worse and worrying about it wasn’t going to help. She instead took out her notes and began running over them in her head. If she could focus on the investigation, maybe she could wrap things up sooner rather than later. 

The one detail that Naoto kept getting hung up on was the witness testimony from Jiro’s speech. According to multiple witnesses, Jiro showed up to the speech just minutes before it was scheduled to begin. At first Naoto was hoping to find some sort of lead from this. Perhaps he was meeting up with a hitman that he hired to do the deed, or perhaps he was running back from having just carried out the act himself. Unfortunately, the speech started before the train arrived, and didn’t end until after the incident. 

The train schedule had been double-checked, and the train was running at most eight minutes late. With the arrival time scheduled at 10:00 sharp, that meant the latest the train could’ve arrived was 10:08. Jiro’s speech also began at 10:00 sharp, and went on for 20 minutes. Jiro also reportedly showed up a few minutes before the speech, meaning that he was accounted for at the exact time of the murder. He couldn’t have committed the crime himself, and there were no signs that he colluded with anyone else to do the deed for him. 

Naoto furrowed her brow, trying to find something among the witness testimony that could poke a hole in such an air-tight alibi. Unfortunately, the more she dug, the more impossible it seemed that Jiro was actually responsible. 

Suddenly, the train hit a bump and jostled, and Naoto was pulled out of her focus on the case and right back into the less-than-stellar situation she was in. Her full bladder sent her a strong nagging signal and she pressed her thighs together subtly, trying not to squirm too much lest the chief notice her. 

Naoto checked the time. They still had 5 minutes before the train reached their destination. She tapped her foot impatiently. She already knew they had a lengthy investigation on their hands, but all she was doing was pouring over the same notes she had been studying for the past few days while her bladder steadily filled. 

Hurry up, all I’m doing is sitting here! 

Naoto stifled back a frustrated sigh and crossed her arms, trying to push her growing need to the back of her mind and focus back on the case. Unfortunately, the train seemed to have other plans. Perhaps the tracks were more rough here, but she felt the train jostle back and forth, and the motion transferred straight to her bladder. 

She bit her lip and risked shuffling her legs, trying to play it off like she was just readjusting her position. She then pressed her thighs together tightly and tried once again to pour through her notes, as useless as she felt that was right now. Of course, taking her mind off her growing need was becoming more and more difficult, and by the time they were rolling up to the station, Naoto was starting to worry about how much she needed to pee. 

I don’t know if I’m going to make it through the investigation like this. I might have to slip off to use the restrooms somewhere. Hopefully this station has single stalls… 

As soon as the train came to a stop, the chief stood up, pausing to wait for Naoto. With his eyes on her, Naoto was careful not to shuffle too much while standing up, though she was careful to do so slowly as she remembered what happened earlier at her desk. Despite her care, she still felt a wave of urgency from her bladder as she stood and followed the chief out of the train car. 

Naoto immediately took in the station and glanced around hopefully. She was less familiar with this station than she was with Inaba’s. With any luck, they would have a single stall restroom she could use without worry. Of course, in order to check, she’d have to find it first, and she couldn’t see any signage pointing her in the right direction. 

The chief, totally unaware of Naoto’s plight, made a beeline for the station’s exit, and Naoto paused. She didn’t want to ask the chief to stop for her. She felt embarrassed enough at the thought of using the restroom in front of the chief, and that was assuming it was a single-stall restroom and she could use it in the first place. Asking the chief to stop and put the investigation on hold just so she could pee felt childish. If Naoto could quickly spot the restrooms and excuse herself discreetly, that would be one thing, but she couldn’t see them anywhere. At this rate she’d have to openly ask the chief if they could stop, and then ask where the restrooms were. 

Naoto blushed. As full as her bladder was, she just couldn’t bring herself to do that in front of her boss, of all people. She cast one last glance around the station, hoping to catch sight of the restrooms at the last second, but alas, it was not to be. She rubbed her knees together as she followed the chief out of the station. 

“I have the boys down at the park, where Okamoto gave his speech,” the chief spoke suddenly, catching Naoto off-guard, “I figured that was better than combing over the train station again. There’s not much left of the crime scene, and anything that was there we would’ve found by now.” 

“Yes, that makes the most sense,” Naoto nodded, “If there’s anything left to find, it’s investigating Okamoto Jiro directly.” 

Naoto let the chief lead the way as she fell into step behind him. Surprisingly, it was a short walk between the station and the park. When she had read over Jiro’s interrogation, he made it sound like he was on the other side of town. Naoto made a mental note of that. 

As soon as they stepped into the park, Naoto recognized two officers checking out the stage that had been set up for Jiro’s speech. They approached her and the chief and began to give them a run-down of the investigation so far. 

“Nothing here, chief,” the first one shook his head. 

“Are you sure, Hayato?” 

“We’ve checked the stage, and questioned everyone there on the day,” Hayato replied, “There was nothing suspicious about Jiro’s speech. He was standing up there in clear view and speaking directly to the crowd.” 

“Chief, I know you think it’s Jiro. Trust me, I get bad vibes from the guy too,” the second officer replied, “But I’m starting to think he really wasn’t involved.” 

“Jun, I get where you’re coming from, but it’s too much of a coincidence for him not to be involved,” the chief shook his head, “There has to be something we’re missing. An accomplice, someone who could’ve pushed her onto the tracks while he was in plain view, giving him the perfect alibi.” 

“We’ve already run checks on his bank account, he didn’t make any suspicious withdrawals leading up to the incident,” Hayato replied, “You’d think if he hired someone, he would’ve needed to pay them off.” 

“Have we checked the secretary?” Naoto chimed in, “If he didn’t pay anyone, maybe he blackmailed her, or maybe he promised to marry her if she got his old wife out of the way.” 

“Whew, yikes,” Jun’s eyes widened, “that’s a dark theory, especially from a high-schooler. Plausible, though.” 

Naoto frowned at the off-handed remark about her age. She was taking this as seriously as the rest of them. It was the reason she was here in the first place, despite having to pee. 

“No dice, secretary was with him on the podium the whole time,” Hayato shook his head, “Besides, she doesn’t match the description of the masked man on the platform.” 

“True, true, I’m pretty sure people would’ve noticed if the perp was a woman,” Jun nodded. 

“Well, they could’ve disguised themselves,” Naoto pointed out, “Made themselves look more manly to throw the reports off.” 

“I suppose, but you’d still think someone would notice,” Hayato noted, “Besides, it’d be hard to hide a figure like that. I can see why Jiro kept her around-” 

“Hayato,” the chief frowned, “Please keep your comments professional.” 

“S-sorry, chief.” 

“By the way, Jun, were you able to track down the witnesses I asked?” 

“Yes, the gardener’s here, and I asked the men who set the stage up to meet us here after their shifts. They should be here any minute.” 

“Perfect,” the chief nodded, “I want to talk to the gardener. Shirogane, why don’t you take a look around. I can use that astute eye of yours. If we missed anything, I’m sure you’ll find it.” 

“Yes chief!” Shirogane nodded. 

“You two, continue to help investigate! And Jun, when those workers get here, let me know.” 

“Yes sir!” the two officers nodded in unison before returning to scouring the stage. 

Naoto turned her attention to the stage as well, or at least, she would have, had she not been struck by a strong wave of urgency from her bladder. She had gotten caught up in the conversation about the case, but now her need to pee came back with a vengeance. Naoto bit her lip and looked around. Surely the public park had restrooms around here somewhere. Then again, she wouldn’t be able to slip off and use them with both of the officers there helping her investigate. 

Naoto briefly considered excusing herself anyway, but she shook her head. Their comments from earlier about her age, and a woman disguising herself as a man, got under her skin, and she was more wary about showing any signs of immaturity or weakness in front of them. 

Unfortunately, that meant Naoto had to keep holding it, and her bladder was really getting full at this point. She could feel a bulge starting to swell out against her tight belt, and she couldn’t stand still without feeling an uncomfortable pressure mounting in her abdomen. Naoto shuffled from foot to foot, playing it off as thinking as she looked over the stage. She didn’t really know where to start. Apparently the other two officers had looked it over thoroughly, and it wasn’t like this was the crime scene anyway. Unless the chief expected her to uncover some ridiculous holographic projector under the stage that could explain how Jiro was in two places at once, she was at a loss of what to even look for. 

Still, Naoto had been told to investigate, and anything that took her mind off her ever-filling bladder was good enough for her. She scrutinized the stage, making her way around it several times. It seemed like a totally normal stage for these outdoor events, set up hastily and clearly only left up due to the investigation. 

Naoto bent down to look underneath the stage, not really expecting to find anything, when once again her bladder sent her a sharp wave of pressure. She froze and clamped her thighs together while crouched over, hoping the other officers couldn’t see her from this position as she squirmed. She regained her composure and fought back the wave, but she was definitely getting worried that they wouldn’t find anything. 

That was until she caught the glinting of metal underneath the stage. She slipped on a pair of gloves and reached for it, ignoring her bladder’s protests as she bent down further. Unfortunately, she couldn’t quite reach it in her crouching position. She’d have to get on her stomach if she wanted to grab whatever it was she had spotted. 

The idea of laying on her stomach and putting her entire weight on her full bladder really didn’t appeal to her, but Naoto knew she didn’t have much of a choice. She gently rolled onto her stomach and braced herself as she once again reached for the object. The result was immediate, and the spike in pressure made her panic. 

I have to pee! I’m going to leak! I’m going to leak I’m going to leak I’m going to leak! 

Even as Naoto silently panicked, she grabbed the object quickly and bolted upright, eager to get off her bladder. She glanced to make sure neither Hayato or Jun were nearby before jamming her free hand between her legs as she wriggled bounced, crouched by the stage. She bit her lip and squeezed her eyes shut as she felt her bladder spasm in protest of what she just did. She desperately waited for the pressure to subside, and didn’t move from her crouched position until she was sure she wasn’t about to wet herself right then and there. 

Once she was in the clear, she stood up and inspected the object. It looked to be a screwdriver, but it had a strangely shaped head on it that Naoto didn’t recognize. Clearly it was some kind of specialty tool. If it hadn’t nearly made her piss herself, Naoto would’ve been ecstatic at the find. 

Now, however, she made sure she was presentable and kept her squirming to a minimum, and called out “I found something!” 

“Oh, what’d you find?” the officers were over as soon as she had announced it. 

“That looks like some kind of specialty screwdriver,” Jun noted, “I wonder what it was doing hidden under the stage.” 

“Could you get me an evidence bag?” Naoto asked, “We should test it for prints.” 

Hayato opened an evidence bag and Naoto slipped the screwdriver in before jotting down where she had found it and all the other appropriate filing details. By the time she was done, the Chief seemed to be done questioning the gardener, and they all regrouped to share their findings. 

“Nice find, Shirogane!” the chief smiled after she had explained the screwdriver. He pat her on the back, and the rough pats sent vibrations through her bladder. Naoto was really getting desperate by this point. 

“All I could get from the gardener was that he saw Jiro jogging to the stage last minute,” the chief signed, “And annoyingly, it lines up with the other eye witness accounts, and also where Jiro said he had entered the park from.” 

“Damn,” Hayato sighed, scratching the back of his head, “The screwdriver’s an interesting find, but I don’t know if it really tells us anything.” 

“Maybe we should call it here, boss,” Jun sighed, “I can have the workers come into the station another day.” 

As much as Naoto didn’t want to put this off another night, she was pushing her bladder far enough already, and was definitely eager to call it a night and rush off to the nearest toilet. Not to mention the sky was looking quite angry. The wind picked up and thunder was booming in the distance, with the occasional flash of lightning. A storm was rolling in, and the last thing Naoto wanted was to get caught out in the rain while bursting to pee. 

“No need, it looks like they’re coming now,” the chief pointed to two construction workers heading over to their group. 

Naoto grit her teeth. She glanced around the park, wondering if she could slip off to the bathrooms while the chief and the others were questioning the workers. Unfortunately, the chief turned to her and called her over. 

“Naoto, show the workers the tool you found,” the chief asked. 

“Here,” Naoto held up the evidence bag with the screwdriver. 

“No, we didn’t use anything like that to construct the stage,” one worker shook his head. 

“It looks like a security screw driver. It’s used to work on equipment you don’t want the average folk getting their hands on. Electrical equipment, the park’s lights and signs, the clock. We wouldn’t have used it on the stage.” 

At the mention of the clock, Naoto glanced over and wondered how long it had been since her shift ended. How much longer she was having to hold it thanks to the investigation. She looked over at the big analog clock, set up on a pole next to the stage. It was 7:30, an hour and a half after her shift was supposed to end. 

She verified the time with her watch and bit her lip. Before, she had wanted to crack the case, but now she was just hoping they could just finish up questioning the workers and call it a night so she could finally pee. 

Naoto barely focused on the questions the chief was asking. Simple things like if they saw anything suspicious, or confirming that Jiro had showed up on-time. Stuff Naoto already knew the answers to. It wasn’t doing anything to take her focus off her full bladder, and she was finding it harder and harder to stand there without shifting her weight from foot to foot. 

Please, let’s hurry this up! 

Finally, after what felt like ages, the chief nodded to the two workers, “Thank you for your time, gentlemen. Sorry for holding you up so long.” 

The chief looked up at the clock and one of the workers shook his head. 

“Ah, no worries, it’s not that late. That clock runs a few minutes fast.” 

Suddenly, Naoto’s eyes narrowed, and her desperation was all but forgotten. 

“Sorry, what did you say?” 

“Ah, nothing,” the worker shrugged, “Just that that clock runs about five minutes fast. I noticed it when setting up the stage.” 

Naoto checked the time on the clock and her watch. They matched. 

“Hold on, so you’re saying on the day of the incident, this clock was running fast?” 

“Yes,” the worker confirmed, a bit confused by Naoto’s line of questioning. 

Naoto quickly dove into her bag and shifted through the files. She pulled out a picture and a report, and handed it to the chief. 

“Chief, I think that’s it,” Naoto announced, trying to meter her excitement, “The clock was running fast the morning of the incident, but when our department checked, the clock was right on time, as it is now.” 

The chief’s eyes widened, “But that would mean the clock was tampered with!” 

“Exactly!” Naoto nodded, “If that clock was running fast before, but is in time now, that means someone must’ve adjusted the time between the morning of the incident and when police arrived.” 

“Okay, but, what difference does that make?” Jun asked, “If the clock was running fast, and now is running on time, then either way, the numerous photos of Okamoto still give him a solid alibi.” 

“Not if the clock was tampered with twice,” Naoto pointed out, “If, on the day of the incident, the clock was adjusted to be behind during the speech, then it would’ve appeared to everyone there that Okamoto’s speech happened at the same time as the incident. Then after the speech, all Okamoto or an accomplice on-stage had to do was set the clock back before the police looked into it. We would’ve verified the time on the clock was accurate and that gave Jiro a solid alibi.” 

“Of course,” the chief nodded, “that’s why they had to hide that security screwdriver. They used it to tamper with the clock to give Okamoto a false alibi, so having it on them would’ve been incriminating.” 

Jun frowned, “But there were plenty of other people there. You’re telling me no one noticed the clock was running slow during the speech?” 

“Well, think about it, the speech would’ve looked like it started just on time, and there’s a big clock right there. How often do you second-guess the time and check a second clock, especially if everything seems to be right on time?” Naoto pointed out. 

“Damn, it was that simple, huh?” the chief shook his head, “Well, we shouldn’t celebrate too fast. We should get evidence the clock was tampered with, and take that security driver down to the station for prints. Jun, call forensics down here to investigate that clock. They can take it from here.” 

“Right!” 

As Jun ran off to call in forensics, and Hayato looked up at the clock, shaking his head, the chief came over to Naoto and once again patted her on the back. 

“Good job! That was a clean solve, I can’t believe you picked up on the clock like that. The others might think you’re too young, but they just can’t see that potential. Or they’re jealous. This one’s yours, Shirogane.” 

“T-thanks, chief,” Naoto allowed herself a small smile. In spite of herself, she felt her chest swell with pride. 

Of course, this was immediately followed by the striking feeling of her bladder sending a desperate spasm, and she was forced to clamp her thighs together tightly as the pressure built. She was definitely desperate, and needed to find a bathroom sooner rather than later. Thunder boomed overhead and nearly caused Naoto to leak. She was really pushing herself to her limits. 

“Chief, forensics are on their way. Should we wait for them?” 

“Nah, they’re big boys, they can take care of themselves,” the chief answered before stretching and rubbing his shoulders, “I’m tired. Let’s call it a night here.” 

“Sounds good,” Hayato nodded, “Let’s head on back to Inaba.” 

“Hey, first though, I need to piss like crazy,” Jun announced, “You guys mind waiting up? I’m gonna use the restrooms.” 

Jun pointed over to the restrooms, and Naoto’s bladder spasmed sympathetically. She eagerly wanted to join him. Thankfully, they looked like single stall bathrooms. 

This is the perfect opportunity to go. A successful case, and I finally get to pee. 

Unfortunately, it seemed like Naoto celebrated too early. 

“Sorry man, we’re here after hours, so those restrooms are locked up tight,” Hayato replied, “I found out earlier when we got here.” 

“Damn,” Jun sighed, “Well, I guess I’ll go at the station.” 

Naoto’s heart sank. She was so close to getting much-needed relief, but now she’d have to wait until the station, and that was if they had single stalls. If not, Naoto would have to hold it on the train ride back to Inaba. With how desperate she already was, she didn’t think she could manage that. 

I might just have to go at the station. I can’t hold it. 

Naoto braced herself for the walk back to the train station. Thankfully, it was short. Each step Naoto took sent waves of pressure through her swollen bladder. It would’ve been torture if it had been more than a few minutes away from the park. Unfortunately, while the walk was short, she had to keep pace with the other officers without giving away how full her bladder was. It was an arduous task, and she wanted nothing more than to be alone and in private so she could grab herself and hobble to the nearest restroom. 

By the time she got to the station, Naoto was definitely desperate, and she was eager to find out if the station’s restrooms would suit her. Jun made a beeline for the restrooms and as Naoto followed his path, her heart sunk yet again. It was definitely an open, multi-stall restroom, split between men’s and women’s. 

Naoto squeezed her thighs together and bit her lip. She had pushed her bladder way farther than normal, and the prospect of a train ride back to Inaba was quite imposing with how desperate she already was. Still, the idea of rushing into the bathroom, past her coworker who was more than likely using a urinal, and taking one of the stalls was more than mortifying. Not to mention Naoto had to pee so bad that she was sure it would be loud. The idea of Jun listening to her peeing just on the other side of a thin stall wasn’t just embarrassing, she also wondered if it would give her away. Surely a guy who had to pee that bad wouldn’t bother taking a stall and sitting down to pee. 

Naoto shook her head. She couldn’t. 

Of course, just as she decided that, she was hit by a strong wave and nearly felt herself leak. She clamped her thighs together and tried to be discreet as she rubbed them back and forth. Naoto turned back towards the restrooms. Maybe she could just wait for Jun to finish? 

No, I can’t. I have to hold it! 

Naoto tried not to wriggle and squirm on the train platform as they waited for the train to arrive and for Jun to finish in the restroom. The chief and Hayato were talking and praising her for finally cracking the case, but it was all background noise to Naoto as she tried to push down her desperate urges. 

The thing that finally caught her attention was a loud crack of thunder from outside. The loud sound startled Naoto and she barely stifled a girlish eep as she felt herself let out a few dribbles into her panties. Before Naoto could regain control, she heard the rain begin to pour outside. 

Rain is the last thing I need right now! 

Naoto nearly buckled and leaked again, but she managed to barely hold on. Unfortunately, it seemed like the universe was conspiring against her. Suddenly, an announcement was made over the intercom. 

“The blue line train back to Inaba, scheduled for arrival at 8:00 pm, has been delayed by twenty minutes.” 

Naoto’s eyes widened. She couldn’t believe it. Not only would she have to hold it for at least another 20 minutes, but she’d then have to hold it for the train ride back, as well as make it to a proper restroom. What seemed like a daunting task before was now all but impossible, and Naoto knew it. 

“Ah damn,” Jun sighed, emerging from the restroom, “Guess we’re stuck here.” 

“Well, while we’re stranded here, don’t we take the opportunity to celebrate finally cracking the case?” the chief suggested, smiling, “I hear there’s a great grill nearby. We can eat, and then catch the next train home instead. What do you say, Shirogane?” 

Naoto squirmed under the chief’s friendly yet stern gaze. Naoto really only had one thing on her mind right now, but turning down an invitation outright would be rude. 

“Ah, s-sorry, I actually can’t tonight. I was supposed to get home to study for a test.” 

“Oh dear, I’m sorry,” the chief frowned, “If I had known you had an important test coming up, I wouldn’t have kept you so late.” 

Naoto felt guilty for lying to the chief, but the alternative was walking in the rain to a restaurant that likely didn’t have single-stall restrooms. Naoto wasn’t sure how she was going to make it back to Inaba as it was, but she was sure she’d wet herself if she accepted the invitation. 

Actually, with Naoto’s bladder spasming and sending her wave after wave of pressure as it was, Naoto was getting pretty worried she might wet herself right here at the station. She couldn’t dance in place and she desperately wanted to hold herself, but she refused to do anything that made her needs too obvious. She needed to get away from the chief and the two officers. 

“It’s alright, chief,” Naoto shook her head, “If you guys want to go celebrate, be my guest. I can join you another night.” 

“Nonsense,” Hayato shook his head, “you’re the one who got the solve. If anyone should be there, it’s you. We can go another time, when you’re free.” 

“Yeah, maybe we can celebrate when we actually get the guy behind bars,” Jun suggested, “No sense celebrating too early.” 

Naoto frowned. She had hoped that maybe she could encourage the chief and the others to go off without her, so she could rush over to the toilets and finally get much needed relief. Actually, she desperately needed them to do that. It was one of her last plans. 

Naoto continued to try to contain her squirming as her bladder screamed at her, but between the sounds of rushing rain outside and just how far she had pushed her bladder, she was quickly running out of time. Naoto’s mind raced as she thought of a way to finally pee, or at least excuse herself. 

Suddenly, she felt an involuntary leak escape into her panties once again, and Naoto stifle a gasp. She tried to discreetly squeeze her thighs together to regain control, but it didn’t work. She was able to mostly plug herself up, but she felt herself let out another dribble, and another. She needed to grab herself, but she could not do that in front of the chief or the others. 

“W-while we’re waiting, I’m going to grab something from the vending machines outside. I’m quite parched. Does anyone else want anything?” Naoto asked. 

“No thank you,” the chief replied. 

“Nope,” Hayato shook his head. 

“I’m good, thanks,” Jun waved off. 

Naoto was grateful they said no. She couldn’t imagine actually taking their orders when she was on the verge of leaking. With as much composure as she could muster, Naoto made her way out of the station, feeling herself dribble a little with each step. 

As soon as she was outside, the awful sound and feeling of pouring rain hit her all at once, and Naoto nearly lost control right then and there. However, now that she was out ot earshot of the others, she was able to jam both of her hands between her legs. She doubled over and danced in place desperately. 

Naoto glanced around, hoping and begging to see a convenience store or a shop nearby where she could run in and use the restrooms, but alas, in such a small town, there was nothing to be seen. 

In despair, Naoto hobbled over to the vending machines, not even sure where she could go at this point. She was nearly doubled over with both hands desperately grasping at her crotch. Her swollen bladder was bulging uncomfortably against the waistband of her pants. With each breath she felt the pressure in her bladder spike, and she knew she was at her limit. 

Naoto briefly considered desperately trying to pull down her pants and panties and tuck herself behind the vending machine, but even if doing so wouldn’t both give her away as a girl and be a brazen example of public indecency, she didn’t have the time to take her pants off anyway. In the next moment, she exploded, feeling hot pee burst out of her and stream down her legs. 

The torrent was barely held back, even by her thick uniform pants, as she fully lost control. She could feel the warm liquid soaking into her pants and shoes before pooling at her feet and mixing with the rain. Naoto removed her hands from her crotch, no longer needing them to hold back the flood as she fully lost control. 

Naoto braced herself against one of the vending machines and bit back a moan of relief as her swollen bladder finally emptied itself. She felt the pressure slowly subside as she continued to pee. Naoto was so engrossed in her relief that she didn’t think to try to stop her stream mid-accident, but she also wasn’t sure if she could. 

After what felt like minutes, Naoto felt her stream slowly subside, and eventually it tapered off, her aching bladder now only dully throbbing in her abdomen as it finally emptied itself out fully. Naoto let out a breathy sigh as she basked in relief, forgetting herself or where she was for a few moments. It was only until she felt her pants cool and soak through with the pouring rain that she snapped out of it. 

Only to see the chief watching her. 

Naoto blushed furiously and hid her face with her hat, totally flustered. 

“C-chief!” 

Naoto’s brain spun. She didn’t even know what to say. How long had he been standing there? Had he seen her whole accident? Had he figured out she was a girl? 

“C-chief! I’m… sorry,” was all Naoto could bring herself to say. 

“Why be sorry?” the chief asked, “If anything, I’m sorry. I let you go out here without an umbrella. And now you’re totally soaked.” 

Naoto looked up at the chief in shock. She was sure he had caught at least some of her accident. There was no way he thought it was just water. And yet, he seemed to be playing dumb. Whether it was for her sake or because it was less uncomfortable for him to ask questions, she wasn’t sure, but she was grateful for it. 

“Anyway, I came out here to get you something from the vending machine, on me,” the chief replied, “Since you did such a good job today.” 

“R-right, thank you.” 

The chief bought Naoto a drink from the vending machine and handed it to her wordlessly. Then, he turned back around. 

“Let’s head back inside. If the other boys give you trouble for not thinking and getting totally drenched outside, I’ll give them a stern talking to.” 

“T-thank you,” Naoto nodded. She looked down. Her clothes were totally drenched. It would be hard to tell that she had just wet herself. The only one who knew other than her was the chief, and in his own way he was being kind about it. 

With that, Naoto followed the chief back and rejoined the others. Naturally, they didn’t notice that Naoto wet herself in addition to getting drenched in the rain, and the conversation merely stuck to Naoto’s impressive handling of the case that had stumped them all. 

The next time Naoto came into the precinct, it was business as usual. No uncomfortable conversations with the chief, no discussions about what happened, or questions Naoto really didn’t want to answer. It really did feel like she had come away from the incident keeping her dignity as an investigator, and for that, she was truly grateful. 

The End 
