A desperate Tinder date

Author: Squirminghold

*000*2024-12-31 14:55

Hi! This is part 1 of my very first Omo fiction. It is inspired by a dream I had a few days ago, and I liked the idea so much I decided to turn it into a story. It is a long story so I decided to post it in parts, I hope you like it!! English is not my first language so please excuse any mistakes, also the story is about a guy who's +-60 years old and a young woman in her twenties so if you don't like that idea maybe this isn't the story for you, or you could read it and try to imagine him to be younger🤷also there's some swearing

Please tell me what you think about the story, if I should continue writing part 2 and I hope you enjoy😊

###

Lisa was a young, shy, dark blonde woman that normally didn't use dating apps. But it had been a while since she had had a date. One evening she had drank a couple glasses of wine and felt curious about what those apps could bring her. Now she found herself knocking on a stranger's door in an unfamiliar apartment building for her very first dating app meet up. He was a lot older than her, and not really her type, but he listed in his bio that he was into Omo and as she was feeling adventurous due to the wine and also curious about his interest she started the chat. He was charming and assured her he would never do something she wasn't comfortable with. After a few days of chatting they agreed to meet.

He opened the door and greeted her with a big smile and guided her inside. 'Hi Lisa! Come on in.' He said. He took her coat as she looked around in his appartement. It was quite large, but had kind of a weird layout. It was also a bit chaotic, with unemptied moving boxes against the wall that looked like they had been hurriedly shoved aside before she came over. There were a few important pieces of furniture, such as a couch, a tv dresser and a tv, but no rugs or curtains or anything.

'Sorry about the mess,' he said as if he could read her mind, 'I just moved here about a week or two ago and I haven't quite settled in yet. I did finish setting up the bedroom though' He said with a wink. Lisa awkwardly smiled as she walked towards the black leather couch and sat down, with her hands in her lap. 'I understand' she said quieter than usual. Jack, the (about 60 years old) grey haired man, didn't seem to notice her sudden shyness and kept rambling about the troubles of finding good, affordable housing in this economy and that he was lucky to find this scrappy apartment.

'It has a functional kitchen, two bedrooms and one bathroom with an old toilet, not that you'll get the chance to use it today as it isn't functional yet' he said seemingly pleased with this fact. Lisa felt a small tingle in her bladder as he said that. She had drank two bottles of water before coming over, as she knew he was into Omo and was afraid that because of her nerves she didn't have to go all evening, and then disappointing her date. Lisa hated not living up to expectations, so she had thought 'better safe than sorry'. She didn't know however that the toilet was out of order. She thought she just wasn't allowed to use it...

Now that she was really here it suddenly all felt a bit too real and she started feeling nervous. Jack finally noticed her uncomfortableness and handed her a glass of water. 'Don't worry dear, we're just going to have a nice evening and if you get cold feet no pressure, you'll be on your way. Before we start we should pick a safe word for you to use, what about....' he hesitantly looked around for a moment, as he seemed to be thinking of a suitable word for the occasion. 'What about "Fernando"? He was my childhood dog, when you forget the word just look at that picture I have framed of him.' He grinned and pointed at a faded picture on the wall of a white spaniël looking dog. Lisa nodded. That was a good idea, and the idea of having a safe word calmed her nerves. She sipped her drink as they chatted about their lives and interests.

Jack had moved here because his job had transferred him to a different location, but he didn't mind because now he lived closer to his mother. As the hours ticked by Lisa started to relax, she was actually having a good time! They were watching tv together and discussing what they saw on tv. Jack could make very funny remarks that caused Lisa to laugh, but when Jack made a very good joke she suddenly gasped. She had forgotten about her need to pee, that had been growing as time went by. She didn't for one moment remember that she wasn't allowed to go to the toilet, and her need made itself very known in this very moment. Her hands involuntarily flew to her crotch as her smile faded.

She had let a droplet of pee out when she was laughing, and was hit by a wave of desperation. If she was home, she would've ran for the toilet, but that wasn't an option now. Jack noticed her situation, but decided to be subtle about it until she brought it up herself. 'Are you okay?' he asked kindly. Lisa panicked. What do I say?? Luckily her wave of desperation went away, and she awkwardly wiped her hair out of her face as she assured him she was fine.

Jack had started drinking beer, and Lisa switched to wine. After two glasses she started feeling tipsy, and she definitely needed to pee by now. It was a feeling that was very apparent but if she distracted herself she was okay. They were still having a pleasant time together so Lisa stayed for dinner. The kitchen was a bit hidden from the living room, you had to go around a corner and then behind a small red and white checkered curtain. There were a few corners that made it a bit of a strange room with lots of nooks and crannies. Jack made a delicious pasta that paired very well with the red wine she was drinking.

Afterwards they washed the dishes together, but hearing the sound of the splashing water Lisa couldn't ignore her need anymore.

'Jack, I'm sorry but I have drank so much by now and I really need to go..' Lisa hated admitting that she needed to use the restroom, but she didn't have a choice. Her bladder was bulging as she felt like exploding and felt her desperation spike when Jack calmly reminded her of their agreement; Lisa had agreed via chat to not use the toilet all evening. As they washed the dishes together Lisa couldn't stay still. She was actively potty dancing as she joked with jack about her predicament. She acted as if she didn't mind the situation, but inside she felt like a little girl. She didn't want to wet herself! She was going to hold it as long as possible, and after that... Well she couldn't think of a solution but maybe if she held it long enough she would think of something.

'Fuck I have never had to pee this bad before' Lisa admitted. She danced and danced as she dried the plates, cutlery and pots. When they were finally done they went back to the living room with their wines to watch a movie. Lisa lasted about twenty minutes into the movie, during which she just couldn't stay still, but she felt like she had no other option. She glanced at the picture jack pointed out before, what was that fucking dogs name again??? She dug her hands deeper in her crotch as Jack massaged her leg. He was so turned on by her squirming, but he was a casual guy so he didn't mention it.

He kept subtly glancing at her and massaging her leg while enjoying his rock hard boner. Luckily he had placed a pillow on his lap, so Lisa couldn't see how excited he was by the sight of her. Not that Lisa paid attention to that right now, she had her literal hands full on herself. 'Jack, I need to pee so bad. I can't hold it any longer, I'm going to explode!!! Please tell me where you pee, I know your toilet is broken but you have urges too you must have a solution! I hate to do this but I have ro use our safe word but I can't remember what it is!' Lisa cried out. She was squirming so desperately as if her life depended on it. She felt embarrassed of her current state but had no other option.

She felt like such a baby for not being able to manage something as simple as holding her pee, but she simply wasn't going to win this battle against her bladder. 'Tell me Jack, what was it? Freddie?? Come on I don't remember' Lisa was begging him to tell her the answer, as Jack laughed at the fact she forgot the name of his old dog. He opened his mouth to tell her the safe word, but then the doorbell rang. Jack looked annoyed, but walked towards the door to look through the peephole who was ringing at this time, leaving Lisa squirming on the couch.

She also stood up, potty dancing and desperately looking at Jack. He turned around and looked very alarmed. 'Lisa, I'm sorry, you need to hide. My mom's here for a surprise visitation and she can't see you. I'm sorry, I'm not embarrassed of you or anything, but she doesn't like it when I talk about girls that are much younger than me. So please, hide, and I will try to get her out of here as soon as possible.' Lisa got a rush of adrenaline as she fled into the kitchen, and hid behind one of the many corners. Once she had found a, hopefully, safe place to hide, her urge came back as fast as it had left her during the adrenaline rush. 'Fuck, please please no...' she whispered, hands jammed into her crotch.

Part two? 😊

*009*2025-01-02 22:19

PART 2

A leak came out, and left a small streak on her light blue skinny jeans. She unbuttoned it and put her hand in her underwear. If Jacks mother found her this would be a disasterous pose, but she did everything in her power to stay as dry as possible and as hidden as possible. 'Hi mom, what are you doing here?' Jack tried to sound pleasantly surprised, but he could barely disguise his annoyance by the surprise visit of his mother.

Jack's mother was a petite, stubborn, elderly woman, but family was everything to her. Since her late husband passed away she spent her days knitting and cooking, and now that Jack had moved closer to her she was delighted and took every excuse to come over. 'I made you your favorite soup!' she said, as she didn't wait for an invitation to come inside. She wanted to walk straight into the kitchen to place the soup into the refrigerator, but Jack quickly took the tupperware from her. 'Don't worry about that mother, I'll take that, thank you. I was just about to leave, so this isn't really a good time....' he tried. 'Nonsense,' she said firmly, 'where to are you even going at ten pm??

Don't you have work tomorrow, or did you lose your job again? Don't think I'll help you with the bills again, I told you this fancy apartment wasn't a good idea...' Jack tried to stop his mother's word vomiting, but she was rambling and wasn't going to let her son cut her off that easily. After five minutes of her cussing him out, she finally had to take a moment to catch her breath. Jack quickly took this opportunity to stop his mother and reassured her that it wasn't true and that while he appreciated her visit, now simply wasn't a good time and he was going to head to bed. His mother huffed and puffed but eventually let her son lead her to the door, for him to close it behind her.

Lisa, are you okay?' he said, as he quickly ran into the kitchen. He found Lisa there, trembling, tears in her eyes and holding herself with all her might. 'Jack, that took forever!! Please help me....' she begged, as another small leak came out.

'I wasn't lying when I said that the toilet isn't functional yet Lisa, I'm sorry.'

'Okay okay but what about you??' Lisa wanted to protest more, but with every word she spit out, she felt that it became harder to hold on. She started hopping from foot to foot, as she started thinking about letting a little bit out. 'No way,' she thought, 'I will never be able to stop the torrent of pee that will come out of me, hell no!' It was absolutely clear that if they didn't find a solution now, Lisa's battle would be lost.

'I use the toilet at work, Lisa,' Jack said. 'And at home I have... a different solution. I don't think you'll like it, but I don't think you have very many options right now.' He walked to a dresser, and pulled out a pack of adult diapers. Lisa opened her mouth to protest, but shut it just as quickly as she knew he was right. This was her best, and quite frankly her only option if she didn't want to wet herself right here, right now.

'I really don't want to, but please, help me put it on before I lose it...' Lisa gave in.

Jack took a diaper from the pack and unfolded it. He instructed Lisa to take of her pants, but when Lisa saw the unfolded diaper it was as if her bladder gave her brain a green light to release everything that had been building up inside her. 'N- No!!!' Lisa cried. Her hands grabbed her pussy even tighter, as a loud hiss gave away her predicament. A dark spot quickly became visible on her light jeans, and made it's way down her legs to the floor. 'No no no no fuck'!!!!' Lisa whimpered. She looked down at her pants and was frozen in place. Her horror made place for immense relief, like she never felt before. Euphoric relief, there's no other way to describe it.

Lisa closed her eyes as she stood still and was fully caught in the heat of the moment. Jack couldn't look away, he was so much into Omo but this was something out of his wildest dreams. Having accepted that Lisa wanted to use the safe word he hadn't expected her to lose her battle, but of course the surprise visitation of his mother bought him some unexpected time. He couldn't stop looking at Lisa, a puddle forming under her. Seeing her face so relaxed and hearing her small moans he started softly moaning, but for a different reason.

He walked towards Lisa and started kissing her. Lisa opened her eyes and kissed him back, while she was still going. Her stream finally died down, after what felt like an eternity. Once her feeling of relief faded and reality slowly came back Lisa started blushing. She didn't know what to say, but felt embarrassed. That wasn't the only emotion she felt though, she was also aroused. She shyly looked Jack in the eyes, who had a certain look in his eyes. He knew what he wanted and he took her hand as he led her to the bedroom. There followed a night Lisa wouldn't quickly forget, with the hottest sex she ever had. One thing was for sure, this wasn't her last time meeting with Jack.

*011*2025-01-02 23:37

{{9 minutes ago, sammilove said:

I think part 2 was even better than part 1, and that was it really great! Will there be a part 3?

}}

Thanks! I was kinda nervous that part 2 didn't live up to part 1, so glad to hear. There won't be a part three, but I did intentionally leave space for different stories in this storyline with these characters. I did find writing the story a bit frustrating as I felt like I suddenly didn't know any words anymore and that was very stressful hahah but it seems it was worth it

