Bad Girl

Author: sussytransgirl

*000*2023-08-03 12:08

Everyone in this story is 18 (last school year)

POV: Alice

I sat down in maths class and took out my books.

The teacher started to talk and write stuff on the board, and I copied it into my note book. Exams were coming up, so I had to pay attention.

I was good at most subjects. I was considered somewhat of a nerd, but I didn't really care.

I heard the door open and I turned around. It was Ashley Jones. She was always late.

"Ms Jones, you're late"

She didn't respond. All of the seats were full except the one next to me.

I looked at her as she sat down. She was tall, and had black shoulder length hair. She was wearing a black T-shirt and light blue jeans, with a grey jacket tied around her waist.

Ashley was a trans girl, who was always getting into trouble. She never did her work, and always came late to class. She didn't talk to anyone except her select group of friends. I never talked to her. Not until today.

After about 10 minutes, the teacher finished talking, and walked over to my desk.

"Where are your notes Ashley?" She asked.

"I just got here." Ashley replied, not looking up.

The teacher sighed. "I expect to see them done by the end of class."

Ashley said nothing, and the teacher walked to another desk.

"Why don't you just do your work?" I asked her.

She turned and looked at me, with cold eyes. She stared into my eyes. My heart was starting to beat faster and faster.

At last she simply said "I dunno. Too hard." and went back to scribbling in her note book.

"It's easy, I said", explaining the formula.

She yawned and out her head down on the desk. "yeah, sure buddy"

"You know you're gonna fail if you don't study, right?"

She chuckled and turned her head to look at me "Eh, it's not like I'm gonna need this later or anything"

Anyway, one thing led to another, and we kept talking for the whole class, debating the usefulness of math class.

At the end, the teacher came back over to us.

"I don't suppose you did anything today Ms Jones?"

"You bet it Miss." She said with a smirk.

"Alice, I see you haven't done anything either. I'm surprised."

I looked down at my half finished notes.

"Miss, I'm so sorry, I got distracted and-"

"Sigh, this is important you know. I'll have to give both of you detention. I expected better from you Alice"

My heart dropped. I'd never had detention in my life.

"Guess I'll see you later." Ashley said, unfazed.

I walked out of class, my head hung low.

After my next class I headed to the detention room.

I'd only ever walked past it, never been inside before.

I sat down at an empty desk away from everyone else.

There was another teacher sitting at his desk, sipping his coffee and scrolling on his phone.

About 5 minutes later Ashley showed up.

I figured she'd be all calm, considering she'd been here about a million times, but her face showed concern.

She sat down next to me, not saying anything.

"Hey." I said.

"Hey." She replied, not looking up.

I looked out the window for a while, until the teacher got up.

"I gotta take care of something. I'll be back soon"

He left the room, and locked it. It seemed a little unnessecary, but I guess he didn't want us to run away."

I took out my notes and started to look over them.

"God, you're a nerd." Ashley said, looking over my shoulder.

"Hey!" I said, defensively.

"Sorry." She said. "I ain't trying to be mean, it's just, don't you ever do anything but study?"

I tried to detest, but she had a point. "Y- yeah, I do..."

"Okay." She said, and looked back down.

After ten minutes, the teacher still hadn't come back.

I was back to staring out the window, when I heard a small grunt.

I turned to Ashley. She seemed to be bothered by something, she was glancing around the room, bouncing impatiently.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine" she replied.

Another ten minutes. I looked at Ashley, who was now wriggling around, legs crossed, every now and then making a quiet moaning noise.

I had a good idea what her problem was.

"Do you need to pee?" I asked.

She looked at me, her face turning red.

"W- what? No! I'm fine" she said frustratedly.

I flinched. She stopped moving, still occaisionally shifting around when she thought I wasn't looking.

Something was definitely up, but I decided it was best not to ask questions.

5 more minutes.

"Ugh, where is that guy!?" She said angrily.

She was back to squirming around, and now had one hand buried in her crotch.

"Are you sure you don't need to pee?" I asked hesitantly, wondering if she was gonna punch me.

Her face went even more red before.

"N- no! I told you, I don't!" She said, flustered.

I kept looking at her.

"Argh... okay fine, maybe I have to pee." She said, staring at the floor.

It was an interesting change, seeing the toughest girl I knew, squirming around like a toddler.

She was now holding herself with both hands, legs constantly bouncing up and down.

Looking at her, I felt this weird tingly sensation.

Was I... getting turned on by this?

She caught me staring. "What are you looking at?"

I quickly averted my gaze. "N-nothing..."

"Ugh... fuck!" She exclaimed.

"I swear, if he's not back in 5 minutes I'm gonna piss myself!"

My face felt hot. I watched as she desperately tried to hold it, squeezing her legs together, softly moaning and rocking back and forth.

After another few minutes, I heard her say "shit!"

I looked to see a dark wet spot forming in the crotch of her jeans.

"Nononono- fuck! Why!?" she whined as more piss leaked out.

After a while she finished.

Ashley's face was fully red, with tears in her eyes.

"I- nngghhh..."

She put her head in her hands and started to cry.

I had know idea what to do. I never thought I'd see the day that Ashley Jones pissed herself and cried.

"Are you okay?" I asked her.

"What do you think!?" She snapped. "Argh! This is so embarrassing..."

I wasn't sure if I should try to comfort her, but I decided to take the risk.

I patted her back. "It'll be okay. I won't tell anyone, I promise."

She wiped her face, and looked at me.

"T- thanks Alice." She looked down and sniffled.

I pulled her in to a hug.

"I- hey!"

She didn't resist.

"You know I'm getting piss on you, right?"

I didn't care, in fact something about this was kind of hot.

I let her go, and she looked into my eyes, just as she did before, except she wasn't so scary this time.

What happened next, I did not expect.

She slowly moved her face closer to mine, and I did the same, and before I knew it we were kissing.

My mind and heart were racing. This day did not go at all how I had planned, and yet, I wouldn't want it any other way.

I heard the door open and I jumped back, nearly falling out of my seat.

The teacher walked in. He looked at us for a moment and then just shrugged.

"You two are free to go." He said, sitting back down.

We sat there for a moment.

Ashley got up, trying to use her jacket to hide the massive wet spot.

"Uh... thanks. For being so nice I mean." She said, looking off to the side.

I got up, packing my stuff away. I looked at her.

"Do you uh... wanna hang out next break?"

She made a small smile. "Sounds good."

She left the room, and I walked to my next class, my heart still beating fast.

That was probably the best experience of my life.

