New Feelings

Author: SelenaFox

*009*2022-08-01 15:02

A/n: Back again with another bit~ Went a little in a different direction this time

~~~

Chapter Four: A Bit of a Letdown

Jill sighed as she rested her head on her head. She wasn’t sure if she was having fun, or if she was dreadfully bored. It was a Friday night and Mike had all but cornered her in her classroom again, asking if she wanted to join him for a drink. She didn’t really want to, but since she couldn’t find an excuse not to, she decided it might be a good idea for her to just go and maybe have some fun. The bar was good enough, she supposed. There was a nice group of people there and the music wasn’t too loud. She couldn’t imagine that she would’ve found an ounce of enjoyment if the bar was as loud as a concert with overly rowdy people.

“So,” Mike started slowly, “what do you think of the place? Not bad, huh? I come here fairly often?”

“Yeah, it’s pretty decent,” Jill answered with a shrug. “I just don’t come to places like this often.”

“Ah, I see,” Mike laughed. “Maybe I just need to educate you,” he added, laughing at what Jill imagined he thought was a clever quip. She didn’t find it that funny at all.

“Do you often bring friends here?” Jill asked, curious to know what Mike had to say. She didn’t think that the bar they were in was particularly a “friend” location. They were surrounded by couples and it was making Jill question what Mike’s plans were. She watched as Mike looked around and he gave a slight shrug.

“Eh, not really,” Mike said. “I mean, I’ve brought a few of my mates, but not a lot of girls,” he added, trying to subtly lean in towards Jill. “Hey, want to get another drink? Maybe something a little stronger? It’s the weekend after all, you should enjoy it.”

“I’ll do another Coke Zero, but definitely no alcohol for me. I still need to drive home, remember?”

“Oh, yeah, of course. I’ll be right back. Don’t run, okay?” Mike gave Jill a beaming smile before running off in the direction of the bar.

“Yeah, of course not,” Jill muttered under her breath, giving Mike a small smile when he turned back to look at her. “Wish I could though,” she added to herself. She wasn’t on her first drink, but she was hoping the next one would be her last. Her bladder was beginning to take notice of how much she was drinking and had alerted her to that fact, but Mike had given her zero chance to leave and relieve herself. Jill wasn’t given much time to lament as Mike returned with another massive Coke and a beer for himself.

“I see you didn’t run for it,” Mike laughed. “That’s a positive.”

“Yeah, no, I’m all right,” Jill replied, accepting her Coke from Mike and taking a sip just to distract herself for a moment.

“So, I have a question for you,” Mike said. “How did a hottie like you wind up getting into teaching?”

Jill peered at Mike over the top of her glass completely flabbergasted. He had the subtlety of a brick. If she hadn’t been questioning his thoughts before, she was certainly questioning them now.

“Uhm, excuse me?” Jill asked, confused. “What do you mean by that?”

Mike frowned at Jill’s response, running a hand through his hair as he seemed to debate on whether or not he had offended Jill or if she just misheard. He seemed to settle on the latter and tried to play it off, scooching in closer to her as he repeated the question.

“How did you get into teaching?”

That’s better, Jill thought to herself.

“Well, that’s a good question,” Jill answered thoughtfully. “I used to absolutely hate kids, actually. When I was a teen, I couldn’t stand them and absolutely hated when anyone asked me to babysit. I genuinely couldn’t stand having to spend time or be near them at all. Drove me absolutely insane. I actually wanted to become a nurse, but when my mom reminded me that I’m deathly afraid of needles, I started to explore a little more. I was totally clueless on what to do.

It wasn’t until I was talking to my guidance counselor one day and he was like, ‘Jill, has anyone ever told you about the wonders of teaching? What it’s like to become a huge part of raising small humans to become better people and give yourself a little bit to everyone that passes through your classroom?’ And I have to tell you, I completely bought it.”

Jill could tell that she was starting to get far more animated the more she spoke, but she didn’t care. Her story that led her into teaching was one of her favorite ones to tell.

“Like, he told me about the brilliant days where you manage to help someone and make a difference. And he told me about the less than great days where they refuse to listen or when something bad happens. Even though the idea of bad days scared me, I realized that I didn’t want to do anything else. The idea of shaping an entire generation seemed incredible to me, and so I kept up with my studies, did my internships and loved every bit of it, and I still love it to this day.”

“Oh, wow,” Mike said with a whistle. “That’s pretty deep. That’s also way different than my story.”

Jill listened to Mike tell his story, which was definitely far different than hers. Mike had apparently always wanted to be a teacher, inspired by an old history teacher that had captured his attention. She was trying hard to focus on Mike’s story, wanting to at least be somewhat attentive, but found her mind beginning to wander. Jill carefully crossed her legs. Her need to pee was steadily increasing, and she felt herself feeling mischievous. She wondered how Mike would react if she peed herself right then and there. Could she even do it in a crowded area? She bet after that she could certainly go home with no questions asked.

Realizing her thoughts were drifting off to a place she didn’t want them to go to, she squashed the thoughts. It took her a moment to refocus and realize that Mike’s story had changed. He was talking about how nearly everyone in his family just so happened to be teachers, and he decided that maybe that was also a reason why it wouldn’t be a bad job to have.

“No, it’s certainly not that worst job, huh?” Jill asked with a laugh. She finished her Coke with a sigh, trying to figure out what to do when a silence fell between them. She supposed the best option was to be a little honest. “Hey, Mike? Do you mind if I head to the bathroom for a minute? I really need to pee.”

“Yeah, sure, fine by me,” Mike said quickly, waving Jill off. “I’ll be right here waiting.”

As Jill stood up, she realized just how badly she needed to pee. The thoughts of just letting go right there shot through her head. She could practically imagine the feelings of her pee running down her legs and spreading beneath her.

What the hell, Jill mentally interrupted herself. What’s wrong with you? Just go to the bathroom. Not wanting to give herself a moment to rethink the idea, Jill carefully made her way through the crowded bar and towards the bathroom. It was to her horror that she realized just how long the line to the bathroom was. That wasn’t going to help her in the least.

She took a minute to think about it, and decided that she would just wrap things up with Mike and then go home. She could more than happily pee in her own toilet and not have to wait probably three times as long on an outing that she didn’t particularly want to be on. Not only that, she was determined to not let her new thoughts win out. She refused to let that side of her out that night.

Jill started to tell herself in her mind exactly what she was going to say when she got back to Mike. She was almost grateful that the crowds were so dense so that she had time to think of what to say in a way that he wouldn’t protest too much. Jill was almost positive that she could leave the situation gracefully, and hoped that Mike wouldn’t complain. As she neared Mike, he tried to flash her a million watt smile.

“Feel better, Jill?” he asked. Jill tried to open her mouth to speak, but before she had the chance, Mike continued speaking. “Hey, it’s getting kind of crowded here. How about we head back to my place, or some pizza, and you can stay over. We can continue having a great night. How does that sound?”

“Uhm,” Jill said slowly. “No? Why would I go to your house? It’s not like we’re dating or anything.” Mike’s hand immediately went up to rub the back of his neck, a light flush creeping into his cheeks.

“Well, uhm, I suppose that was a bit forward,” Mike said with a nervous chuckle. “But uhm, here’s the thing.”

Oh boy, here it comes, Jill thought to herself, trying to keep herself from rolling her eyes. The cat is finally coming out of the bag.

“Well, here’s the thing, but uhm, I’ve kind of found that the more time we’ve spent together, even if it’s mostly been at work, that I really like you a lot.”

“Well, I like you, too,” Jill said gently, hoping that she appeared clueless to what Mike was trying to tell her. She really didn’t want to have to go into things. “You’re a great friend, Mike.”

“Well, here’s the thing, Jill,” Mike said, leaning towards her again, looking as if he was ready to proposition a business deal with her. “I think we both know that we’re a good match, and I really like you a lot more than just a friend. I was thinking that maybe we could consider this our first date, no?”

Jill felt her stomach drop. She knew that Mike was into her, but hadn’t prepared herself for the possibility of having to actually reject him. How was she going to manage to do it gently when he had such a bright and hopeful smile on his face?

“Uhm, Mike,” Jill started gently, “I genuinely like you, I really do, and I don’t really want to hurt you.” Jill subtly crossed her legs trying not to grimace. Having to pee made it really hard for her to focus, but she needed to get through the moment. “But you’re really not my type, if you know what I mean. I am so so sorry if you thought I liked you as more than just friends. I’m just not really attracted to you in that way, and I can’t be.”

Mike’s face immediately fell, and Jill could have sworn that he was nearly close to tears, but he still kept up a brave face.

“Well, shit,” Mike said, rubbing the back of his neck with both hands. His eyes went from Jill’s face to darting around the bar, not focusing on one single thing. “I must have come off as a complete asshole just now, damn. I just assumed…”

Jill had to admit that she felt awful at Mike’s reaction. She knew it wasn’t going to be easy, but she didn’t think that he was going to take it as hard as he did. It was already bad enough that Jill hated upsetting people for any reason at all.

“Okay,” Mike said, straightening up suddenly. “Before we go home, first promise me that there are going to be no awkward feelings. We’re just friends,” he offered. Jill was quick to accept, grateful that Mike wasn’t going to make things even more difficult. “Great. So, if you don’t mind me asking, what is your type? I know a few handsome men, you know.”

Jill groaned inwardly, realizing that Mike didn’t fully understand what she was trying to tell him. She was comfortable with herself, but hated having to out herself unnecessarily. What she did in her private life was kept mostly to herself or to whomever she felt like sharing it with, and she really didn’t want to have to tell Mike. It just seemed as if she had no choice as he was far more insistent than she thought he would be.

“Mike, I’m going to be honest here,” Jill said quietly, “but I’m not interested in your or your friends because I like women. I’m a lesbian.” Jill watched as Mike’s face shifted several times from shock, to confusion, and then wonder and she felt her face burn with embarrassment. “I really need to head home. See you.”

Jill quickly fled to her car, snatching her things from the table and rushing through the crowded bar. She had to pause for a brief moment in her escape to hold herself. She needed to pee badly.

Once in her car, Jill found herself debating on whether or not she should just go in her car again. She felt herself relax for just a moment when her thoughts came to a screeching halt. She couldn’t do that again in her car – she had absolutely no protection and she had just cleaned it too. Jill’s thoughts went a mile a minute, and she settled on just going at home. She could pee herself in her bathroom, pre-planned, and on purpose.

With that decision made, Jill hurriedly started her car and started driving home. It wasn’t too far from the bar, but it felt like the drive was lasting an eternity. It was so bad that she couldn’t help but be reminded of her of the traffic jam she had been in when she had wet herself (and her car, for that matter).

But her thoughts kept going back and forth. Could she really do it? Could she pee herself on purpose? Jill wasn’t feeling too sure of herself. She wanted to, but it had to be wrong. She couldn’t just pee herself whenever she pleased. She was an adult!

Her thoughts were interrupted by a group of people that decided to cross the street in front of her suddenly, forcing her to slam on her brakes hard. She felt her seatbelt lock up and cut into her stomach, and she groaned at the tight feeling across her belly. It had been painful to stop so suddenly and nearly made her lose her grip on her aching bladder. She glanced down at her seat, debating for another moment on just letting go, but was quickly reminded that her seat was not covered. With that little reminder in the back of her mind, she clamped down with all of her might and let out a sigh of relief when her seatbelt unlocked itself, relieving her from some of the pressure that she felt. With the tightness gone, Jill tried to pay more attention on her drive, but her thoughts kept drifting to whether or not she could pee herself on purpose or not.

After far too long, Jill finally saw her street, and then her house appear in her vision. She hastily parked her car in the driveway, trying to move quickly but slowly enough to not jostle her bladder more than she needed to. If she wasn’t careful, she wouldn’t have much choice in the matter, and if Jill knew one thing for sure, it was that she didn’t want to have an accident outside.

Jill fidgeted with her keys at her front door, unable to stop herself from hoping from foot to foot. She had the key in the slot, but she wasn’t understanding why her door wasn’t opening. Jill groaned and then remembered that she had just recently replaced the lock. Pull and twist! Jill practically shouted to herself in her mind. She pulled the door towards herself, twisted the key in the lock, and heard the satisfying click of the door unlocking. Jill dashed inside, closed the door behind her, kicked off her shoes, and made a run upstairs.

Once upstairs and in her bathroom, Jill tried to do what she had done before. She stood in front of her mirror, staring at herself. She took in her appearance – hair up, nice cardigan with black pants and pink socks that didn’t match but she had grabbed in a sleepy haze while getting ready for work.

Jill couldn’t help but debate with herself on whether or not she could do it. She was surprisingly nervous at the thought; this was something completely different.

Okay, Jill, think for a minute. Calm down.

She took a deep breath, closing her eyes for a moment, and felt herself relax a little. A short burst of pee shot out suddenly, surprising Jill. She had managed to leak a little and had a moment of delight, but then her nerves kicked in and kicked in hard. Jill completely chickened out and clamped up. She couldn’t do it like she thought and practically grabbed herself to make sure she didn’t leak any further.

Squeezing herself together as best as she could, Jill hobbled the few steps to the toilet and with a small cry of frustration, managed to pull down her pants and panties. Before she had even fully sat down, she was peeing at full force into the toilet.

Jill closed her eyes in relief at finally peeing. She had managed to make it to the toilet mostly in time. When she stood up, she quickly inspected her pants. Her panties had a wet patch, but her pants were fine and survived, so she didn’t bother to change clothes. She pulled them back up, almost reveling in the cold wetness of her damp panties against her skin. When she went to her room, she flopped onto her mattress, belly first, questioning her confused feelings.

A part of her was glad that she had made it to the toilet like she was supposed to, yet a big part of her felt disappointed that she didn’t get the same feelings as she did with her accidents. She found that she missed the childish humiliation of standing in the middle of a puddle and her legs and clothes soaked with pee.

Jill let out a groan of frustration. She had been so close, but she couldn’t do it like she had wanted to. Not wanting to bother changing, Jill got herself comfortable in her bed to continue thinking. She made herself promise that she would try again, and with that thought in mind, she slowly fell into a restless slumber full of thoughts and doubts over the future.

*011*2022-08-02 16:18

{{22 hours ago, Avery Fox said:

Poor Mike that must have been a painfull suprise to him heheh

Also proud for Jill to finally make the potty is this progress or a fluke?

}}

Poor thing tried to shoot his shot and missed terribly! Ooops!

Progress? Fluke? Who knows~?

*012*2022-08-02 16:24

A/n: Oops! I forgot to post this yesterday as a little bonus. Things take a bit of a change here and a little bit shorter, buttttttttt things aren’t any less fun~ Enjoy!

~~~

Chapter Five: Running into Trouble

Jill woke up the next morning after her night out with Mike with far too much energy. She supposed that she was feeling a little pent up after the day before. Jill knew that she was certainly annoyed with Mike; he was a nice friend, and she was upset that he risked ruining that friendship. She hoped that he could be normal around her. Hell, she hoped that she could be normal around him.

The worst part was she had felt it coming. She knew he’d ask her to go for drinks at some point, and she had tried to stall for as long as she could. She had even tried for weeks to make it obvious that she didn’t have feelings for him. Jill just couldn’t understand men. She supposed that she had been drawn to them in some degree, but only as friends and never romantically. Then again, it wasn’t as though she had much luck in the love department as it was. Relationships just sucked.

Then, of course, there was her incident later that night. She had made it to the toilet for once during an emergency, but she was grumpy about that, too.

Not wanting to wallow around in bed, Jill decided that she needed to do something about all of her energy before she found herself bouncing around the house. The best way, she decided, was to actually bounce out of her house and go on a run. With her decision made, Jill hopped out of bed to get dressed and make a healthy breakfast.

The moment Jill stood up, gravity made itself known and alerted her to her bladder that apparently decided to wake up a little later than herself. Jill decided to ignore her need for the moment as a new idea crept into her head, but she pushed the thought aside for the moment. She decided to change her order for the day and decided to have breakfast first before changing into her running clothes.

Jill spent her walk downstairs to the kitchen debating on what she would make before ultimately deciding on a refreshing smoothie. Even though she didn’t have a drop of alcohol, she couldn’t deny that a smoothie would make her happy to have. She opened her freezer and grabbed whatever frozen fruits she could possibly need, apparently having a theme. Anything that had the color red was going to make its way into her breakfast. She tossed the fruit into her blender, added some yogurt and juice, and carefully held the lid to her blender down as she turned it on.

When she took a drink of her concoction, she had to admit to herself that it wasn’t terrible, but it wasn’t great either. At least it was edible and she supposed that was good enough. Cooking she could do, baking she could handle on a good day, but no matter how many times she tried to make a smoothie it was never the best. It wasn’t her strong suit in the least, but she could say the one she just made ranked pretty high.

With her smoothie consumed, Jill checked her phone to check the weather. Realizing it was going to be another hot day, she decided to get ready and get out before the heat kicked in. She didn’t want to bake herself in the sun, or even worse, faint.

Jill trudged back upstairs and tossed on her running clothes. She opted her for favorite pink running tank top, but hesitated with her leggings. She had an idea of what she wanted to do, but wasn’t sure if she dared to do it. She debated for a moment. Jill kind of needed to pee, but she could also pee herself during her run. However, if she did that, she definitely needed her black leggings to hide the evidence.

Ah, what the hell, Jill decided as the courage of her thoughts catapulted her next movements. She couldn’t manage to do things the way she wanted the day before, but today would be much different. With her choice made, Jill pulled on her black leggings and wormed her way into her running shoes. She then decided to fill her water bottle before heading out the door.

The first thing she noticed was that it was warm. Not too warm, just yet, but enough that she needed the shade. She was starting to huff and puff as she pushed herself uphill towards her favorite park.

The second thing that she noticed was her need to pee. Running felt like absolute torture on her bladder as it shook with each impact of her feet on the ground. She knew it was risky for her, she’d never done well running with a full bladder, but this time she was counting on it. As she pushed hard to get up the last section of hill before entering the park, she felt a small leak dampening her panties under her leggings. She figured that it wasn’t too bad yet and slowed herself down a little to prevent a major leak. However, half-way through her first lap at the park, Jill was at the point that her pushing caused her to lose a spurt of two every so often. She reached a hand down to stealthily check her pants, only half-surprised to feel a fair sized patch of wetness on her leggings.

She was nearly positive that the wet patch wasn’t visible unless someone was looking for it, but she couldn’t help but admit that it gave her all kinds of different feelings. Here she was, again, this time in public, and her panties were completely soaked, yet the people that ran past her had no idea. She couldn’t help but enjoy the thrill that it gave her and she wanted more.

Jill decided to veer off her path a little bit. She knew of a fairly secluded place in the park where she shouldn’t be disturbed and she excitedly ran a little faster in that direction. As she ran towards her new destination in the wooded section of the park, she felt another spurt of pee leak out of her. It did nothing to alleviate the pressure on her bladder, but made her excited. She had to pee badly; not as much as previous times, but enough.

As she rounded the corner to the place she was looking for, Jill slowed down and then finally stopped moving.She hadn’t come across anyone on her way which meant the spot was clear. Jill felt her breath start to quicken and her pulse start to race. She was about to pee herself and she wasn’t going to chicken out this time. She debated on whether or not she wanted to spread her legs of cross them, but decided on something in between. Jill didn’t quite cross her legs, but kept them close enough together.

She breathed out and pushed. Jill waited for a moment and then pushed again and pushed some more but to her frustration, nothing was happening. She thought about it for a moment and realized that pushing only made her clam up, but gave another push to test that theory. When nothing was happening still, Jill took a deep breath and relaxed her muscles.

At first, nothing happened, but then she could feel it. Like a balloon that was popped, the dam was finally broken and Jill felt herself peeing her leggings at full force, quickly rewarding her soaked panties that couldn’t hold another drop. She felt her butt started to get wet, pee pooling up on the inside of her leggings, before the familiar heat ran down her legs, leaving a glistening trail on the soft fabric. However, the heat didn’t just go down her legs as she felt it reach her belly and her cheeks that had to be a bright red.

Jill couldn’t stop herself and watched in fascination as the yellow pool expanded out from her feet and towards the hot concrete. For a moment, it looked as though the ground had soaked everything in, but it pooled quickly and suddenly, leaving Jill in a puddle when she finally finished.

She remained frozen where she stood, breathing hard and taking in what she had done. Jill realized that she had to leave quickly before someone came and she got caught, but the idea was equally as arousing as it was humiliating. She looked around, down at the puddle at her feet, and then decided to take off running. Jill made sure to shuffle her feet through a patch of grass and carefully checked how her leggings looked. Luckily they looked as though nothing had really happened, shining with only the faintest of glimmers that gave away the fact they were wet.

As Jill set off again, she relished in the adrenaline rush she felt. She was running home in wet panties, passing a couple of people every so often and no one seemed to notice a thing. Jill’s delight at not getting caught came to a screeching halt once she reacher her street and heard a familiar voice call out, “Hey, Jill! Jill!! Come over here, will you?” Jill slowed for just a moment to see the friendly face of her neighbor Alice from across the street walking her dog Molly, one of the sweetest Golden Retrievers Jill had ever met.

Alarm bells rang out loudly in Jill’s head. She was far from dry, and what if Alice could smell her? She felt her face burn hot at the idea in embarrassment. At the very least, she could play off her red cheeks as being too hot from the heat. The sun was starting to burn a lot hotter as it rose in the sky and that much wouldn’t arouse too much suspicion. As Jill crossed the street, she put on a cheerful smile, grateful for the skill she had learned while teaching.

“Hi, Alice,” Jill said, planting her hands on her hips. “Walking Molly, I see.”

“Yeah, the lazy thing needed to get out before the heat gets to be too much,” Alice replied with a sigh. As they spoke, Molly very quickly rushed to Jill, sniffing her legs with a fervor that made her blush even further.

“Hey!” Jill said, trying to push Molly away as gently as possible. The last thing she needed was to have the dog sniff her soaked leggings. Jill couldn’t help but notice the way Alice’s eyebrows raised in surprised at her actions. She would never ordinarily push Molly away. In fact, she never had before even with as sweaty and hot as she had been before. Alice seemed to be studying Jill far more closely as if she was a book being read, and Jill started to panic. Would Alice dare mention anything to her?

“Hey, Jill, I am sure that you want to finish you run,” Alice finally said, tugging gently on Molly’s leash to pull her away from Jill. “Is it all right if I drop by a little later today?”

“Uhm, yeah, sure, that’s fine,” Jill answered. “I suppose after you’re done walking Molly is all right, although I do need a shower. So many in about an hour?”

“That’ll be perfect,” Alice said, giving Jill a gentle smile. “I’ll see you then.”

Jill watched as Alice walked away with Molly bouncing happily in step beside her. She let out a breath that she wasn’t aware she had been holding and turned on her heel to head back towards her house. Jill was mortified, but also felt that her experience that day had been thrilling.

Running off the high of what she had done, Jill got in the shower, tossed her clothes off and let the warm water hit her. Still feeling pent up, but now with different reasons, Jill decided to give in to her new thoughts and touch herself. It was the least she could do to try and burn off the last of her excess energy.

