The Price for Sushi

Author: Sunfyre

*000*2025-02-17 14:00

“There’s just nothing fun to do around here,” Aria groaned, burying her face in the couch pillow.

She was sprawled across Constance’s couch, aimlessly scrolling through her phone. Across from her, Constance sat on the floor, leaning against the coffee table with her own phone in hand. It was just another dull Saturday in their small college town—where the most exciting entertainment options included overpriced coffee, people-watching at the campus quad, or debating whether their GPA was worth the stress of actually studying.

“We could go to a frat party?” Constance suggested.

Aria didn’t even look up. “Oh, hell no.”

“What about hiking up the North Hills?”

“We’ve done that, like, a million times.”

Silence.

They both sighed, resigned to wasting another afternoon on TikTok and Instagram reels.

Then, suddenly, Constance sat up. “Wait—look at this.”

She turned her phone toward Aria, a mischievous grin spreading across her face.

“The No-Bathroom Challenge,” she announced.

Aria raised an eyebrow. “That sounds dumb.”

“And that’s exactly why we’re gonna do it!” Constance grinned. “We each drink a glass of water every thirty minutes, and whoever pees first has to buy dinner tonight.”

Aria smirked. “What, you think I’d lose?”

Constance’s grin widened. “I know you’d lose.”

Aria scoffed, narrowing her eyes. “Oh, it’s on.”

Constance grabbed the water pitcher, filling both their glasses to the brim. “A whole cup down every thirty minutes, no exceptions.”

With a clink of their glasses, the challenge began.

The first hour was a breeze. By the second, they could both feel it—a dull pressure, nothing unbearable.

The third hour? That’s when things got serious.

Aria was not fine. She bounced her leg furiously, subtly pressing her thighs together. She wouldn’t give Constance the satisfaction of seeing her struggle, but the urge was very real.

Constance, sitting cross-legged, looked calmer. But the truth was, she was just as bad off—her stomach felt tight, and the waistband of her jeans now felt more like a cage around her swelling bladder. She discreetly squeezed her thighs together, her toes curling in her socks.

By hour four, neither of them were speaking much.

The next glass of water felt like a death sentence.

Aria exhaled sharply, standing up. “Nope—nope—I can’t do this anymore.”

Constance’s eyes lit up with triumph as Aria hurried to the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Moments later, the unmistakable sound of relief filled the room.

“Ohhh, thank god,” Aria groaned from inside the bathroom.

Constance cackled. “HA! I knew I’d win! You owe me sushi.”

When Aria returned, she was slightly irritated but noticeably more comfortable. She glanced at Constance, who was still sitting stiffly on the couch.

“So,” Aria teased. “What are you waiting for?”

Constance huffed, shifting in place. “I don’t know! I guess I just… wasn’t thinking about it.”

Aria snorted. “Go piss, girl.”

Constance smiled smugly as she got to her feet—only to freeze.

Oh.

She had waited too long.

Her bladder protested violently the second she stood up, and suddenly, it was an emergency.

A whimper caught in her throat as she bent slightly at the waist, pressing her thighs together.

Aria immediately caught on.

“Damn,” she laughed. “I didn’t know you had to go that bad. Maybe I should’ve tried to hold out a bit longer”

“Shut up,” Constance hissed, shuffling toward the bathroom as fast as her body would allow.

She locked the door, practically trembling as she reached to undo her jeans. The button slid out smoothly, but when she yanked down on her zipper…

Nothing.

Her stomach dropped.

“SH-shit! Not now!!”

She yanked harder—still nothing.

No, no, no, NO—

Her breath hitched as a spurt of warmth escaped.

“Aria!”

“What?” Aria called from outside, voice amused.

“My zipper’s stuck!”

Silence.

Then—laughter.

“Are you serious?”

“YES, I’M SERIOUS!” Constance practically sobbed, pressing her hands tightly between her legs.

Aria, still wheezing, tried the door. “Let me see.”

Constance cracked it open, hopping in place as Aria inspected the stubborn zipper.

Aria gave it a hard tug. Nothing. Constance winced as the sudden motion sent a spike of pain rippling through her body.

“Damn,” she muttered. “It’s really stuck.”

“No kidding!” Constance snapped, voice rising in panic. “Sh-shit, it’s gonna come out!”

Aria yanked again. And again. But the metal teeth wouldn’t budge.

Another leak.

Constance gasped. Her knees buckled.

“Okay, okay—just pull them down anyway!” Aria urged.

Constance tried. She yanked at her jeans, but they barely moved. The waistband was too tight, squeezing her hips and trapping her in a denim prison.

“Aria, I can’t!” she whined.

Aria swore. “Hold on—one more time!”

She grabbed the zipper, yanked as hard as she could—

RIP!

It slid down.

Constance desperately maneuvered her jeans down her figure, but it was too late. A sudden, unstoppable gush of warmth soaked her underwear before she could even begin pulling them down.

“No—no—no—!” she gasped, eyes wide with horror.

But her body didn’t care.

The second her pants cleared her thighs, her bladder fully exploded.

She collapsed onto the toilet seat, releasing a loud, uncontrollable stream before she even sat all the way down.

The relief was so intense, she couldn’t even stop the loud moan that escaped her lips.

“AHHhhh f-f-fuuuck…”

Aria, still in the doorway, stared.

“…Wow.”

Constance’s face burned as she finally finished, panting.

A horrible silence followed. Then—

Aria burst out laughing.

“Oh. My. God.” She wheezed, doubling over.

Constance groaned, hiding her face. “I hate you.”

Aria was cackling with laughter. “You made a HUGE mess! It looks like it rained fucking apple juice here!! Bahahaha!”

Constance whimpered. She stood up, staring at the ruined state of her underwear. Her jeans, at least, had been spared the worst of it.

Aria wiped a tear from her eye, finally calming herself down. “At least you still get free sushi”

Constance groaned. “It better be the most expensive sushi in town.”

Aria grinned. “Oh, after this? I’ll make sure of it.”

