Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*016*2023-04-02 07:44

There was some noticeable improvement after that. Vegeta was able to relieve himself if Bulma was in the adjacent room again, and he did not require her to say anything ‘encouraging’ to him first. He was back on the right path again, recovered from the intense blow to his ego the sickness had given him.

It had NOT been the perfect, sudden miracle cure Bulma had allowed herself to HOPE for. Vegeta was not suddenly healed completely and capable of urinating whenever and wherever he wanted. He was still struggling a lot.

Bulma and Goku remained the only two people he was reliably able to go around. Sometimes he could manage it near Trunks, but less often.

The most noticeable change was that he was somewhat less reluctant to ADMIT that he had to pee. That wasn’t saying MUCH since, less than a week ago, he would have rather died than confess he HAD a bladder to begin with, but it did indicate he had gained a little bit of confidence.

In the past, Vegeta would be out with Bulma for several hours, then randomly stop whatever he was doing and say “I’m flying home now for… Reasons…” and just leave. Bulma could always GUESS what the ‘reasons’ were. Now he was willing to actually SAY why he was leaving some of the time. “I… Uh… Going to relieve myself, bye.” It was blatantly obvious how much EFFORT it took from him to get those words out, but he was finally capable of it.

Bulma was also getting him to hydrate himself a little better. So far, she was only able to talk him into having some extra water when he knew he’d be remaining at home for the foreseeable future, which was still an improvement from before. She’d suggested to him that he should try drinking three liters of water per day and, so long as he wasn’t going out for too long, he generally accomplished that.

The only problem was that Vegeta seemed MOST willing to drink in the evening, right before bed. So, he saved the majority of the water until then. Obviously, he didn’t often have a reason to get up and leave in the middle of the night, ensuring that he’d have an easy time getting rid of all the fluid later. But, getting most of the day’s hydration in just before he headed to sleep always seemed like a recipe for disaster to Bulma.

He never responded well when she asked him if he was SURE that was the best idea.

“YOU’RE the one who wants me to drink more, woman,” Vegeta told her. “It’s easiest for me to… Get relief during the night. You know that.”

Bulma never mentioned what she worried might HAPPEN to Vegeta if he ever made the mistake of sleeping a little too deeply. He was guaranteed to get flustered and angry at the suggestion. It was possible he might even do something patently ridiculous, like drink even MORE just to ‘prove’ to Bulma that he could never wet the bed.

Luckily, he HADN’T done that yet. Bulma had no idea what she would even DO if that ever happened, and kept thinking that she needed to ‘prepare’ for it. It just seemed… Inevitable unless she could convince him to adopt a more reasonable hydration schedule.

Vegeta, of course, didn’t think there was anything wrong with what he was doing. He had to admit that he genuinely DID feel a lot stronger now that he was drinking more. He was ABLE to easily fight past any muscle cramps that his dehydration caused to crop up, but it was nice not to have to deal with them anymore. He thought he’d gotten slightly faster as a result, no more half-second pauses when one of his knees decided to knot up on itself. He knew he was getting a lot better, able to push himself further than before just because of a little extra water.

Plus, sometimes he was STARTING his training earlier in the day than usual, thanks to his body now having a sort of built-in alarm clock— One that was a lot more reliable than the one on the nightstand. Sometimes, Vegeta slept through that one. Other times, it took him a second to actually wake up and remember what that irritating sound actually was, prompting him to just smack the Hell out of it to make it stop. That always sparked an argument with Bulma. “This is the sixtieth alarm clock you’ve broken, Vegeta! The people at the store are gonna think I have some weird addiction if I keep buying more!”

Vegeta’s NEW alarm clock was different. He always recognized what it was, and that it was telling him to get up. And, if it happened to go off close to when he’d be starting his day anyway, sometimes that meant an extra half hour of training. His bladder did a spectacular job of waking him right up, no matter how deeply he’d been asleep.

The only really irritating things were the new dreams Vegeta had been having lately. Of course, his bladder and a surplus of watery imagery had taken center-stage in his dreams before— He’d gone to sleep while ALREADY desperate enough times to have gotten well acquainted with those— But, now they occurred nearly EVERY night and some of them got… Intense.

In one, there was a heavy rain-storm that he couldn’t escape from no matter how far he flew. In another, he was trapped in a small room with Kakarot, sealed by a door that neither of them could break through for some reason, all while Kakarot kept trying to coax him into just going in the corner. In one of the worst ones, he finally managed to break the lock to the restroom and was unable to relieve himself until Bulma replaced it.

He always woke from these in a state of absolute, urgent desperation. Often, he’d find that he’d begun to hold himself in his sleep— sometimes with BOTH hands. Bulma would usually still be asleep, allowing him to stumble to the restroom in whatever humiliating hobble his bladder chose to force on him. He’d go, check the time and determine if he was ready to begin training for the day.

So, it wasn’t THAT bad. His dreams were annoying, but they were JUST dreams. He woke up bursting every day, but he could resolve it easily. He always had to go badly enough that it made him walk funny, but Bulma wasn’t up to SEE it.

And he was finally decently hydrated. It was all working out fine.

Until, one morning, it didn’t.

Vegeta had woken from an absolutely Hellish dream. His traitorous mind had decided to pull out all the stops, taunt his bladder as much as it possibly could. It hadn’t stopped at just tormenting his bladder, either. It had seen fit to twist his stupid ‘feelings’ a little as well.

In the dream, he’d just finished one of the longest, most intense battles of his life. He’d been victorious— Naturally. HE’D defeated a foe that had utterly DECIMATED Kakarot, and Kakarot had told him, “Wow, Vegeta. You really saved us! We would have been toast without you!”

Yes, he’d won. He was the greatest. Ever. Except… He’d also gotten SERIOUSLY injured, plenty of broken bones, and he was totally exhausted. Kakarot said they’d run out of senzu beans, so that meant Vegeta would have to recover the NORMAL way. Which wasn’t too awful at first. As much as he hated staying in bed, the fact that he’d beaten someone that Kakarot hadn’t been able to handle made him think it would be alright to take some time off.

He wasn’t even that frustrated by Bulma frequently checking in on him. It wasn’t until she suggested that he might like something ‘soothing’ while he healed up that problems began to arise. She’d put on a video displaying various bodies of flowing water, and then had him listen to rain sounds as well. When it started to ACTUALLY rain outside, Vegeta suddenly became aware of a painful urge to relieve himself.

Both of his legs were broken in multiple places. His feet were destroyed as well. He’d walked on busted feet before, it hurt like crazy, but wasn’t impossible. Issue was, he always made his injuries worse when he did things like that. Bulma would be none too pleased with him, and he’d extend the amount of time he needed to wait to resume his training.

But, he REALLY needed to go. He could hold it for a super long time, surely longer than anyone else, but Bulma had told him his legs would take weeks to heal. Not even HE could hold it in for weeks.

What could he do, though? He couldn’t walk to the toilet. When he glanced around himself, there was nothing in his immediate vicinity that he could use, nor would he have any place to stash the ‘evidence’ when Bulma returned. There was a water bottle which Bulma had made him empty earlier, but he could tell just by looking at it that he’d overflow it before he even made a dent in his desperation.

Bulma kept coming back, kept asking if he needed anything, if he was hungry, if he was thirsty… He denied the second thing vehemently. One more drop, and he’d die from the pressure!

Bulma left him alone once more.

The rainstorm outside kept getting louder, hissing violently, and Vegeta could see the door to the restroom, and— And maybe he could fly there? If his feet didn’t touch the ground, if they didn’t need to support his weight, then he wouldn’t damage them any further, right? He gave that a try, but his body was so shattered that he couldn’t gather his chi correctly.

Bulma returned. “Vegeta, you look uncomfortable,” she said immediately.

“I broke most of my bones,” Vegeta reminded. “Why the Hell WOULD I be comfortable?!”

“You look more uncomfortable than usual,” Bulma said. “Are you sure there isn’t something you need help with?”

Fuck no. Vegeta had been AWARE of the only real solution to his problem for a while now. But having Bulma assist him with… He would RATHER explode! “N—Nothing!”

“Are you sure?” Bulma asked. “Because, if there’s ANYTHING you need— anything at all—“

“There isn’t— I’m— I’m fine!”

“Okay,” Bulma said skeptically.

When she left, all Vegeta could focus on were the water videos, the rain sounds, the agonizingly intense need to void.

She came back twice more to ask if he wanted anything, and he denied it both times, the feeling of urgency in his lower stomach was begging him to admit to his struggle, though.

Bulma left him alone for a VERY long time then. So long, that Vegeta started to grip himself tightly with the one hand that WASN’T broken. It was all he could do to alleviate the pressure. He couldn’t squirm his legs around, they were too thoroughly destroyed for that! Sweat beaded on his brow, and suddenly THIS fight felt even more difficult than the one that had CAUSED all his injuries.

Bulma FINALLY came back, and Vegeta was hardly aware of what he was doing when he blurted out, “Woman, I’m going to burst! I have to relieve myself immediately!” As soon as those words were out, humiliation washed over him. He lost control of his mouth often, but never THAT badly! He sounded pathetic! He was BEGGING for a toilet break, just like he had when—

Panicking, he tried to parse Bulma’s reaction, but before he could get a good look at her face, he finally woke up. He was immensely grateful that that had only been a dream— He hadn’t ACTUALLY embarrassed himself so severely— but the relief only lasted for a second. He was BEYOND desperate, the need was even worse now than it had been during his dream. Both his hands were wedged between his thighs, and his legs were bunched up in the sheets as they twisted and turned.

A dull throb was forming in his lower back— He was close to the extreme pain he’d come to loathe so much! Why hadn’t his bladder woken him up earlier?! The pulsing it was doing now felt almost lethal in its intensity.

‘Get up, get up!’ Vegeta ordered himself, trying not to feel TOO ashamed by how difficult the simple task was to accomplish. He couldn’t move his hands for the life of him, and once he was upright, the needful surges scorched downwards and made him jiggle on his feet for a moment.

Mind clouded by urgent need, he hurried to the restroom as quickly as he could. Gah, he’d thought his speed had been improving before? He wasn’t seeing ANY of that now! If his strides were too long, he’d burst! He had to take tiny steps.

At last, he reached the door, barely cognizant of the noise taking place beyond it. He was about to yank it open when he noticed the light shining beneath it.

Fuck.

His eyes darted to the nightstand. It was later in the morning than he’d thought. He’d slept through not just his bladder’s tyrannical throbbing, but the alarm clock as well.

And Bulma was showering.

She could sometimes take a WHILE in there.

‘Patience’, much like ‘relaxation’, was a technique Vegeta had never learned. When he wanted to get something done, he wanted it done right THEN. Waiting for someone else was aggravating.

Especially now, when he seriously had to—

It wasn’t like that was the only restroom in the building. There were tons of other ones, and he knew he could actually USE a couple of them with only minimal straining. But, at this hour, plenty of Capsule Corp’s employees would certainly be wandering around, able to… see him.

He was still holding himself. He hadn’t seen a reason to let go when there weren’t any witnesses and it was helping to quell his urgency. The only way to get to another restroom without humiliating himself would require him to move his hands, and then manage to walk perfectly normally.

No fidgeting, no distorted steps, no leg-crossing. He could not walk too slowly, or it would look like something was wrong. He could not walk too quickly, or he’d look like he was in a rush. If someone noticed anything odd about his paces and realized where he was headed, they’d know how embarrassingly desperate he was.

He had to walk as if his bladder was completely empty. Could he do that? He’d struggled to get to THIS door even WHILE gripping himself…

Vegeta released his crotch and crossed his arms, fingers digging against them with agitation. The pressure had already increased, forcing him to clench his thighs and tighten his leg muscles. Which made the whole ‘walking normally’ thing a bit difficult.

He tried, but he couldn’t part his feet very far without upsetting the precarious balance of his bladder. He couldn’t bend his knees without inviting more throbbing pangs. If anyone saw him like this, they’d notice that he was walking funny. They’d be able to figure out why.

No one was allowed to see him this way.

He was going to stay HERE.

But then, he thought back to a part of his dream. He couldn’t walk without making his problem obvious, but maybe he could just fly a little bit above the floor? He wouldn’t need to move his legs that much.

But, that would look FAR weirder than the stupid hobble his bladder was forcing onto him. He didn’t fly inside the house unless he was trying to reach something high up. He’d garner attention, and if his midsection happened to spasm at the wrong time, if it managed to prompt any squirming…

Leaving this room was not an option.

Vegeta could wait. He could learn how to be ‘patient’, however that worked. If he just stayed right by the door and didn’t walk around, his bladder would stay mostly calm.

If only Saiyan hearing weren’t so good…

Vegeta absolutely HATED this, but his body was very susceptible to the power of suggestion sometimes. One part of it was, anyway. That was why listening to running water could occasionally help him go. But, it was far more common for him to be subjected to such noises when he needed to hold it.

Those sounds were mixing together with another problematic detail to force Vegeta into holding himself again, bending forwards. The other issue he was currently faced with was a new one, one he’d only become aware of recently.

He was training his bladder again, getting it used to a new set of rules. One of those rules being that THIS was a set-place where it could always empty. He’d never actually HAD a specific location where relief was basically guaranteed before. Out in space, his living situation was tenuous at best. Sometimes, he’d have a bed and a room, sometimes he’d sleep outside, and sometimes he’d be in his pod for a while. There was never one SPECIFIC place that he always went to void. It was always ‘Oh, I’m finally alone!’ followed by him finding the nearest location that he could consider ‘acceptable’, nervously paying attention to the readings on his scouter so he could be CERTAIN that his alone-time would LAST.

Now, he DID have one place where he was almost always able to pee, and his stupid bladder had gotten a little too USED to that. The most infuriating things had been happening lately! He’d be out for most of the day, managing his need with hardly any trouble. Then, he’d get home and— typically the second he’d just reached the front door— it was like all of it hit him at once. He’d suddenly need to relieve himself far, FAR worse than he’d needed it a second ago, and it would rapidly keep GETTING worse the closer he got to the bedroom.

That was not how his body was SUPPOSED to behave. Up until recently, that wasn’t how it had EVER behaved! But, he hadn’t been able to get it to stop. His infuriating bladder was too damned suggestible!

So, being stuck just outside the one place he could basically ALWAYS pee, forced to listen to running water as he just stood there and held it… Vegeta had felt utterly desperate when he first woke up, now after only a few minutes of THIS, he felt like he might burst.

Remembering even more of his dream, a very traitorous part of his brain tried to argue that there was actually a very easy way OUT of his current predicament. All he needed to do was knock on the door and… Admit that he was—

He would rather die.

Vegeta had reached a point where he could tell Bulma he was heading off to pee. It was really difficult, but he could force out those words. He could NOT go any further than that. He could never tell her that it was urgent. He definitely couldn’t allow her to think that he was too full to wait for her to finish showering!

He’d wait. He’d wait…

Besides, if it really got THAT bad, the door was barely a barrier to him. He could break it down with little to no effort. Yeah. He could… Destroy what was literally the most important door in this entire building, have Bulma yell at him, and then try to relieve his bladder without any privacy while she KEPT yelling at him.

Okay. Bad idea.

In fact, maybe he should stand further AWAY from the door just in case his temper decided to flare suddenly and force him to make some awful decisions.

Bulma couldn’t take that much longer, anyway. Vegeta could wait. He’d stand there and keep waiting. Listening to the hiss of the shower. Every drop penetrating his ear drums and drowning out every thought that wasn’t related to urinating and how badly he needed to do it.

‘Stop thinking about it…’ Vegeta did his best to concentrate on something else. He was able to handle an even higher level of gravity now, likely thanks to being better hydrated. He’d like to see Kakarot try to stand up in the gravity chamber now. He probably wouldn’t be able to.

Kakarot’s house only had one restroom. Did his wife shower for as long as Bulma did? Of course, Kakarot could just run outside and go in the bushes. He lived in the middle of nowhere and didn’t even care if anyone saw him. Vegeta had to live in the center of a massive city, and he cared IMMENSELY about someone seeing h—

Right. Right. He needed to think about something else.

…

…

Ahhh, he couldn’t think of anything else! His bladder was throbbing constantly, his back was starting to pinch, and he— He leaked. Barely even for a full second, but plenty to send a bolt of cold fear down his spine. When this was immediately followed by another spurt, he clenched his hands tighter and tried not to let the panic overwhelm him.

He felt… Too comfortable here. He was hit with a sudden realization that he hadn’t considered before; He locked up in places where he felt stressed. THIS was one of the only places where he DIDN’T feel that way. To top it off, he was currently by himself.

That could have meant that, if he overflowed here— which he was feeling DANGEROUSLY close to doing— the usual ‘block’ wouldn’t be in the way. He wouldn’t get the horrific kidney torture, instead he might actually—

Bulma would SEE—

Was there somewhere else he could go without leaving this room? The stupidly large water bottle he’d had before bed was still on the night-stand. It was pretty big, but he still wasn’t convinced that his own capacity wasn’t higher. Besides, what would he do to HIDE the thing before Bulma got back?

There was one of Bulma’s plants by the door. Revolting. Disgusting. Utterly— He’d also probably KILL the thing and, unless the soil it was in soaked up liquid at a lightning speed, Bulma WOULD notice how wet it was.

But, his only other option was to…

Vegeta understood on some level that ‘Knock on the door, and tell Bulma that you have to pee’ was by far the SIMPLEST choice available to him. It didn’t involve any sneaking around, trying to walk like he wasn’t about to explode. It didn’t involve any destruction. No overflowing bottles, no murdered plants, no scrambling to come up with an excuse to EXPLAIN those things.

Anyone else would have knocked on that door ages ago. But, he wasn’t anyone else! He was— He didn’t beg! He would never beg, especially not for this! Never again!

He was LEAKING, though! His holding muscles felt… Unstable somehow. Not as taut as usual. If Bulma didn’t get out of that room soon, and Vegeta couldn’t wait…

He would not beg. He would DEMAND. Like the warrior he was.

He reached and hit his knuckles against the door as lightly as he could.

“Door’s unlocked,” Bulma called back.

Vegeta hadn’t even thought to try it… Not that it would have done him much good in the long run. She was still IN there.

“Th—That’s…” Vegeta struggled to think of what to say. He felt pitiful, dribbling pee into his clothes and having to ask someone else to give him what he needed. He couldn’t stand it! Straightening his throat, and gathering as much confidence as he could muster, he said; “I— I demand that you relinquish that room immediately, or else I will—“

He stopped when he heard Bulma mumbling. He had a difficult time making out what she’d said over the relentless hiss of the shower, but it sounded like; “Or else you’ll wet yourself?”

Vegeta stumbled backwards slightly, face aflame. Blasted… Infuriating… GAH. “I— Will pretend I didn’t hear that! The reason I’m giving this order is not important, but if—“

The shower abruptly switched off, freeing Vegeta from at least SOME of the torment. The throbs of need tearing through his middle calmed down slightly now that the awful sound had been removed.

Bulma groaned, “You know, Vegeta, you could ask like a NORMAL person…”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Vegeta said, crossing his legs around the other way. ‘Hurry the Hell up! If you know I’m… Needing something, then stop being so slow!’

Finally, the door opened. Bulma stepped out wearing her robe. Vegeta was doing his absolute BEST to appear presentable in front of her. He’d moved his hands behind his back, but his legs refused to uncoil and he was visibly shaking all over. He only managed to keep his hands away from his crotch for a second before they resumed squeezing against his will. He wanted to just run into the restroom and put an end to this, but Bulma was still RIGHT by the door, and she was LOOKING at him, and— “Go over there!” Vegeta snapped, pointing to the bed.

Bulma KEPT looking at him for a second, but then went to the bed, watching as he finally scrambled into the restroom. Ack, how embarrassing! Now, it was bound to take him longer to actually start going. He stood at the toilet, and—

Vegeta’s eyes cracked open slightly, then he quickly sat up in bed. It was the middle of the night. He wasn’t in the restroom. Bulma was right beside him, and he’d nearly managed to—

He glanced back and forth and then— very reluctantly— down at his lap. His hands were squeezed there, but nothing felt… Damp.

Fuck, he’d woken up at the last possible second. He wasn’t certain if relieving himself in a dream would cause him to do it for real, but he had NO intention of ever finding out. But, that had been so weird. He’d never had a dream WITHIN a dream before.

… Was he ACTUALLY awake now, or was his brain playing more tricks on him? Everything with Bulma in the shower had felt super real, nothing out of the ordinary to tip him off to the fact that he was still sleeping.

Well, if he WAS asleep, then he knew a good way to wake himself back up. He sat up further, forced one hand away from his crotch, and harshly punched himself in the chest. “Oof..” His bladder lurched in response and he needed to tighten his thighs up even more, but the pain was enough to convince him that he was awake.

But, now Bulma was too… “Vegeta, what are you doing?”

“I— I’m making sure that I’m not asleep.”

“… What.” Bulma sat up further. “Oh no, did you actually start—“

“NO!” Vegeta snapped. “Of course I didn’t! Don’t even ASK that! Now— STAY there.” He got to his feet, albeit wobbly. His bladder felt like it was trying to crush him from the inside out. This was the sort of desperation that he usually only encountered after a day’s long hold. Stupid water… Stupid body not waking up earlier… Stupid—

Vegeta’s eyes drew open again. He was back in bed.

DAMMIT. Was he actually awake NOW, or was this just yet more torture? He was holding himself, squirming, pressure making him sweat. But he was wary of doing ANYTHING that might put an end to it! When he’d punched himself, it had felt so real, but even THAT had been a trick.

He looked to his side, seeing Bulma wasn’t there. He picked up on the sound of the shower, again. But was THAT real, or was it too a figment of his imagination trying to taunt him? He got out of bed, went to the restroom door, knocked.

“It’s unlocked,” Bulma called back, just as she’d done during one of his dreams. Her voice sounded normal, but it had sounded normal BEFORE, too.

The door being open didn’t help Vegeta very much, though. “Bulma, this is a strange question, but do you think I’m awake right now?”

Silence.

“Unless you’re sleep-walking, then YES, you ARE awake…” Bulma sighed.

“It’s just that I’ve woken up a FEW times this morning, and—“ Vegeta tensed one of his fists, the other hand still gripping himself. “I want to relieve myself…”

“I already TOLD you, the door’s unlocked.”

“You’re still IN there!” Vegeta reminded. “And, I’m not even sure if I’m actually AWAKE, or—“

Vegeta found himself laying in bed again. He HADN’T been awake.

Okay. What did he have to destroy to put an end to all of this!? He didn’t even BOTHER trying to figure out if he was still sleeping now or not. Odds were, he was. He couldn’t pee, if he did then he was likely to…

He hadn’t done THAT since he was two! No way in Hell would he risk it again NOW.

He would hold it until he was ABSOLUTELY sure that he’d woken up. Maybe not in this room, though. Dream or not, his body recognized this as the easiest place to void, being in it was too much of a temptation.

He left, went down the hall, trying to ignore how much each step hurt his midsection. THAT sure felt real, but he could easily be imagining it. He needed some way to test this. Punching himself hadn’t worked, so he had to find something else.

He could never read in his dreams. Anything he saw written down would be incomprehensible and random— Even signs that he saw every day would appear distorted and unrecognizable. If he found something to read and it was actually legible, then he was awake. If he was awake, he could pee.

Even though he believed himself to be in a dream, Vegeta put forth his best effort at walking calmly and smoothly. There was still a slim chance that this WAS real, and that the people he passed could actually see him, and notice any signs of his desperation. He couldn’t allow that. No one was permitted to see him in THAT sort of distress.

He got to the front of the building, and decided he’d go outside to see if he could read the sign on the front.

He ‘woke up’ again before he even made it through the door.

Someone needed to pay for this. He wasn’t sure WHO, but SOMEONE.

Bulma was showering again. Maybe. If any of this was real.

Vegeta forced himself out of bed, and the immediate shift in the pressure stretching out his bladder did not feel imaginary— But NONE of his bladder’s spasms had felt fake so far. He waited by the restroom door for a second, and it didn’t take long for the running water to grind down his resistance. He knocked again. “B—Bulma?” He called. “I— Uh—“ He gritted his teeth. He wanted someone to free him from the stress and needfulness he was enduring. Someone to assure him that he was awake, that it was okay to relieve himself…

“What is it?” Bulma asked.

“Er… I…” Vegeta was not at ALL convinced that he was speaking to the real Bulma, yet that did nothing to make his next words come out any easier. “I’m bursting.”

“I told you to stop saving all that water until right before bed!” Bulma said. That… WAS the sort of response he would have expected out of her… But, perhaps his imagination just KNEW her too well and was still trying to trick him. “I’ll be out in a minute, can you wait that lo—“

“Of course I can!” Vegeta exclaimed. “Don’t you DARE imply—“

“I wasn’t!” Bulma groaned.

In response to his own protests, Vegeta’s bladder spasmed hard again and he felt himself lose a tiny spurt of liquid. He actually forced himself to pay extra attention to how the loss of control felt, was it moving straight down his legs because he was actually standing up? Or was it spreading over his lap because, in reality, he was still in bed?

He thought it was the first thing, but after so many false awakenings, he didn’t feel like he could trust ANYTHING.

The door opened, Bulma stepped out and… Stared at him, particularly at the hand still between his legs. He yanked it away, but it was too late. The damage was done. She’d seen him doing that… “G—Go to the bed,” he demanded.

She did as asked, and Vegeta went in, locking the door and standing in front of the toilet. Once he was ready to go, nothing happened. A familiar feeling, but the cause of it was new. He was convinced that if he let himself pee, he’d suddenly wake up in bed again, this time in a puddle. He’d soak himself, and the bed, and… And maybe some of it would even get on Bulma. He would never survive that.

At the same time, he didn’t want to leave and keep holding it in. The pressure was painful, so bad that it hurt just to inhale, his skin being stretched over the bloated knot of tension in his middle. That sensation was so annoying to him that he started to just HOLD his breath for a bit so he could have a reprieve.

Vegeta could hold his breath for a LONG time before his lungs started to burn. That was one of the many things he was proud of. He could search for items in the ocean without running out of air, he could hide under water to pull off a sneak attack, he could—

Suddenly, he felt a very peculiar sensation, like some sort of snap in his midsection, and then he was peeing. Full force, too. He hadn’t needed to strain at first to get it out. It just happened, like Kakarot had told him it was SUPPOSED to.

For the first couple seconds, he felt more panic than relief. Was he… Was he ‘going’ in bed? He didn’t feel himself getting warmer, so he didn’t THINK he was ‘spilling’. As more time passed and he didn’t notice any increases in temperature, much less any wetness, he accepted that he WASN’T dreaming, and that it was FINE for him to continue voiding now.

He wasn’t dreaming… Which meant he’d ACTUALLY said the words “I’m bursting” to Bulma. He’d spoken that pathetic, pitiful statement OUT LOUD to her. He’d told her that, not only did he desire to urinate, but he NEEDED to do it urgently. He’d ADMITTED that he was desperate.

So, she was probably thinking about that now. Thinking about how uncomfortable he’d been. Thinking about how, since HE’D managed to put that into words for the first time EVER, that meant he must have been SERIOUSLY dying to go. She was thinking about how he must have been close to… To ‘having an accident’, if he’d allowed himself to talk like that!

Thankfully, those thoughts didn’t make him STOP peeing. They did, however, bathe his chest in ice while his face lit in flame. The two opposing sensations failed to balance one another out, and he had to fight not to shake from the embarrassment.

He did his best to enjoy the release— It was a nice feeling, and he was glad he’d managed to wake up in time. But, when he was done, he was reluctant to leave the room right away. He took a few extra seconds to splash some water on his face before returning to the bedroom. Bulma had waited right where he’d told her to and, flustered, he looked at the door to leave, not wanting to say anything else.

Bulma noticed his discomfort. “Vegeta, are you okay? Were you able to—“

“Yes,” Vegeta interrupted. “Don’t CHECK on me with— I didn’t mean to say that earlier.”

“Say… What? That you needed to go?”

Vegeta looked away.

“Seriously? With how much you swear, I was just impressed by how politely you managed to phrase that.”

It wasn’t admitting that he had to go that was the issue, not anymore! It was admitting that he was DESPERATE to go!

“Look, I’m kind of glad that you speak up about it sometimes now,” Bulma said. “It makes you sound more confident. And, it’s honestly sort of scary when you DON’T sound confident about something, so try to keep it up.”

He… Sounded confident when he admitted that he was bursting to pee and couldn’t wait much longer? How the Hell could ANYONE sound confident doing that?!

Whatever.

If that was seriously what Bulma thought, then maybe he could allow himself to say such things around her.

ONLY her, though.
