The experiment

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-02 14:38

Hey guys! I really enjoyed writing this one!! Hope you guys enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it!!!

As a writer I’ve done some fantastic work for some truly fantastic people, throughout the years I’ve done work for too business people, written biographies for the rich and famous and for a time I was a speech writer for a head of state. All of which was challenging and rewarding at the same time. Three days ago however I received an unusual opportunity. I was contacted anonymously, at first anyway, I later learned his identity but the opportunity stuck in my mind.

Now, in my younger days I did produce some erotica, it was mostly private and personal but on occasion I did earn some money from it and at the moment, times are hard, so I decided to take up his offer. The offer itself was simple, if I could produce a literary piece involving his particular fetish, in this case something he referred to as Omorashi, and provided it pleases him he would pay me a few thousand pounds.

I had to google what Omo was and I was surprised. It seemed unusual that people enjoyed the feeling of being desperate or wetting themselves but each to their own I guess. Nevertheless I did some more digging and ended up discovering a thriving community, comprising of people from all over the world and from all walks of life. It was definitely a varied community, compromising of everything from bed wetting content to ABDL, it stuck me as quite pleasant.

Personally I can only recall one time I had a genuine accident. I was drunk, very drunk, and being slightly irresponsible I wet myself outside a New York bar. I never thought much of it at the time, I was too drunk to care. Even the next day when I woke to realise I had wet the bed, I thought little of it, it happens, to all of us at some point or another. It did make me think though, was I missing something?

I decided to engage in the community and strike up conversations, my intent was to garner as much information as I could about what it is about this fetish they enjoy so much, how they got into it and if it was as widespread as it appeared. I got my answers, in spades. The people I spoke to were very candid and open and held nothing back, it was truly eye opening.

It was yesterday, a Saturday afternoon, when I decided how I would proceed. I needed to experience this kink for myself, I felt it was the only way to get an accurate representation of what I should be writing about.

It was a pleasant morning in the big apple, it was bright and a very pleasing temperature. The view out my apartment, looking over Central Park never grew old for me. As a Brit living in America I always admire the get up and go attitude I witness day after day. I decided to follow suit.

I got out of bed, made coffee and took a shower, my usual morning routine. I dried myself off and headed to my wardrobe to find the right outfit for my experiment. At this point, I began to feel it was quite a naughty thing to do, it was exhilarating in its own way. After all, I’m a grown woman I should not be wetting myself, certainly not on purpose but that is what I planned to do. I didn’t know what the correct outfit was, I guessed light colours would be best, that way I could see the wetness for myself, I figured that was part of the enjoyment.

I also didn’t want to wear a thong, I mean I love thongs, I wear them a lot, particularly for bed but I just didn’t think that was a great idea. In the end I decided on a pair of light blue jeans, nothing special but I wanted the colour to be right. I wasn’t sure whether to wear socks, in the end I decided I would and chose a cute pink pair with tiny princesses on them as decoration. I decided to forego a top and just wore a bra instead, again bright pink with frills around the cups. For my knickers I went for a pair of royal blue bikini briefs that I like to wear day to day, quite plain but I think they’re cute.

After deciding my outfit I went to the kitchen to drink more coffee and have breakfast. I wanted to feel what it was like to become increasingly desperate and how that would influence my decision making further down the line. I drunk three cups of coffee altogether and I could feel my bladder filling up at quite a fast rate. To take my mind of it, I decided to continue with the Latin course I am enrolled on and gave myself a challenge; each question I get wrong is an extra ten minutes I have to hold. Oh boy.

My first lesson went well, being on an app it’s totally private so I had no worries about other students or teaches. It took approximately ten minutes to finish the first lesson, I congratulated myself. My bladder did not, I was still sipping coffee and I was beginning to squirm a little and becoming uncomfortable. Still, I pressed on with my second lesson. My first question was to translate a sentence from English to Latin, clear headed it’s simple enough, but when bursting for a wee, it’s a lot trickier. The questing itself was; The sister lives in the city, but the brother sleeps at home. Ahhhh ummmm.. Soror in urbe est, sed frater domi dormit… please be right… YES!! First one down, a true relief.

The second and third questions went by without a hitch too, question four however was a different story. The question was; the woman is writing but the father is not writing. The answer should have been femina scribet, sed vir non scribet, but I got muddled and got it wrong. Ten minutes added to my time, not too bad I thought. I was squirming but I still had the situation in control. Problem was, I got three more wrong, bringing my total to forty minutes altogether. “Oh my god” I thought to myself, I cannot wait another forty minutes. I figured I’d piss my pants way before that.

I decided it was no longer safe to sit on my leather office chair without a towel under my ass, just in case. I crossed my legs and tried to concentrate but answering any questions was near impossible. My mind was muddled and I was beginning to tremble. My muscles were beginning to tire and I became hyper aware that I was tensed all over. I kept pressing my hand into my crotch but it felt counter productive, cause each time I did I could feel a slight moisture against my genitals, I guessed it was in my head but upon a visual inspection there was indeed a tiny wet spot. Only 30 minutes to go I told myself. I can do that.

I drank some herbal tea, the coffee had made me thirsty and I figured the tea might help, which it did but it increased my desperation many fold. All of a sudden my squirming turned into bouncing up and down, it seemed to help. I managed to whittle away another ten minutes by bouncing up and down and messaging friends. Twenty minutes left.

I received a call from a friend of mine, I have known him for years, he’s a Professor of Classics at Oxford university. We often spoke and our conversations were deep and varied, it seemed odd that he would call me whilst I was in New York though. Regardless I picked up the call. Turned out he was also in the States, on a working trip. Fundraising for the university. We chatted pleasantly for a few minutes, it helped take my mind of my impending bladder failure. Oh uh.

I felt a leak. A small one but nonetheless, it was the first time my defences had been breached. I continued to chat as normally as I could, albeit with a tingly wetness against my genital and a general feeling of impending failure. We eventually ended the call. It was exhilarating. I was sat there, rocking back and forth, my bladder aching and groaning at me for being a silly girl, with a wet spot in my knickers. I dunno what it was but it was quite a thrill. Something to do with a having a secret I guess? A naughty one at that. Ten minutes left.

My situation was now becoming near impossible. The wetness against my genitals was a persistent reminded of what was going to happen imminently. I simply couldn’t take it anymore. I stood up hoping it would help, but I could barely stand straight. I feared if I did I would wet myself entirely and I would have failed my own challenge. Uh ah. I couldn’t allow that. I was counting the minutes, they seemed more like hours. My thinking was becoming frantic. “It’s coming I can feel it!!”

“It’s just a few minutes, you’re a grown woman you can do it”

“Ignore your wet knickers, it’s all in your head” this is what I was telling myself.

Bing!!

I had a notification. I had a message from a member of the community I mentioned earlier, it was a general inquiring message which I was happy to receive. It was from a female member who wanted to know what I was up to, so I told her, everything about my situation. I explained I had seven minutes left to hold and that I could do it. She asked if I was still dry, I said no and blushed slightly. I was hoping she would tell me that I could go and wet myself now but no, quite the opposite. She said I wasn’t allowed yet, I had to wait ten more minutes, on top of the seven I already had!!! Urghhhhh!!! Also if I leaked again, it would be an extra ten minutes, for EACH leak!!! Oh my god I thought, well I’ve just leaked again. IVE JUST LEAKED!!! I can’t tell her, I can’t do this. Urrgh. I told her I leaked and that the small spot on my knickers was now larger and had covered the gusset. I begged for mercy, I’ll do the ten minutes but I cannot do much more. Please!???

She said no!!! It was twenty extra minutes.

I kept pleading. I even sent her a photo of the growing wetness in my knickers as proof that I could take no more and needed mercy. She once again refused and reiterated twenty minutes. Hfhgygghyvh!! This isn’t possible!!! How do people hold for so long.

Another leak.

I am not telling her. I’m not. I can’t do twenty. I don’t think I can do five. Thirty is out of the question.

The wetness had soaked through into my jeans and a clear wet spot was visible around my crotch area, it was spreading towards my ass too. Spreading… SPREADING!!! I’m loosing it!!! The leaks had turned into a solid trickle. I could take no more, my bladder was failing. The damned herbal tea. I stood up and drops dropped onto the carpet. I leaned back and patted my ass with my right hand to check the damage, it was becoming pretty bad. I was still trickling. I couldn’t stop it. I’d failed!! I tried to fight on. Even as the pee began to trickle down my legs I fought on. I braced every muscle I had. I was trembling uncontrollably and my jeans were becoming heavy. In my humiliation. I stopped fighting.

I waddled to the bathroom, leaving a trail of wee behind me. It was coming down my legs, my socks were beginning to squelch with each step. I could take no more. I stepped into the shower cubicle and I let my muscles relax.

Oh MY GOODNESS!!! Instantly I went from a solid trickle to a downright waterfall. My owe was THUNDERING down my legs and splashing into the ceramic below. I stood frozen. I could only describe it as bliss. Pure bliss. It was my bladder thanking me. I was overcome with euphoria and s certain light headedness. I was still peeing, would be for some time, the feeling it left me with, I don’t think I’ll forget it.

I shook my legs and splish sploshed in my puddle. I squatted down, out of exhaustion, my ass was just above the puddle and almost like a final goodbye, the final contents of my bladder poured through my sodden knickers, through my weighted jeans and into the ceramic. I finished. I stood up. I stepped out the cubicle. I looked at myself in the mirror.

WOW!!! My jeans were covered almost entirely. My crotch was dark, just dark, no blue was left, the innocent taken away by my folly. My ass was dripping wet and I mean dripping. I pulled my jeans down, which was easier said than done given how clingy they had become. My panties seemed beyond saving. I pulled them up, front and back so they sat properly on my waist. They were sodden and when I touched them, pee squeezed out and splashed on the floor. I took a few minutes to admire the view. Almost all the material had became soaked. On the crotch they were wet over halfway up to my waist, round the back it almost touched the WAISTBAND!!

Good grief!!! Ahem. I think I know what I’m writing about now anyway.

Where’s my vibe??

*002*2020-04-02 16:41

{{25 minutes ago, TBN93 said:

One of the best stories I ever read. Wow.

}}

Thank you!! Seeing this comment made me smile

*004*2020-04-02 20:28

{{1 hour ago, Damnation said:

Wow. Just wow. I'm speechless. I was hooked. I didn't only feel it, I was there, I was her. Sucked up into my computer and placed in her body, not any memory of my current life. I'm amazed.

}}

Thank you!! This really made me smile

