The House of Dimir

Author: StormrReaper

*000*2017-11-15 21:56

Part I {no wetting but there will be in later chapters]

Chapter 1 The beginning

Storm looked around. The familiar window, The familiar bed, he was home. safe. He heard the tiny patter of footsteps as his little sister burst through his door. She was a young nine years old. She had blonde hair, and bright green eyes. Here smile radiated an innocent joy at seeing her brother. "Storm, it's Christmas don't you want to.." her mouth was still moving but the words fell silent. Storms eyes grew wide as he saw a figure behind her. Tall, faceless. dressed in all black with a hood up to cover his empty sockets where his eyes belong. The figure moved quickly beheading the young child and holding her head in his hand. A sickle in the other. He drew a smile on his face with the blood. Storm screamed.

Chapter 2 All in a day.

"Wake up" grunted a male voice then feeling a sharp kick in his chest knocking him out of his bed; he awoke to the figure standing over him. His name was Kurotane and he murdered my family. I wiped the sleep out of my eyes and looked at Kurotane. "It's so early, what do you want" I said emotionless there is no way to say how much I hated him. "Get dressed you have a job to do". Kurotane said before walking out of the room. I looked over and saw the familiar black tunic the clothes of an assassin. I quickly dressed then looked in the mirror. I have dark grey hair and blue eyes. My build is muscular but then. I'm an agility type fighter, I lurk in the shadows and strike when the time is right. I am an assassin's apprentice. Kurotane murdered my family so he could steal me and train me. Why? because my father was the leader of the famous house of assassins, Dimir Guild. His magical talents would've passed on to me, so I was valuable.

Sheathing my dual short swords I met with Kurotane in the mess hall to receive my orders.

It's an easy one, You are to kill any citizen who meets the description on the envelop and bring back their eye as proof. If you fail. You die, simple enough. Understand?" Kurotane threw the envelop onto the table before getting up and walking away before I could respond.

I picked up the envelop and nearly puked at what it says.

"just like your sister".

$$

Kinda an image similar to the events of chapter 1.

*003*2017-11-18 18:50

{{On 11/16/2017 at 11:45 PM, guest said:

Huh. Ravnican fanfiction was not something I ever expected to see on this site, and House Dimir, no less. I'd have expected the Izzet League or Rakdos Cult, what with their respective mad-scientist attitudes and sadism, so this ought to be quite interesting indeed.

}}

It is kinda a ravican fanf-fic, it is original characters in their world. sooo not really but kinda

*004*2017-11-18 19:07

Chapter 3. first kill. [brief wetting]

I walked down the busy streets. using my mana to keep myself cloaked in shadows I looked for anyone who met the horrific description. How grotesque of a man was I to murder someone who looked like my sweet, loving, kind, amazing sister. I couldn't believe it! I was about to become a monster. My bladder was aching for relief but, I knew I couldn't return to the guild without the eye. I couldn't go into a shop because, I'd have to break cover.

About an hour of walking around I found her. This young child with beautiful hair and astonishingly bright green eyes was laughing and smiling joyfully wither her friends. I gulped, swallowing the bile that had risen up from my stomach. I used my mana to imitate the voice of her mother "Daughter? Daughter? Come here please, mommy needs to talk to you." I said in a feminine voice. the girl quickly followed the sound of my voice till she was behind a wooden house at the edge of the park. I said a silent prayer to Lord Lozaro. and proceeded to say in her mother voice. "I'm right here, don't you see me?"

"Mommy? I can't find you!" She said with a slight panic to her voice. I closed my eyes and grabbed her head MIND ROT. Black mana spilled from my hand engulfing her face in the hellish energy she opened her mouth to scream. No sounds escaped though as I melted her brain from the inside out. Her body dropped. The deed was done.

I backed up from the young girls corpse and preceeded to vomit. The force of mana required to use MIND ROT made me lose control of my bladder, I looked down feeling the breeze chilling my legs and groin. my leather and cloth tunic was soaked in urine, A small pool was under me. I bent down over her body and pulled out a small dagger. Making incisions along the eyebrow and upper cheek bone I popped her eyeball out and put it into a cloth bag. Taking one last look at her young corpse. I stood up, and headed back to the guild.

This better be worth it.... Kurotane, I'm going to get strong enough to kill you, for my sister, for this little girl, and everyone else you would have me murder.

$$A picture to go with the chapter (best i could find)

*006*2017-11-18 19:49

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great chapter

}}

Thank you

*009*2017-11-20 12:56

2 chapters are in the first part

