Silent Suffering (Sonic Omo)

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2021-02-01 15:48

"Um, Shadow."

"Ah ah! Not another word out of you until we get these damn cuffs off!"

Sonic sighed and continued to follow Shadow through the forest to the black and red hedgehog's house, not that he really had a choice.

The incident had started out normal, with the two of them sparring and racing. Bickering and teasing each other, until out of nowhere, Sonic took it a bit too far and handcuffed them together.

He had done it as a joke, a way to annoy his rival, until he realized he didn't have the key to these cuffs. Luckily, they GUN official cuffs, which Shadow had a key to. How Sonic had gotten a hold of these cuffs, Shadow will never know. He was just glad that he wouldn't have to go through too much trouble to get them off.

"Shadow, I just want to apologize."

"Well I don't wanna hear it. You've gone too far this time, Faker. I mean it. I don't wanna hear another sound from you."

"But,"

"Faker, I swear to Chaos. You've tried my patience enough for today. You keep at it and I'll break your hand off instead of going all the way to my house to get the keys."

That got the blue hedgehog to shut up. Immediately, he shut his mouth and quietly fell in step with his rival. Unfortunately, due to his cursed anatomy, it didn't take much longer for that morning's liquid intake to reach his bladder.

'Oh no, not now.' He thought to himself. He took a silent breath. 'Ok, ok. It's ok. Just tell him you need to go. He'll understand. Right?'

But the moment he opened his mouth, Shadow gave him the most deadliest glare he had ever seen. Sonic gulped and quickly shut his mouth, pinning his ears back a bit. Shadow nodded in satisfaction and continued walking, wishing that they could run without the possibility of pulling on the chain and tripping each other.

Sonic sighed. 'Ok. No worries. It's not that bad yet. You can hold it. How far could his house be?'

…

Unfortunately, Shadow's house was farther than he thought it was.

It had been thirty minutes since he first felt the need to go and they still weren't even out of the forest yet.

At this point, Sonic was really starting to feel it now. He was slowing down a bit, and he would stop every now and then to squeeze his legs together. Shadow took notice and became frustrated.

"Hey, Faker. For the fastest thing alive you sure are slow. Keep up! I wanna get these cuffs off today, hedgehog!"

'The forest. Plenty of places to pee in privacy. Just tell him.'

"Shad, I…"

"I didn't say you could speak."

"But I…"

Suddenly, Shadow spun around so quick it nearly startled Sonic enough to lose control of his bladder. The ebony hedgehog grabbed a hold of the blue one's cuffed hand tightly, bending it backwards, threatening to break it. There was fire of anger and hatred in his red eyes as he glared into Sonic's own green ones.

"I mean it, Faker. I will break this hand if you don't shut the fuck up. We are going to my house to get these off, you are going to be silent on the way there, and afterwards I don't wanna see you for the rest of the week, do I make myself clear?!"

Sonic's ears pinned all the way to his skull and he quickly nodded, genuine fear shining in his eyes.

"Good." Shadow said and let go of his rival's hand before he turned and started walking again.

Sonic shakily followed after him, unsure of how much longer he'll be able to hold his bladder silently.

…

It had been another thirty minutes and Sonic was now squirming. He was trying to keep it to a minimum, but his bladder now felt so full he could lose control at any minute now.

Shadow was starting to lose his patience again. Whatever Sonic was doing behind him it was really slowing him down and it was making the chain of the cuffs rattle.

"Would you knock it off back there?!" He growled at Sonic, not bothering to look back at him.

Suddenly, Shadow's cuffed wrist pulled back. Sonic had stopped. Shadow growled and turned to look at him to give him what for, but at the sight before him, he immediately stopped.

Sonic was standing with his legs crossed tightly, his hands tucked between them as he gripped at his crotch. His whole body was squirming, his ears were pinned to his head, and there were small tears coming from his eyes.

It was very obvious that he had to go.

"Faker, do you have to go?" Shadow asked him regardless.

Sonic looked up at him and nodded.

"How long have you had to?"

"..."

"How long, hedgehog?"

"A-about an hour now."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

More tears welled up in Sonic's eyes as he looked away. Shadow's own ears lowered as he was suddenly overwhelmed by guilt.

"Oh."

"I… I can't hold it anymore, Shadow." Sonic whimpered, feeling himself start to leak. "It… it's coming out."

"Wait, can you hold it just long enough to get to that bush?" Shadow asked him in concern, pointing to a nearby bush. He may not exactly like Sonic, but he didn't want him to humiliate himself by peeing in front of his rival.

"No, I… I can't move." Sonic sobbed. "My body won't move. I.. I can't…"

Suddenly, much to Shadow's shock and Sonic's embarrassment, a golden stream of fluid started to cover Sonic's white gloves and run down his legs, accompanied with a loud hissing sound.

Sonic was wetting himself.

The blue hedgehog sobbed as the urine left his body and puddled onto the forest floor, all in the sight of Shadow.

The ebony hedgehog was overwhelmed with guilt.

It was his fault that his rival was having an accident right in front of him.

If he hadn't been so hard on him. If he had just let him speak, this wouldn't have happened.

At last, Sonic's stream ended. His gloves were soaked, as well as his legs. There was a large puddle of pee surrounding his shoes, his socks also soaked in yellow.

Sonic cried and collapsed to his knees, falling into his own puddled. He was so embarrassed and ashamed. His tears flowed down his face and dripped into the puddle, adding more bodily fluid to it.

Shadow acted quickly and knelt down to him, gently rubbing his shoulder.

"Hey. It's ok. It was an accident. They happen."

"Maybe to kids, but I'm too old to be peeing myself."

"Accidents happen to everybody, no matter what age you are."

"Yeah right. I bet you haven't had an accident once in your life."

"... Actually… I had one just last week."

Sonic's eyes widened and he looked up at Shadow in shock. "You're lying."

"I'm not. You can even ask Rouge. We went out drinking last week and I had a bit too much. On the way home my bladder couldn't handle it and I ended up pissing myself right there on the sidewalk. Luckily it was at night and no one was around, but it still happened."

Sonic lowered his head in thought.

Was Shadow telling the truth? Surely he wouldn't just make up a story of his own humiliation to cheer him up, right?

"You honestly did that?" He had to be sure.

Shadow smiled and gently helped him stand up. "I promise, it's the full truth, Sonic."

Sonic let that sink in a bit before he smiled back. A promise. Shadow did not give those out willy-nilly. He was always serious about his promises, and didn't dish them out unless he was fully intended on keeping them. And the fact that he used his real name? He rarely ever uses his real name, so whenever he did, it was a big deal to him. That made him believe him.

"Thanks, Shadow. I needed that."

"No problem. Now let's get home. We'll get these cuffs off and then you can go ahead and take a shower in my bathroom. And Sonic… next time, if you have to go, don't hesitate to tell me. It's bad for you to hold it, and I'd much rather you tell me than let yourself suffer."

"But what if you don't want me talking to you?"

"Don't worry. I'll never ask you to be silent again. I promise."

