Wet Blanket

Author: Sbones

*000*2022-11-12 18:09

We were in the middle of the argue with my girlfriend Tonya.

- You should've used the bathroom in the park. - gently noted I.

- Are you kidding me? That dirty stinky porta-potty. I would rather pee in the woods. - she replied

- But you didn't.

- There are people around.

- You could have asked me for cover.

- In your dreams, perv - she laughed with disgrace - I won't give you the pleasure.

Tonya was a total downer about omo related stuff. Sometimes she couldn't pee for minutes, being afraid that I could hear her stream running. Let alone peeing in the woods with me around. My GF wasn't a fan of public toilets either, but she eventually accepted it as an inevitable evil. Due to her shyness, she've developed a strong bladder, but a large cup of cofee and cold weather kicked in hard.

Tonya was wearing jeans,pantyhose and a coat. Her hair was fluttering in the cold, snowy wind.

- Fuck, I'm not gonna make it back home. - my girl was wining.

- Relax, you'll be fine.

- I'm serious! Can't you see I'm about to have an accident?! - she started yelling at me. - Do something, for God's sake.

- Okay. Okay. Just calm down. I'll figure something out.

I've said that just to comfort her. Unfortunately there wasn't many restrooms in this part of the city. The closest mall was further than our house. I noticed a bush nearby tall enough to cover my girlfriend.

- Hey you can go in the bushes there.

- Are you kidding me? - she took my statemend as an insult - I AM NOT PEEING OUTSIDE AND FREEZING MY BUTT OFF.

- Fine, have it your way.

We were walking in silence. I was consumed with battle between my compassionate side and the horny one. Its the choice between being eager to help a desperate lady and letting things go their natural way.

Tonya was trying to keep her dignity but heavy breaths and leg shaking gave her away.

To be continued...

*001*2022-11-12 18:38

- Almost there, honey - gently noted I.

- You said the same thing 10 mintues ago. This is ridiculous - she started freaking out.

- We're almost home. I mean it. - comforting her it that state of mind was hell of a task.

- Stop fucking around and find me a bathroom. I'm not going to piss myself for your amusement. Not today!

She dashed into the nearest cafe. I had to keep up.

I heard the loud knocking. Tonya was smashing the "WC" door with her hand.

- Is somebody in? Please, hurry up! - she yelled at the door.

I've never seen her like that before.

- Erm, good day sir. - nerdy voice for the showcase greeted me. - welcome to...

- What's wrong with the toiled door? - my GF interrupted him

- Mhm, you know, this is for customers only, lady. - the cashier objected

- We're your customers then - I replied

- You'll have to order first, I'm sorry, but these are the rules

My girl was red with frustration and fidgeting

- Fine, give me 1 tea

- Exactly what tea, do you want, sir - he sounded like Mr Mackey from south park

- Just give him any tea, for god sake! - Tonya yelled at hime

- Fine, gezz, that will be 1$ for you - he replied

- Sure, give her the key I'll pay up with my card

- Em, sir, our cash register doesn't work today, we can serve you with cash only

- Just give her the fucking key, and I'll return with the money in five minutes - I tried persuading him

- I'm sorry but this is your problem, I'm not gonna get fined again

- Forget it - my GF dragged me out

To be continued...

*002*2022-11-27 08:22

- Could you believe that asshole? - Tonya was ranting as we left the cafe

- Guy's a jerk. - added I - Don't sweat, though, we're almost home

- You've said it, like five time arlready. I swear, you say this one more time and I wi... WHOAAAAA

Tonya slipped on the ice and fell on the ground, slightly sliding forward.

I lend her my hand and she got up. I've noticed a wet patch around her crotch.

- Tonya, your jeans are wet

- OF COURSE THEY ARE. I FELL INTO THE FUCKING SNOW ! - her face was blushing as she yelled at me - Gee, you're such an idiot.

The rest of the road I enjoyed the silence. Staring at my GF's wet butt.

***

- Please,please,please! Baby,please, hurry up ! - Tonya was begging me to open the door faster.

- I'm trying, quit whining !

- You're stalling me on purpose, don't you!? - she was about to cry

- Relax, it's done, honey

Tonya dashed inside. She frantically threw off her coat, and was fighting for freedom with her shoes.

- Baby, just go for it. Forget the shoes!

- I'm not making a mess in our appartment ! - my GF objescted

- Be reasonable, you're shiverning.

Sadly, her natural stubborness had taken over common sense. Tonya bowed to take off the shoe. Suddenly she froze for a second in that position

- Ugh,sss - she grabbed her crothch as the wet spot grew bigger

She managed to stop it, for now. But there was the second shoe. And Tonya had to to the struggle for a second time.

- Oh,shit, argh... - she was swearing as a bigger spurt of pee escaped, leaving some drops on the floor, while she was trying to reach the shoe.

- Almost... there... argh...stop... finally!

Unfortunately it was too late. The floodgates had finally opened. All I had to do is follow the eyes Tonya running to the toilet, as her jeans rapidly darkened with pee.

A couple of seconds late I had her staning still shocked in front of the toilet. Her bottom was soaked but was still heavily leaking with pee.

I've never seen something like that before. It felt like a custom video turned real. I was too excited to hide it, even from her

Tonay was crying, closing her face with hands.

- Hey, its alright, baby. By the way, you are way too sexy looking like that

- SEXY!? - she exploded with fury. - SEXY!? I've had the greates humiliton in my entire life and you're enjoing it?!

- T, relax, I'm trying to comfort you

- Oh really?! - she noticed my boner - No, you've meant that, you fucking animal! You did this on purpose.

- Baby, I'm sorry, shit happened, it's not anybody's fault

- Enough. Don't you dare talk to me or touch me again! I'm going to the shower!

She slammed the door right in front of my face.

- Honey, please, you're upset, chill out.

The door opened for a second and something flew right into my face.

- Here, have fun with these, you fucking perv! - my gf yelled and shut the door again.

" Damn, that was intense" - I thought to myself and picked up her soaked pink panties from the floor

The end.

Feedback, likes and comments would be appreciated

