Our First Bush Pee

Author: SilverstarofRC

*000*2024-06-20 04:02

It was a crisp autumn day - I was at the park with my little cousin Amelia and her parents. I had drove there quickly because apparently Amelia threw a fit because she wanted to see me. I don't know why - I was fresh out of high school, I had a girlfriend, Rebecca, and I had my own apartment. My bladder was full as I had drank a lot of water. Nonetheless, I was playing with Amelia on the play structure, only stopping occasionally to squeeze my thighs together. It wasn't too obvious I had to pee. I guessed we would head back to Amelia's house in about ten minutes. But an hour went by. My small bladder was bursting at this point.

Rebecca had come to join us - she knew I had drank lots of water before I left the apartment. I glanced at Amelia. I could use her to go to the bathroom. Even though her parents were my family, I was too shy to admit I had to pee. I grabbed Amelia's hand and walked towards the bathroom, slightly squeezing my crotch. "Oh, babe, didn't you hear? They closed the bathrooms early today," Rebecca called after me. I stopped dead, whining softly. "O-oh okay..." I hissed through clenched teeth.

Rebecca smirked, enjoying my desperation. Another hour went by. I had tried my best to forget the urge to pee, but it was too much. I sighed. Suddenly, I let out a huge cough. A warm spurt flowed out of me, soaking my panties and running down my legs. I gasped in embarrassment, hoping no one had saw that. Fifteen minutes went by, and now I was full-on potty dancing, crossing and uncrossing my legs, squeezing my crotch with my knees slightly buckled. I was glad I was in a bush- no one could see me there. We were playing hide-and-seek with Amelia. Rebecca was next to me, concern in her eyes. "Baby, I didn't think you had to go this bad.. I'm sorry. " Rebecca murmured. "Hey, its fine, this is just like when we had that lockdown, right? That's when you fell for me." I said. (The lockdown story is another fiction I wrote- go check it out if you want!) Rebecca nodded, wistfullness clouding her concerned gaze.

"Um... maybe we could go in this bush?" She asked awkwardly. "We?" I echoed in surprise. "Uhm.. yeah... I really need to go too," Rebecca whispered. Just then I noticed that she was squeezing her thighs together and holding her crotch. "Okayyyy... lets do it quick before Amelia finds us." I said quickly. We pulled down our panties and shorts and let loose. "Ahhhh.." I said, glancing at Rebecca. Her eyes were closed and her nipples were getting hard with pleasure. I had just noticed she wasn't wearing a bra. She probably did that on purpose, because she usually likes to flirt with me that way. After our long streams were done, we quickly pulled up our shorts. We sighed in relief. That felt good- maybe we should do it again.

THANKS FOR READING!!! Let me know if I should do more like this!!!

