Testing waters for writing commisions!

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2019-03-20 22:55

$$

Hi! My name is Scooby and... well, I like to CALL myself a writer, although it's not like I've written any novels as of yet. Recently, my work has been dramatically cutting my hours, which does two things: I get more free time, but I also have far less money. That being said! I would like to put myself out there and see if anyone was looking for someone who has... decent writing skills to write kinky drabbles. I'm familiar with multiple universes/fandoms, including FFXIV (Which is my life right now, won't lie!) World of Warcraft, RWBY, Fate/apocorypha, and more! I have written drabbles for OCs, as well as canon characters. If you would like to read some of my writing, I will link it below...

Example 1

Example 2

Example 3

Example 4

I haven't figured out exactly what I will be charging, but it won't be excessive. I'm thinkiong 5-10 US dollars flat rate, although I am willing to negotiate. I am comfortable with many themes including both wetting and messing, and as seen in the last example I will do males on a case-by-case basis! Thank you for taking the time to read! ^_^

Also, if this is the wrong place to put this, I apologize, I looked at a bunch of different sections of the forums and couldn't find a better place!

*002*2019-03-21 05:17

{{1 hour ago, Ruromo said:

May take you up on that once you get your prices sorted out :V

}}

I've decided to settle on $5 commisions for now for drabbles. I'll of course be glad to take tips via Kofi

If you feel satisfied with my work! Like I said, I'd be willing to do OC's (Provided I have some information on them) or characters in these universes (Such as NPC's in the FFXIV universe) and welcome suggestions for scenes! The flat rate is mostly because sometimes I can get going on a roll and I don't want to 'crunch' a scene when I know I can provide a detailed one for the same price ^_^

*003*2019-04-07 21:53

Gonna updoot this cuz I realized my sub runs out tomorrow for FFXIV and I don't have the money to pay for it. Hit me up if you want commished drabbles!

*007*2019-04-08 20:44

{{16 hours ago, Night Rain said:

What other anime and video games are you familiar with?

Are you okay with writing about diapers?

}}

As far as anime, I'm familiar with the above mentioned, as well as Citrus, Konosuba and Zombieland Saga! Video games? I'm all over the place, so theres a 50/50 chance I'm familiar setting, at the very least! And I am okay with padding-related scenarios!

{{53 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

Hey buddy!! I might be interested message me whenever you’d like and we could talk about it!

}}

Awesome! Send me a message, and I'll get back to you as soon as I can! ^_^

*009*2019-04-09 00:58

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

How familiar are you with Pokemon?

}}

I've fallen into and out of the fandom since it's inception, and trying to catch up now!

