Amber’s Relaxing Night

Author: Sixty

*000*2023-08-06 11:11

Howdy, I've been lurking on here for a while and finally decided to throw my hat into the ring. I am not a writer I have never written a story before, but I've been thinking of trying my hand at it for a while and so here we are. I wrote this at 4 in the morning after work and only proof read it a few times so please forgive my poor grammar. That being said criticism is welcome and much appreciated and if y'all enjoy it then I might try my hand again.

###

Amber, a 23 year old woman, was just getting off work. She was wearing her uniform, a white blouse, tight blue jeans with plain white panties underneath, and black non-slip sneakers with her brunette hair tied up into a ponytail. Amber was a petite woman at 5 feet even, a chest she often wished was bigger and an ass she was happy could get her the occasional good tip. She was staring up at the night sky from atop a parking garage. Cigarette smoke drifted into the air as she took another drag. The stars… they were bright and beautiful. Perfect for relaxing after a long day at work. Her hair fluttered in the wind as she glanced back into her car to grab a drink. She took the last sip of black coffee, a habit she picked up from working at the diner, and relaxed back into the view of the night sky. Down below were the flickering lights of a busy city. A few minutes went by as she enjoyed the nice view. Suddenly she felt a strong pressure in her bladder and instinctively crossed her legs. 

“Shit” she thought. Memories of work slowly drifted back to her. Amber had put off using the restroom throughout her shift. She tried to lie to herself and say it was the busy diner not giving her enough time but in the back of her mind there was one simple truth. It felt good. For as long as she could remember she had always enjoyed the weirdly nice sensation and pressure of a full bladder. This time however, absorbed in the afterwork view it caught her by surprise. Embarrassed, she quickly uncrossed her legs and looked around, “Good. Nobody saw that.” she thought. A slight blush slowly engulfed her face. She’s always been shy, especially when it comes to… bodily needs. The thought of someone seeing her in an act of blatant desperation sent panic and cringe through Amber’s veins. She took one last look at the beautiful scenery from her vantage point, one sweet drag of her cigarette and got back into her car. “This is bad, I can't make it home. I better find somewhere to stop.” In the safety of her car she quickly crossed her legs as the pressure in her admittedly small bladder finally began to spike. After 20 seconds of struggling the pressure subsided and Amber quickly put her car in drive in search of relief.

“What the fuck another red light” Amber said to herself as she sat idly in her car waiting slowly for the traffic light to turn green. As she waited the pressure in her bladder which had been steadily growing throughout her 30 minute drive spiked yet again. A moan escaped Amber’s lips as she quickly squeezed her thighs together. This time it wasn’t enough. The coffee from her long day was trickling into her bladder and she was forced to put her left hand in between her legs and squeeze her crotch. With the added help she was able to make it through the light dry, but taking her hand out of her lap to keep on driving was pure agony. Driving slowly to avoid bumps Amber made her way to the closest store. Her mind constantly on the growing pressure between her legs. Not paying attention Amber almost missed the car in front of her slamming the brakes, reacting just in time Amber managed to slam her own brakes and come to a halt. 

As the seat belt dug into her bladder an intense pain engulfed Amber, quickly she slammed her thighs together and dug one hand deep between her legs but it wasn’t enough. A small quick spurt escaped her. With a gasp Amber tried to stop the leak and after a few moments managed to stem the flow. She felt the warm liquid seep into her panties and the intense relief almost spelled the end for her dry jeans, but she managed to hold on. Stealing a glance at her lap she was relieved to find that it hadn’t soaked through to the front of her jeans. But she could feel her soaked panties clinging warmly to her and knew that another spurt would show on her for the moment dry jeans. At first the damp warmth had felt good against her skin but as it cooled it only added to her desperation. Showing her body how easy it would be to just let go and teasing it with the constant wetness. A reminder that despite letting out just a quick spurt she still had an ocean waiting to be released.

“Fuuuuck” Amber whined as yet another wave pushed against her urethra. “Almost there, almost there, almost there! I can’t fucking wet myself girls my age don’t wet themselves!” Despite what she said Amber was beginning to have doubts. As she turned into the parking lot of a local grocery chain another wave crashed against her tightly closed thighs. A desperate moan again left Amber's lips as she parked the car and pushed her hands deep between her legs. Even with the added support there was nothing Amber could do to prevent another, longer, spurt from rewarming her already soaked panties. 

This time however, Amber could feel the warm wetness slowly wet her hands. Tensing up every muscle she could she finally managed to stop the slow trickle leaving her body. “Fuck this is bad.” Amber thought to herself dreading looking down to assess the damage. Slowly Amber removed her hand and looked down at her lap. A small baseball size wet patch adorned the crotch of her tight jeans. As the piss that pooled in her lap slowly leaked down into her seat Amber could feel she had a sizable wet spot on her ass as well. As the warmth slowly faded from her jeans it was replaced by an intense burning in her cheeks as her face flushed red. “Oh my God… this can’t be happening.” The realization that she was slowly wetting herself was finally setting in. While her bladder was still burning inside her the wetness between her legs and now visibly on her jeans embarrassed Amber immensely.

Slowly after fighting a losing battle against her bladder Amber mustered up the courage to open her car door and hobble over to the restroom inside the store. The first step would be Amber's greatest hurdle. As she swung her leg out of the car slowly she could feel another wave of desperation about to hit and as her foot hit the ground jostling her delicate bladder she felt herself lose control once again. Hand buried in her crotch Amber couldn’t prevent another small leak from escaping her bladder and joining in with the warm pee already adorning the crotch of her jeans. She watched as the baseball sized wet patch on her jeans slowly expanded by a few inches and worked its way towards her thigh. Cheeks bright with shame Amber slowly walked to the door, thighs tightly squeezed together and a hand buried into her crotch. She had no other choice if she removed her hand the dam would burst. She absolutely could not let that happen girl’s simply do not wet their pants at her age.

Finally reaching door Amber was in crisis mode. The pressure in her bladder was well past the “pleasurable” phase and was simply painful. Every little bounce or movement she made almost forced more pee into her slightly wet blue jeans. “Awww damn it!” Amber whined “I can’t believe I’m dancing around pissing my pants like a little girl.” Flushed with embarrassment Amber reached out her hand to open the door -*clang*- the sound of a door banging against a lock was the only sound Amber heard. “No no no this can’t be happening.” Amber said aloud as panic slowly set in. The Pressure in her bladder spiked as the realization that she pulled into a closed store set in. So close to relief she wasn’t prepared to have to find another place to relieve herself. The spike in pressure forced Amber to dig her fingers into her pussy and jump around on the spot in an attempt to keep her pee inside. Suddenly against Amber’s will her aching bladder gave up and forcefully pushed her piss through her soaked panties and into her blue jeans. Stunned Amber felt the warm liquid being forced out of her soak into her jeans. With tears in her eyes she stopped trying to fight it and let the angelic relief flood through her body. Amber looked down watching as the crotch of her jeans started to glisten with all the pee being forced through them.

The glistening wetness blossomed across her crotch and quickly started making its way down her thigh soaking the denim as it flowed down her leg, over her knee, and out the hem of her jeans. The piss quickly filled up her black sneakers and a puddle began to form around her as hours of pent up urine kept flooding down her jeans. 2 minutes went by as Amber enjoyed the relief of finally letting go of the flood, her jeans absolutely soaked. While the last trickles of pee slowly made its way down her soaked legs and into the massive puddle on the now darkened pavement Amber was finally able to take in her mess. Hesitantly Amber looked down to assess the damage. The entire crotch of her jeans had a massive wet patch where her pee had soaked into the fabric. This patch had worked its way down her legs leaving nothing behind but a few dry spots of fabric in an ocean of piss soaked clothing. While she didn’t have it in her to look Amber could feel that the pee had worked its way up her ass and all down her backside. There was nothing she could do at 23 years old she had just desperately wet her pants like a little girl, unable to hold it until she could make it to the restroom. “Fuck I… I just wet myself, I completely pissed my jeans” Amber spoke to herself in shock, her face somehow managing to turn an even deeper shape of red. However, in the back of her mind she was wondering “Why did it feel so good? Why do I enjoy the warm feeling of my sticky pee soaked jeans clinging to my body? Is something wrong with me?” Thoroughly ashamed of wetting herself Amber dug into her back pocket. Pulling out a now crushed slightly wet at the bottom pack of Camel’s. She lit another Cigarette. Inhaling slowly Amber allowed the buzz of nicotine to wash away some of the stress created by the puddle she was still standing in. As Amber finished her cigarette and the last of her pee finished dripping off the cuffs of her jeans she slowly walked to her car, started the engine, and drove off on her wet car ride home. When she got back to her apartment she walked head down through the parking lot avoiding looking in the direction of people as she heard her shoes squelching with each step she took. Finally getting inside she took one last look at her wet clothes in the mirror, peeled them off and took a hot shower being left to ponder just why… Why did the sensation of her filling bladder and the euphoric release of peeing her jeans feel so shamefully good?

