The adventures of sunny and pals. (An omori fanfic)

Author: splatman55

*001*2022-12-29 06:12

So I finally found some free time and decided I would update this.

The same spoilers from chapter 1 apply.

Chapter 2: basil's house.

It was day like any other in faraway town. The gang had just arrived at basil's house.

As kel knocked on the door basil answered it.

Once basil did he stood there for a moment thinking what to say.

"H-hello..." Basil muttered.

Basil motioned everyone in and they all got situated.

"So uh... How is everyone?" Basil asked while fidgeting slightly.

"I'm pretty good." Kel responded.

"Things are alright I guess." Hero responded.

Sunny did not reply.

"Me and Aubrey are gonna do so many things soon!" Mari exclaimed, not even trying to hide her excitement.

"Th-that's good..." Basil said.

"Why didn't I pee before everyone got here??" Basil asked himself in his head.

Kel tried messing around with his tv but he couldn't get it to do anything.

"How do you turn on your tv?" Kel asked.

"Oh! I uh...." Basil was started by kel's question.

"I'll go get the remote..." Basil finally managed to reply.

Basil went off looking for the remote.

But he couldn't help but now hold his crotch.

Aubrey whipped out a card game and called everyone over.

Everyone came over, except basil.

Basil eventually found the remote.

While walking back he jammed his hand in his crotch. He didn't want to use the bathroom since he knew his friends were waiting on him.

He eventually made it back but still held his crotch discreetly.

"Oh hey basil! You're back! Did you want to play this card game with us?" Mari asked.

"Yeah... Th-that sounds like fun." Basil replied.

As he sat down his desperation became 1000 times worse.

Sunny observed basil.

Basil became uncomfortable.

"Wh-what are you doing sunny?" Basil asked while firmly squeezing his crotch.

He noticed that not only sunny but everybody was observing him.

"Basil? Is something wrong?" Aubrey asked.

"If there is you can just tell us." Hero reassured basil.

"I uh... I uh..." Basil could barely concentrate on his words.

Basil stood up but leaked in his underwear a little.

Basil let out a small shriek.

"I have to pee." Basil finally admitted.

He stood in an odd stance with his hands firmly lodged in-between his legs.

"Basil? How long have you been holding it for?" Mari asked.

Basil slowly walked to his bathroom to avoid leaking.

But even that didn't help.

His floodgates slowly opened more and more.

Until he could no longer contain the gold flood.

He wet himself in front of his friends.

Aubrey and kel became disgusted.

Mari and hero comforted basil.

After basil changed everybody watched TV and then headed home.

That's the end of the first chapter.

