Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*008*2022-02-10 17:49

This was supposed to have just been a quick trip to the grocery store. Adam and Alex had gotten all of their stuff easily, check-out had been moving fast, and there was no issue leaving the parking lot. After that, it should have taken them about ten minutes to get back home.

It should have.

But that wasn’t what happened.

Instead, what happened was a massive traffic jam caused by a wreck, and they were trapped on an overpass. And, of course, neither of them had been aware enough of their bladders back at the grocery store to think it may have been a good idea to relieve themselves THERE before heading home.

Adam drummed his fingers against the steering wheel anxiously, muttering to himself. Alex, whom had spent the last several minutes bouncing his knees and trying not to feel too frightened by the debris from the wreck he could see, asked Adam if he was alright.

“I’m fine,” Adam said. “Just gotta pee.”

Alex nodded, “Me too,” he admitted. “I kind of had to at the store, but I thought we’d be going straight home…” He allowed his legs to cross at the ankles. “I should have gone before we left…”

Adam had had a feeling Alex was getting as antsy as he was. It was kind of weird, but it seemed like their bladders both operated on the same ‘schedule’ and they tended to need to go at the same time as one another pretty often. And, sometimes, that meant they couldn’t really wait on each other to finish up. It wasn’t uncommon for them to return home from somewhere, both dying of desperation and deciding to just go together so neither had to suffer an extra couple minutes. Sometimes, they even woke up in the middle of the night at about the exact same time to go. Adam was admittedly a little fascinated by how in sync their bodies seemed to be in this regard. It was funny that they managed to simultaneously reach the bursting point so often.

He couldn’t spend too much time thinking about that now, though. It would probably be for the best that he didn’t think about peeing at all if he could help it. Now that he’d confessed his need to Alex, Adam squirmed freely, his hips twisting back and forth and one foot tapping frantically. A few times, he’d been desperate enough for a piss while driving that he’d had to pull over, jump from the car, and release his flood on the side of the road.

But, every time he’d resorted to that, he’d been on a barren road, with no witnesses, and plenty of foliage to hide behind. This time he was on a very crowded overpass, no way he could relieve himself here without everyone around him seeing what he was doing.

And, it wasn’t like he had to go THAT bad, anyway. He could still hold it. He was just a little uncomfortable was all. And the boredom of being stuck in a car with wall to wall traffic was making it hard to think about anything other than how good peeing was going to feel when he got home.

The cars ahead of them moved at a snail’s pace. After a while, Adam looked to his side and saw that Alex was beginning to really struggle. He was changing his position over and over again and seemed to be wrestling with his seatbelt, trying to find a way to keep it from pressing into his bladder. His face was tinged pink and his breathing was much heavier than it usually was.

Alex noticed Adam watching him squirm and tried to stop as heat swarmed through his veins. “S—Sorry,” he said.

“Why are you apologizing?” Adam asked, his ankles starting to rub up against each other. “I’m doing a pee-dance too.” He tried to laugh to lighten the mood, but cut himself off to hiss through his teeth when his bladder began to feel like it was squeezing in on itself.

Alex stopped trying to restrain his motions. Not that he really could, anyway. He was mentally kicking himself for not peeing at the store. He wished so much that he had. Just the knowledge that he could have gone a little while ago and had passed up the opportunity was making his need worse. He scissored his legs quickly, fingernails digging into the edge of his seat as he puffed out short, choppy breaths.

Adam was growing very concerned by how much discomfort his partner was obviously feeling. His need to protect Alex almost outweighed even his need to release a long, hard stream of piss. He noticed Alex take his belt apart and unbutton his shorts. He heard him sigh as the release of that pressure brought him a little bit of relief, but within a moment he was back to his heavy, panicked breathing.

Adam’s hand worked on its own volition to open the glove compartment. There HAD to be some kind of container in there, surely. He’d have to help Alex get himself into a good position to make use of one, but he knew from past experience that it was possible to use an STP to fill a bottle while stuck in traffic. Adam’s own bladder throbbed with pounding anticipation as the glove compartment popped open, his own need slamming back into him full-force. Maybe there would be TWO bottles in here, that way HE could go too!

That was an empty hope, though. There weren’t two bottles. There wasn’t even one bottle. There was absolutely nothing of use, nothing that could hold any liquid.

Alex hadn’t needed to be told what Adam was looking for, and his heart sank when he saw there were no potential emergency urinals in the car. Because, if there was one thing Alex was having by that point, it was a total emergency. His sphincters felt like an old, worn out wall that was beginning to split and fill with cracks. Against his will, a low, whimpering moan tore through his throat and he doubled over on himself. They’d been stuck in the same place for so long and hadn’t moved at all!

Adam’s legs were now twisted up in the most agonizingly tight bow he could manage. He swore he was cutting off all the blood flow to his feet just in an effort to keep the car from transforming into a swimming pool. When he heard Alex make that noise, however, his instincts took over. Alex was obviously panicking, and he needed to be taken care of. “It’s okay, sweet thing,” Adam said, fighting to keep his voice soft and soothing as the pain in his midsection kept forcing it to crack and squeak.

“Adam, I have to use the restroom really bad…” Alex said softly, miserably.

“I know…” Adam twitchily placed a hand onto Alex’s thigh and began to rub. He hoped the pattern was soothing for Alex, but his hand was so clammy and shaky that he knew it probably wasn’t helping much. “I know… It’s alright.”

Alex suddenly got very still, before bouncing rapidly in his seat for several seconds. “Oooh—!”

Adam assumed he must have just leaked a bit, so continued trying to calm him. “It’s alright,” he repeated. “We’ll be home before you know it. We’ll park, go right up the stairs to our apartment, and then we’ll go together, alright? We’ll both make it just fine,” Adam assured, hoping his mouth wasn’t writing checks that his bladder wouldn’t be able to catch. He was trying so hard to look relaxed and in control in front of Alex to keep him from panicking too much, but he was having a harder and harder time projecting an air of calm confidence when he could feel his bladder stretching further than a bladder should ever be expected to stretch.

Truth be told, Adam had zero clue how he was going to keep containing himself if traffic remained at a complete lockdown like this much longer. He had zero clue how he was going to drive when he couldn’t uncross his legs long enough to work the pedals. He had zero clue how he was going to climb the stairs to their apartment without turning them into a waterslide. He had zero clue how he was going to make it to their bathroom and unzip before the pressure overwhelmed him and he transformed into an incredibly powerful sprinkler.

But, Alex didn’t need to hear Adam whimper and moan that he couldn’t possibly hold it. Alex needed to hear that he could make it, that they could both make it. “It will be oka—“

“Adam, what if I go in the car?!” Alex interrupted, and Adam saw his face beginning to turn almost deathly pale as his eyes widened tremendously. The pink tint of his embarrassment was gone from his cheeks. All the color was.

Adam was worried now that Alex was making himself sick trying to hold so much in. “You’re not going t—“

“But, what if I do?”

“Don’t worr—“

“Adam, please? I have to know!”

“If you have an accident,” Adam said, a hand reaching up to grip and tug on his bangs as waves of desperation surged through him at the thought. “We will clean it up. That’s all. I won’t be mad at you, you won’t break anything, you’ll be okay.”

“O—Okay,” Alex tried to nod, but his body was spasming and vibrating so much that it was hard to tell. He felt like his bladder was being strangled, like someone was trying to twist it like a soaked towel and wring out every last bit of liquid contained within it. Fantasies began to fill his mind’s eye as he started to lose the ability to think of anything other than urinating. He wanted to pee, just for a second. Just one second where he could let it flow and didn’t have to keep straining his muscles. Just one. But, he knew that if he allowed himself to leak a few drops, rather than taking the edge off of his need, it would just make it all the harder to hold.

Beside him, Adam’s hands firmly planted themselves between his still squirming legs. He’d leaked already, and was trying to plug up the opening of his prosthetic to keep it from seeping all the way into his clothes. He squeezed his eyes tightly shut, trying not to conjure up images of toilets or urinals in his mind, trying not to picture how his powerful, clear stream would look when it blasted out of him. He leaked again and let go of himself, urine trickling warmly against the material of his boxers. He pressed himself against the back of his seat, staring up at the ceiling of the car’s interior, knees bouncing and legs twisting as he chewed hard on his lip. He tasted blood on his tongue, but the cut he’d given himself was nowhere near as painful as the horrific pressure in his bladder.

“I can hold it…” Alex softly whimpered to himself. “I can hold it, I can hold it, I can hold it…” He was hoping that if he repeated the phrase enough times, he’d start to actually believe it. It wasn’t working though. It felt like his skin ought to have been splitting apart, it really did feel like something inside him was being torn open, seams loosening and breaking. “I can hold, I can hold it, I can hold it…”

Adam was muttering too, but he was speaking to the horrendous block of traffic separating him and his boyfriend from badly longed-for relief. “Come on…” he begged the wall to wall cars in front of him. “Come on, come on… Please move, please…” He was still dreading how he was going to have to retain control of his contorting legs long enough to work the pedals and get them both home. Sweat was pouring off of him in waves, and he hoped that meant there wouldn’t be any more liquid added to his bladder. Just one more drop and he’d explode, he was certain of it.

Adam tried not to pay attention to Alex’s whispered pleading with his body, his feeble attempts to convince it to keep waiting. It made Adam feel so awful for him. It was horrible to watch Alex suffering so much agony, watch him need something so badly, and have no way to help him out. No way to make him feel better. Again, Adam shakily set a hand on Alex’s thigh and stroked circles around it. “You’re okay,” he said.

Adam wasn’t sure how much longer he could lie to Alex like that. He knew Alex wasn’t okay. HE wasn’t okay himself. “It’s alright,” Adam said, knowing that wasn’t true either. The situation was so horrid, both of them so desperate for the toilet they could barely breathe and with no idea of when they’d be able to use one. “O—Once it clears, I think there’s a gas station between here and the apartment. We can stop there, it will be faster.”

Alex seemed to show a faint glimmer of hope then. “Is it close?”

“Yes, I think it’s just a block away,” Adam said. “We’ll go there.”

“Wh—What if it’s closed?”

Adam didn’t think it would be, but he replied “We’ll go behind the dumpsters then.”

“I—Is that allowed?”

‘Well, no. Not really,” Adam thought. But, what he said was; “Yes, it’s okay to pee behind a dumpster when it’s an emergency. And there’s no reason the gas station would be closed anyway, so don’t worry about that.”

Adam kept rubbing Alex’s leg and, slowly, the hope Alex had been feeling when Adam suggested stopping at the gas station dwindled away. Traffic still wasn’t moving. The gas station couldn’t help them if they couldn’t ever manage to get to it. “I can hold it…” Alex said to himself again, the phrase sounding less and less truthful the more times he repeated it. “I can hold it, I can hold it, I can hold it…”

Inside his head, Adam was trying to convince himself of the same thing, trying to convince himself that BOTH of them could hold it however long this took, but his pelvic muscles were so worn out, exhausted. His sphincters felt like a worn out rubber band that had lost all of its elasticity. He could barely believe he was even still holding on. It hurt so much that he knew he was probably causing some sort of damage to himself by continuing to keep all this fluid at bay. If nothing else, he was sure he’d feel horribly sore in that area come tomorrow.

Adam suddenly felt slick warmth beneath the hand he’d been pressing against Alex’s thigh. Even though his only thoughts for the last hour and a half had been about pee, he was still confused by the sensation for a second. Then it clicked. Alex was going. His legs were beginning to get drenched as urine pulsed angrily from his burst, overtaxed bladder.

It took Alex a second to realize what had happened as well. He was still chanting his mantra to himself “I can hold it, I can hold it, I can hold it,” not noticing that his body had already disagreed with the statement. What he noticed first was the absence of the tight, painful pressure right at his opening. It was suddenly gone, even though his bladder still felt uncomfortably full. Then, he noticed the pressure had been replaced by swishing heat and the sensation of something deflating and shrinking in his center. Then, it all registered to him; He was peeing. He was peeing uncontrollably into his clothes in his cool boyfriend’s car!

Tears welled up in his eyes then and quickly spilled down his cheeks as he began to cry. He could no more stop his sobbing than he could stop his accident.

“Alex,” Adam said. “Hey, no, don’t cry!” he pleaded, so overcome by the need to tend to Alex, to comfort him, that he didn’t notice the sudden drop in pressure taking place in his own body. “It’s okay, it’s okay!”

“It’s not,” Alex insisted throatily, still shamefully peeing away. He could hear it hissing so loudly, he could feel it pooling hot underneath his body and soaking the seat. “I— I—“

“It’s okay,” Adam said once more, scooting closer, and only then did he register the warm liquid gushing between his own legs. He glanced down and saw how wet his shorts were, judging by the amount, he knew he must have been peeing for quite some time already… “L—Look, I couldn’t wait anymore either.” He gestured to his rapidly soaking clothes. It felt very weird to be directing someone’s attention to his crotch while he was releasing his bladder. It felt especially weird to be doing that while he was releasing his bladder into his shorts and not a toilet, urinal or anything else that could reasonably be considered a proper place to relieve oneself.

Alex saw how drenched Adam was getting and his crying began to die down, “A—Are you okay?” he sniffled.

“I’ll live,” Adam said, noticing how Alex was still trembling, a few more tears sliding down is face. Adam took Alex’s hand and squeezed it. This was certainly a first. He’d never held hands with someone while taking a leak before, especially not an accident… “It’s okay.”

Alex squeezed back, his bladder still dumping out what must have been gallons of pee… He was stunned by the amount. No wonder it had hurt so bad… And what a relief it was to— “Ohhh,” Alex moaned. “Why does this have to feel good?!”

Adam snorted out a laugh and realized that Alex was right. This DID feel good. It felt really, REALLY good! Adam had needed to let this flow so much, the pain had been so intense… Giving in and letting his body do what it had to do felt absolutely wonderful. “We… Really needed to do this,” he said. “Of course it feels good.” He almost didn’t want it to end… The relief of urinating after so long, the feeling of Alex’s hand in his own… It was nice.

And he knew that after it was over, it was certainly going to feel a lot less nice.

Alex let his eyes drift shut. He tried to forget that he was in the car, he tried to forget that he was making an awful mess and had lost control over his body. He tried to just focus on how he was peeing, and on how incredible the release felt. All that fullness and all that fluid, the horrible, aching stretch numbing away to be replaced by delightful tingling… He started to shiver and knew that meant he was nearly done. Wow, that had been a lot…

Adam’s stream began to taper off as well and reality crept back in. He was going to have to sit in this now. He was going to have to sit in smelly, wet clothes in a smelly, wet seat for however long it took to get home. Already, his urine was cooling down and making the material in his boxers and shorts cling uncomfortably to his skin.

Alex shifted around, at long last empty. “I’m… I’m so sorry,” he said. “The car…”

“I already told you I wouldn’t be mad,” Adam said. “I know you didn’t want to do that. You didn’t have a choice, you were hurting yourself.”

“I’m sorry…” Alex repeated.

“Don’t be,” Adam said. “I did it too. We couldn’t help it. You know, the only reason your body makes you have an accident is to protect itself from damage. You hold too much for too long and you could get sick, when you have an accident that’s just your body trying to stay safe. It’s okay.”

“But—“

“I care a LOT more about your health than I do about the car,” Adam said. “I don’t even really like this car that much, I’ve been wanting to replace it with an electric one.”

“You’re gonna replace it just because I— Because we—“

“No,” Adam laughed. “I’m not going to be able to replace it any time soon, I’m just saying it’s not THAT important. Better we have to clean off the car a bit than we get sick, right?”

“I—I guess,” Alex said. He squirmed again. “I want to shower…”

“I do too,” Adam agreed. “Want to do that together?”

Alex felt himself growing warm all over again. “Uh—Um… Y—Yes, please…”

“Awww, there’s a smile!”
