Good neighbors

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2022-04-02 20:03

I - Jane is my name

Jane is my name, and I'm as average as average can be. I weigh 150 pounds and have an athletic build. I'm 24 years old. My hair is brown and I grow it long. People tell me my green eyes are pretty. I like to wear cute clothes. Normal stuff.

What's not normal is... well, there's no point in being shy about it, as long as it's just you and me here. Not like anyone's gonna overhear us.

Still, it feels weird because I've never told anyone.

What's not normal is that I like to watch other women when they need to pee.

It's not weird that it's women -- I'm gay, so that's expected. But I'm the only person I know who sees going to the bathroom as anything interesting. Every time I see a woman go, I wonder how urgent her need is, and I get all turned on. Especially when it's someone who doesn't go that often. Because it's like, wow, she must need to pee pretty badly if she's finally actually dropping what she's doing so she can go. Obviously she doesn't go when it's not urgent, or otherwise she'd be going way more often. Even hearing a toilet flush can be enough to get me going, because it means someone was needing to pee just moments before, which is HOT.

Heh. Hope I'm not weirding you out.

Let me tell you about my neighbors. They're a lesbian couple who've been dating for five years and living next door for almost two years. Their names are Nicole and Ae-Cha. Nicole is tall and thin with an almost flat chest, and deep eyes. Ae-Cha is short and thick -- her chest is definitely not flat -- and has round cheeks and small eyes. Nicole is from around here, and Ae-Cha moved here from Korea right after she finished high school. She met Nicole soon after, and the two have been dating ever since.

(I wish I could just stumble into a hot Korean girl and start dating her...)

Anyway. These two women have the biggest. Bladders. I have ever. Seen. They mentioned early on that they didn't use public bathrooms out of a concern for cleanliness, but it took me a while to realize how serious they were about it. We've been getting dinner once or twice a week and going on all-day outings every month for the entire time we've known each other, and I have NEVER seen either of them use one. Once we did both in the same day, dinner right after an all-day outing with no break in between, and even then they didn't go. I've got a pretty decent bladder myself, and I sort of also enjoy holding it, and at that point, even I needed to pee badly enough that I had to excuse myself from the table so I could go.

And you know what makes it even weirder? Since they're my neighbors, I can actually hear their toilet flush from my apartment. It's right on the other side of a wall, so the sound is super loud and clear. And you know what?

I never fucking do!

Basically ever!

They must be the most pee-shy couple who've ever lived. I hear their toilet flush MAYBE twice a week. I swear they're saving it up over multiple bathroom trips and flushing it when they think I'm not home. Because nobody can hold it for that long. Right?

Anyway, that's actually what got me thinking about this stuff just now. I heard their toilet flush a few minutes ago, and now I'm fantasizing about it. Was it Ae-Cha who peed, having finally given in and gone after ignoring her pee all day? It's evening right now, that would make for quite the full bladder. Or was it Nicole? I think I just heard her get back from a late-night errand. Was she holding it the whole time? Perhaps regretting that she hadn't peed before she left, wishing she could bring herself to go in public?

Or was it both of them who peed? Is that a tactic they use to avoid flushing too often, taking their bathroom breaks together to seem like they only pee half as often as they do?

God I'm horny. Sorry. I just... phew. I really wanna see these two hit their limit sometime. They're such tanks. I need to know what it would take to make them burst open.

Oh, I just heard a knock. Let me go see who it is.

...well, speak of the devil. Excuse me for a minute while I talk to them.

II - Eviction notice

"Hey."

"Hey Jane..."

It was Nicole talking, and Ae-Cha was there too, staring at her shoes like she always does. I could see something was on both of their minds, which sort of worried me, because they're normally both pretty unflappable.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

Ae-Cha looked at Nicole, and Nicole looked at the ground. "Um," she said. "We actually just got evicted..."

I was dumbstruck. Evicted? These two? Maybe I didn't give a very clear picture earlier because I was focusing so hard on their bladders, but these women are two of the nicest people I've ever met. I can't imagine why they could have been evicted. Hold on, gotta listen.

"...was slipped under our door some time last night. It said... that we had until tomorrow to get out. I know this is crazy, but I don't think we have anywhere else to go. Do you think... and I'm sorry to even ask, but... do you think we could crash at your place for a few nights until we find somewhere else to go?"

Okay, I missed some of what she said, but it sounds like I got the gist.

"Holy cow," I said. "Uh, yes, come in." They came in, and I closed the door behind them. "Uh, I mean, you're still gonna be in the same building if you stay here. Do you think that'll be okay?"

Nicole shrugged. "Maybe? I don't think anyone saw us come over here. We could just... pretend we left."

I shrugged. Who was I kick them out? They needed a place to stay.

"Yeah," I said. "I won't tell anyone." It was pretty late in the evening at this point, so I was getting tired. My couch was a futon, so I pulled it out and said "Hey, I was just about to go to bed when you two arrived. There's blankets in that closet right there. How about we all get some rest and catch up in the morning?"

Nicole nodded. "Thank you, Jane."

Ae-Cha nodded too, and quietly said "Thank you."

I turned out the living room ceiling light, leaving them in just the light of the lamp next to the couch, and then started to leave the room. But as I got to my bedroom door, I suddenly had an idea. I turned back around and spoke to them again.

"Hey, guys?"

They looked up at me.

"Just a quick note, uh, I don't think this will be much of an issue since I know you guys, like, have really big bladders, but uh, I have a thing with cleanliness. I'm not sure if I ever told you this, but um, I don't really like it when other people use my bathroom. It's just a little quirk I have. So while you guys are here, just... be sure not to use it, okay?"

My heart was pounding in my chest as I choked out the last few words. I'd never done anything so bold before. I kinda couldn't believe myself. But it was too late to go back now, so I just looked at them and waited to see what they'd say. Ae-Cha looked at Nicole, and Nicole looked back at her, and they looked like they were having some kind of silent conversation just with their eyes. Finally they nodded to one another, and Nicole looked back to me and said "That's fine, we won't use your bathroom while we're here."

I resisted the urge to wipe sweat drops from my forehead, and gave them a thumbs up. "Thanks guys, you're the best," I said, before turning back around and heading into my bedroom, closing the door behind me.

III - The near future

HOLY SHIT!!!

I know I said I was about to go to sleep but HOLY FUCK is there ever no chance of that right now. I'll be lucky if I sleep at all tonight. My heart is POUNDING. Did you hear what Nicole said?? That they could agree to not use my bathroom for the ENTIRE TIME they're here? Even though they already don't use public bathrooms? They'll just fucking bottle it up and HOLD IT??

Ohhhh god. Ohh. My. Actual. Lord. This is GOOD stuff.

Holy shit dude, I just... I can't. This is too good. I have to be dreaming.

How long do you think they're going to stay? Two days? Three?? A week??? What the hell are they going to do??

Okay, okay, breathe, it's not THAT exciting. They'll almost certainly just give in and go on an outing to use a public bathroom. Or if not, then they'll break down sometime tomorrow afternoon or tomorrow evening, or maaaybe the morning after that, and then they'll have to use my bathroom. I'll get to see them needing to pee once, probably really badly, it'll be super hot, and then from then on, things will just be normal.

Still, that's exciting.

Okay, you've prolly heard enough outta me, I'm gonna shut up now and try to actually, y'know, get some sleep. I know I said I wouldn't be able to but I think I've calmed down a bit, so.

See you in the morning.

IV - First day

So, I didn't exactly go directly to bed last night. I might have stayed up... doing something... for a while first. Anyway, I'm less horny now.

I've never been much of a talker. You might not have guessed that from the way I'm talking to you, but I mean in real life. I'm just not that extraverted. So in the morning, I just kind of went out to the kitchen, said good morning to Nicole and Ae-Cha, made myself breakfast, and then went back into my room to eat it. Same as I always do when they're not here. Well, except for one difference, which is that 50% of my mind was dedicated to the task of constantly wondering if they needed to pee yet.

And now a word from that half of my mind.

Um.

I'm pretty sure they definitely need to pee by now. I don't know how badly, but like, they got here ten hours ago. That's enough time to make anyone need to pee. I certainly peed when I woke up, and if I hadn't, I'd be in a bit of a "situation" by now. And it's longer than any of our outings have been by a fair bit. So if they don't need to pee, color me impressed.

Wait a minute, what am I thinking?? I need to make those two breakfast!!

I walked out to the kitchen again, passing through the living room on my way. Nicole and Ae-Cha were cuddled up on the sofa, looking at a laptop together, and probably starving out of their minds, poor things. If there's one thing I know about them (besides their crazy bladders) it's that they're far too polite to bother me for food if I don't offer it first, and they would never dream of just taking it from the fridge. That politeness is also probably why they agreed to my absurd and hilariously out-of-line request that they not use my bathroom while they're here. So anyway, I'm glad I realized that before one of them fainted from hunger.

But hey, you know what this means? It means I get to choose what they eat, or more accurately, what they drink. If they're polite enough to hold their piss for me, they're polite enough to drink anything I serve them, which means their bladders are entirely at my mercy. Checkmate, cuties.

I called out to them from the kitchen and asked if they wanted some eggs. They said they would love some eggs, so I fired up the stove and made them some while we chatted. I desperately wanted to ask them about, y'know, pee stuff, but I didn't wanna be rude, so I kept my mouth shut about that. But I defintely didn't pass up the chance to torment them with the orange juice, pouring it from much higher than necessary and allowing it to splash loudly and luciously into the glasses. I even spilled a little onto the counter on purpose, just because, y'know, pee.

They didn't seem phased. I cleaned up the spilled juice as they began to eat, then headed back to my room, feeling like a gigantic dork.

V - Second day

You're not going to believe this, but it's day two, and Nicole and Ae-Cha still haven't peed.

I know. I don't know for sure if I believe it either. I've put the toilet lid down and placed a hair on top of it so that I'll be able to tell if they're like, using the bathroom in the middle of the night or something. Every time I pee I'll move the hair and then put it back. I'll check tomorrow morning to make sure it's still there. But if I'm being honest, I think it will be. I don't think they're "going" behind my back (haha). It's hard to explain why, they just... have an honest vibe to them. I think they're really still holding it.

Which of course means, they must be bursting to go by now.

I mean, right? How could they not be?

Oh, and this is despite me making sure to give them lots of fluids yesterday -- a nice, large, splashy drink for every meal.

And now here I am, about to give them each another one with breakfast.

"So, how are you two feeling?"

I asked the question just before I started pouring their drinks, and scanned their eyes for any hint of discomfort as I did so. I'm not very in-tune with other people's feelings, but I thought they both looked a bit stressed. Once or twice this morning I saw Nicole shuffling around uncomfortably, in a way she doesn't normally do.

"We're doing all right," Nicole said. "We spent yesterday trying to find another apartment to move into."

"Oh!" I said. It occurred to me that given how large their bladders obviously were, they might legit move out before they have to give in and pee. "How is it going?"

Nicole shrugged. "Not... great. But we're going to keep looking today."

I nodded. "Take your time, you can stay as long as you need to." The two of them exchanged a worried look. I was pretty sure I knew why, but I feigned cluelessness.

"Jane, we're... having a bit of an issue..." Nicole finally said after a pause.

I looked at her. "What's up?" I thought I knew exactly what was up, and I could barely contain myself.

Nicole was on the verge of tears, so Ae-Cha spoke for her. "The prices are too high," she said. "They're like, triple what we can pay. We had no idea it was like this, we haven't looked at the housing market since we moved in here. We won't be able to find somewhere else to go until things settle down. It could be a long time."

I stared back at the the two of them as they looked back and forth between me and the floor, their faces flooded with shame. My brain was exploding, but I had to keep my calm if I wanted to be a good friend. Well, "be a good friend" as in reassure them that they aren't going to be a burden, not as in let them use my bathroom.

"It's all right!" I say. "Really! You guys are my best friends. If you need to stay here for six months, it'll be six months of daily hangouts and partying. Just us girls!" My face was covered with the biggest, stupidest grin I've ever grinned, and it was completely genuine... they just didn't know the real reason why it was there. "Really," I said again, taking a step forward and holding my arms out. I pulled the two of them into a group hug. "Really. C'mere, girls, we're sisters."

They nuzzled into me, and I patted them both on the back. "Let's go on an outing today," I say. "Just like we've been doing. It's time for one, don't you think?"

VI - Outing

So we did. The girls cheered up a bit in the car, and by the time we were at the mall, they were pretty much their usual selves. No hint of any stress regarding their housing predicament. Nothing like some shopping to cheer a girl up

Of course, my mind was much more focused on the other predicament they were in. I mean. It was like. 3pm by now. Which means. Even if they peed. Before coming over. Then they have been holding. For forty. Hours. HHHH. I was making absolutely certain to keep them in my sights at all times so I would know if they used the bathroom. And I was doing everything I could not to bring the subject up, but by this point the words were practically pounding at the inside of my mouth, begging to come out, tearing me up inside. We passed water fountains, ads for surfboards, a vending machine with drinks in it, just thing after thing that would give me an 'in' for asking about their urge, and finally we came to a bathroom, and oh, forget it!

"Say, girls?"

The two of them, who had been browsing through some books, looked up at me.

Suddenly I found I couldn't bring myself to earnestly suggest that they use the bathroom. That wasn't what my mouth wanted to say. It wanted... it wanted me to egg them on, to tease them. I thought fast.

"You know," I said, in my best teasing voice. "Now would be a good moment to use the bathroom... if you're willing to break your streak. I know you've never used a public one before."

They shook their heads in unison. "We don't use public bathrooms." Nicole said.

"But surely you need to pee?"

"I mean yeah, of course we need to go, but... they're just too gross."

And then she went right back to browsing books, and so did Ae-Cha.

You know, I've been pinching myself every couple of minutes for the last, oh, I don't know, day and a half or so. I don't know where these magicians are putting their piss, or how they're getting it there, or WHAT, but I'm telling you, this isn't real.

"You sure? I know we were thinking it could be a while before you two found another place to stay." I couldn't believe I was saying it. Like I said earlier, I'm normally pretty shy, but gosh, horniness finds a way.

"We can hold it," Ae-Cha said. "Really."

Yeah, well, we'll see about that, won't we Ae-Cha?

The car ride home was a bit quieter than the car ride out. I was worried I'd crossed the line by bringing up the subject of the bathroom, but like... I mean, let's be real, I can't even say that with a straight face. I crossed the line long ago. If they were quiet, it had to be because their bladders were finally catching up to them.

I checked the strand of hair on the toilet right before bed, to make sure it was still there. It was. If they don't start squirming by tomorrow, I'm going to kick things up a notch.

VII - Health kick

Welp, it's tomorrow, and when I got up in the morning (with a full bladder, by the way!) and went out to the living room to look at Nicole and Ae-Cha, I didn't see either of them doing the potty dance or anything like it. I was plainly bursting to piss, but I didn't forget to make sure the hair was still there before I peed.

All right. So. Kicking things up a notch. What am I gonna do? Watch and learn.

"Hey guys!" I said, waltzing into the living room. The two of them waved and said good morning to me. Their faces were a bit tired, but cheerful and relaxed, which was nice to see. "Guess what? I'm going on a health kick! If you want to join me, now's the moment to hop on the train! I think it would be a really fun thing for the three of us to do together."

"That sounds fun," Nicole said.

"Health is good," Ae-Cha said quietly.

"So you'll join me?" I asked.

They nodded. "What is it? A diet?" Nicole asked.

"Nope!" I said. "It's a water-drinking challenge! You gotta drink a gallon a day. Science says that's the recommended amount!"

"O-oh!" Nicole said, her smile faltering quite a bit. Ae-Cha looked at the ground, then at Nicole's face, then back at the ground. "W-wow, that's a lot. Um. You sure it's a gallon there, Jane? Usually I hear it's more like a liter, or maybe two..."

"It's a gallon!" I said. "Science."

The two girls looked at each other with such worried faces that I could practically see large, cartoon drops of sweat materializing on their foreheads. I sensed that they wanted to have a word with each other, so I pranced into the kitchen, cheerful and 'oblivious' as ever, and began fixing breakfast for the three of us. While I was in there, I heard the two of them exchanging frantic whispers. It sounded almost like an argument, from the tone. I was able to catch snippets here and there: "--gallon! we can't hol--", "--every day! I'm already--", "--start bulging s--", "--badly before, I--", "--months!!"

Today I was just making toast, so I was done quickly -- quickly enough that they were still talking when I was done. They clammed up the moment I came in the room, and looked at me with sheepish expressions.

"Um," Nicole said. "Listen, I think a gallon might be a bit much. Ae-Cha and I were thinking maybe we'd drink two liters each, and then--"

"ONE liter," Ae-Cha interjected.

"No no, I think we can, um, we can handle two, can't we?" Nicole said. "Two liters each day, then, heh, it would be like we were splitting the gallon in half between us, and--"

"No no!" I interrupted her. "It has to be a gallon! I know, it's a lot, but it goes by like nothing! Well, maybe not nothing, it's kinda hard at first. But you can do it! Here, gimme a minute..." I ran off into my bedroom, rummaged through some boxes, and came back out with three one-gallon water bottles. "Here!" I say. "One for each of us. Nicole, I know you like pink stuff, you can have the pink one. What you do is, you just fill it up at the start of each day, and then by the end of the day you have to drink all the water in it. I'll go fill them up!" I said, and then ran off to the kitchen to do just that.

I really did do this challenge once before (which is why I had the bottles) and let me tell you, it DESTROYED my bladder. I was pissing constantly. I had to pee in the morning. I had to pee in the afternoon. I had to pee in the evening. I had to pee again in the evening. I had to pee after I just peed. Any time I'd go somewhere without bathrooms, I'd get back home on the verge of pissing myself. YOU PEE A LOT WHEN YOU DO THIS.

The frantic whispering resumed while I was filling the bottles, but this time I couldn't hear any of it over the running faucet, and it stopped before I came back into the room. I handed each girl her bottle. Nicole received hers with a fake smile, and Ae-Cha with a solemn nod.

"Drink up, girls!" I say. "There's toast in the kitchen for you."

VIII - Clown car

A magician can pull a rabbit out of nowhere, but physics is physics, and math is math. You make a cutie drink a gallon of water every day and stop her from using the bathroom, and that water is gonna PILE THE FUCK UP. You can only put so many clowns in a clown car before it's full to the brim, and if the car was made of rubber and you tried to keep going, you'd start to see it bulge.

And let me tell you, THAT'S MY JAM. I live for bladder bulges. There is nothing sexier in the world to me than a woman who's wearing her bladder situation on her tum. It doesn't happen to everyone, Ae-Cha has got a much bigger tum than Nicole, so even if she's holding the same amount, there might not be a bulge. But Nicole, well, we've already seen that both girls' bladders are out of this world, and Nicole is pretty thin, so... you can expect something there, I think. I don't know what's going on with their self-control, maybe I'll never see them really "desperate" no matter how long they stay with me, but even just seeing her bulging... haaaaaa~~~~~

Today we just had some down time, I didn't try to rope the two of them into any activities. But at lunch, I checked up on their water bottles.

"You'll have to drink faster than that," I remarked, gestureing to the bottles which were still more than half full. "You gotta finish by bedtime, you know!"

"Hah, I guess so," Nicole said.

Ae-Cha just nodded.

"It's not so hard!" I told them, showing off my own water bottle, which was about two-thirds empty after I dumped more than half of the water out my window onto the grass below (oops). "Look! I'm ahead of schedule."

The girls looked a bit embarrassed and exchanged awkward looks. "Y-yeah," Nicole said. "Yeah, we'll catch up! Watch us!" She upended her bottle and chugged water from it for longer than most people can hold their breath. "Easy! Ae-Cha, we got this, right?"

Ae-Cha started at her with daggers in her eyes, but followed suit. "E-easy," she said. "No problem."

The evening, I checked up on them again. They were sitting together on the couch, trying to down the last of the water, and having a bit of a hard time.

"You can do it, girls!" I said.

They looked up at me with discomfort scrawled all over their faces, and gave me a pair of weak thumbs up before finishing off their drinks.

"Nice!!" I cheered. I sat down next to Nicole on the couch. "Feel the health coursing through your body," I said. I put my hand right on her tum and gave it a rub, and my gosh, it was SO FIRM AND BULGY HOLY FUCK I'M DYING. I made sure to look at her face, and, hhh, the amount of discomfort on it, the way she winced as I touched her, it almost made me feel bad... but I'm sorry, nothing can overcome how GOOD this is making me feel.

"I know it's a bit harder since you can't go to the bathroom," I said. "But it's no problem for you... right?"

Nicole looked off to the side and shifted her legs, pressing them together.

"Nope... not a problem..." she said in a strained voice.

"Ae-Cha?" I asked. "Still holding strong? I know it's a lot."

Her own legs had already been closed, her hands balled into fists and clamped to her sides. "I'm okay," she said.

"Great," I said. "You two try to rest up, all right? I've got a fun activity planned for tomorrow."

They nodded silently, and I dashed off to my room for some much-needed pre-bedtime fun.

IX - Squeeze!

Day four: the hair is still there, though by now I don't even really need to check it. The girls, those wonderful hotties I've fantasized about since I met them, are wearing their desperation on their faces, poor things. On their faces and in their body language. Ae-Cha's legs are never more than five degrees apart. Nicole's eyes are eternally wide and shimmering.

"Fill those water bottles up, girls!" I said, bringing my own through the living room and into the kitchen. They trudged behind me, empty bottles in hand, and lined up at the sink to fill theirs after me. Once mine was filled, I stepped aside and chugged the first quarter of it. Didn't matter to me. I was getting to use the bathroom.

"So," I said as they were filling their bottles. "Guess what I've got planned today?"

By now they had been trained to know that this was going to be bad news for them, but they faked excitement and interest. "What is it?"

"We're going clothes shopping!" I announced. "It can just be window-shopping if you want. But I have to see you try some stuff on. Spring is coming, you know, and it's been a big year in fashion. Lots of new stuff to look at."

"Sounds... fun..." Nicole said with a forced smile. She capped her bottle immediately, not drinking any of it yet, and once Ae-Cha was done filling hers, she did the same.

"Take those bottles with you, champs," I told them with a wink. "I wanna see you drink every drop."

This time the car ride was quieter. Nicole sat in the passenger seat with her legs crossed, looking out the window, holding her bottle in her lap sullenly. Ae-Cha sat in the back, burying her face in a book. By the time we arrived at the mall, I was already needing to pee from the water I drank that morning, but I decided to hold it for now. I led the way inside and to the Old Navy.

By now you probably know the routine I was going for. I picked out a bunch of clothes for them each to try on, using my newfound horniness-driven audacity that you've been seeing so much of, and handed them each their pile. I knew their sizes from previous shopping trips, and I made sure every bottom was just a biiit too tight around the waist.

"Let's do you first, Ae-cha," I said, handing her a pile of clothes as I corralled the two of them over to the changing rooms.

"O-okay," she said, taking the clothes from me with one hand. The other hand couldn't stay away from her crotch -- she was constantly patting her thigh, adjusting her belt, rummaging around in her pocket, etc etc. She went into the changing room and locked the door. It was one of those shitty changing rooms that are like bathroom stalls, where the door doesn't even go all the way to the ground, so I had the pleasure of seeing her jeans drop around her ankles, followed by her panties, and seeing her feet shuffle around nervously as she unfolded the first item of clothing.

She came out wearing a beautiful pink skirt and matching blouse. The skirt had a large bow as a kind of belt around the waist, and she tried to match its cuteness with a pathetic attempt at a cheery smile, which of course I saw right through.

"Beautiful!" I said. I walked behind her and put my hands on her sides. "Here, this is a bit loose, let me tighten it for you so we can see what it's really supposed to look like."

"Oh, n-no, it's okay," Ae-Cha said. "It's already tight, I think, you don't need to fix it."

"It's okay girl, I got you." I untied the bow with shaky hands, pulled it as tight as I possibly could without actually hurting the poor girl, and then tied it back again. I heard an audible gasp from poor Ae-Cha as I did it, which I ignored.

"There," I said, walking around to the front again. Ae-Cha's eyes were closed in concentration. I gave her a playful slap on the belly, which was quite firm, and this got a suppressed squeal out of her. "Hey girl!" I said. "No need to be shy, you look cute as heck, really."

"Thank you," she said through gritted teeth.

"Nicole, you want to go next?" I asked.

"Sure." She got up and half-walked, half-hobbled into the changing room. When she came out again, she was wearing a green tank-top and a pair of the snazziest jeans you've ever seen, along with a thick brown belt tying everything together. And dude, let me tell you... HER BULGE. It was spilling out over the top of her jeans, compressed first by the jeans themselves and then even more by the belt. Her bladder was being lifted two inches upward by the sheer PRESSURE the clothes were putting on her. She kept her hand constantly on the rim of the tank top to keep it from riding up.

"Adorable!" I cried. "Really, lovely." I walked up to her and put my hands on her hips, and she instinctively put her own hands over the belt buckle to stop me from fucking with it.

"Th-thank you darling," she said.

I put my hand on her tum, which at this point was hard like a rock, and gave it some rubs. "Gosh, is this what not going to the bathroom does to you?" Nicole started to turn red at the comment. "I'm teasing you, girl, don't listen to me~" I stood back up. "All right, cuties, I think I'm gonna head to the bathroom. That water's going right through me. Sure you don't wanna come with?"

Nicole looked at me with helpless eyes, her face still flushed and hot. "W-we're sure," she said.

"Kk~" I said. "BRB, gotta pee!"

I dashed off to the bathroom (and yeah, if you're a perv like me, I'm sure you wanna know... it was urgent <3) and when I came back, just before I turned the corner, I heard the two of them having another hushed argument. I stopped short so I could listen. Nicole was talking.

"We don't have a choice, Ae-Cha. Jane asked us not to use her bathroom, and she asked us to do the drinking challenge with her. We can't be bad guests -- she's giving us a place to stay!"

"I need to pee," Ae-Cha retorted.

"I know, I get it. But my love, my darling... we've been here before. It's nothing we can't handle."

"I need to pee."

"Sweetie..."

"I need to pee!"

"Sweetie, hush. You're being unreasonable right now. We don't need to use the bathroom. We've never needed to, ever. It's something from our past now. We've moved on... you don't need to pee, and neither do I."

"..."

"Okay, honey-pie?"

"...fine."

"There's my favorite girlfriend~"

And then some smooching sounds... which I have to admit, made me a little jealous again. Where's my hot Korean girlfriend? But anyway, when they were done kissing I rounded the corner and pretended I hadn't heard anything. They were still wearing the first outfits they'd changed into, Ae-Cha hadn't even loosened her bow... now that was dedication.

The two of them looked at me with determination in their eyes, especially Nicole.

"Ready to try on the rest of the outfits?" I asked.

"Yes," they said in unison.

I held up my water bottle, which I'd dumped more water out of into the sink in the bathroom. "Think you can keep up on this?"

They pulled out their own water bottles and showed me that they were nearly empty.

"Yes," they said.

X - Ten out of ten

But it turns out, well, determination is one thing... and a full bladder is another. My girls over here needed to pee, and when I say pee, I mean BADLY. They seemed to be doing okay when they went to bed in the evening last night, after getting home from clothes shopping. They even filled their bottles back up before going to sleep in preparation for the next day... but when morning came, that enthusiasm had abandoned them. I came out of my bedroom at around 9am (yes, perv, I needed to pee <3) to find them sitting next to each other on the sofa, snuggled together, staring intently at the ground, rocking back and forth, and visibly sweating.

My morning greeting clearly startled them, and as soon as they heard it they tried to act natural... but of course I didn't believe it for a minute. Even when "acting natural" it was obvious that they were positively dying to piss. Nicole's legs were knotted together; Ae-Cha's hand was glued to her crotch; Nicole was practically vibrating in her seat; Ae-Cha's lips were constantly moving, and I thought I heard her muttering to herself in Korean. They didn't respond to me.

I made them breakfast, but they barely touched it. I encouraged them to drink their water, but they only took a sip or two before putting their bottles back down. It was impossible to get conversation out of them, even on topics I knew they were passionate about. I even delayed my own first bathroom break of the day, holding my pee out of, I don't know, solidarity? Horniness? Just a whim? But by the time breakfast was over and I was washing dishes, I mean... I dunno dude, I had to pee. Like I said, a full bladder is just something else. I went to the bathroom. Really puts their plight into perspective. Not really a fair comparison, since these two have crazy bladders and I have a normal one, but.

Anyway, I've sort of piped down about how insanely horny all this is making me, but it's just because I've run out of words to describe it. I've been staring at the sun so long that my vision has gone dark. I masturbated three times last night in the span of an hour, and then again when I woke up before even leaving my room. Is it normal for a person to get their dreams fulfilled this fucking hard? I have a museum exhibit of my ultimate fantasy sitting right in my living room.

And as the day dragged on, they just stayed right there. I'm pretty sure at this point they can't move. They've tried a few activities, from reading books to watching Netflix, but they keep ending up right back where they started -- staring into space, cuddled in each other's arms, giving each other back rubs, taking turns whispering comforting words in each other's ears...

...knowing full well that failure is inevitable but still keeping each other going as long as possible...

...

Okay, maybe I kind of understand why I can't get a girlfriend. This isn't something that would've come naturally to me.

...I should work on that maybe.

Uhm. But you probably want to hear about the bladder stuff, so let's get back to that. I'll sort out the other stuff on my own.

I spent the day in and out of my room, basically in a 90-minute loop of getting myself worked up in my bedroom, coming out to the living room to get an eyeful of the girls, heading back into my room to masturbate, and then putzing around until I got worked up again. Every time I came out, their situation was a little more hopeless. Knotted legs became bouncing knotted legs. Hands near crotches became hands buried in crotches. Faces turned red. Sweat became tears.

Finally it was evening, and by that point it was clear that we were coming up on the final act. I made my way out to the living room one last time and sat myself down across from the girls.

"Hey," I said.

They didn't even look up.

"Listen," I said. "Can we talk?"

They looked up, but said nothing.

"You two have been comatose today."

No response.

"Is it because you need to pee?"

They just looked at me sullenly. As if anything they could do would read as anything other than an emphatic 'yes'.

"I want to make you an offer," I said. "You can use my bathroom..." They perked up at this. "...if you ask my permission to use it, and if you admit to me that you're at your limit, and you can't wait any longer."

They stared at me, their eyes as wide as dinner plates, their frantic pee-holding motions quelled for a moment, and a deadly silence came over the room. Their faces were flushed white, their bodies were trembling, their breathing came in shattered waves...

...and finally Ae-Cha's head turned just slightly to the left, then back to the right, and then the left again, and Nicole's followed suit.

"N-n-n... no..." Nicole spat out. "N-n.... no. It's... not... th-that... bad. We can... we can... we can hold it."

I stared at them in amazement. It was almost bedtime. How on earth were they going to sleep if they didn't pee? They looked like they were going to faint from the effort, if not from the sheer pain! But as I stared at them, looking straight into their eyes, I saw no sign that they were going to back down. And let me just say: damn. I'm impressed.

"Suit yourselves," I finally said, and got up to head to bed.

XI - Eleven out of ten

I woke up to a frantic, repeated knock on my door, and the sound of Nicole's voice.

"Jane? Jane? Jane! I'm sorry dear, but are you awake? It's an emergency!"

I hopped out of bed and opened the door to find Nicole kneeling on the ground outside, both hands shoved deeply into her crotch, her face pointed straight down and tears actively falling from it. Nicole was still lying on the couch. From where I was standing, all I could see was that she was writhing fiercly.

"You... you got us..." Nicole said. "We need to pee. Jane. We need to pee." She looked up at me, her eyes soaked and pleading. "Please. Please Jane. Let us use your bathroom. We need to go now. Please. Please."

I look straight into her eyes.

"You're at your limit?"

"I-I'm at my limit..." she says.

"You can't wait any longer? Either of you?"

"...we can't wait any longer."

I nod, basking in the serotonin rush of having ticked off one of my life goals. "Okay, darlings," I say. "You can use my bathroom."

"Thank God!!" Nicole screams. Ae-Cha hears her and needs no further explanation. The two women sprint into my bathroom, not bothering to close the door behind them, and I follow them in to see what happens. Ae-Cha yanks her skirt down and plops herself down on the toilet, while Nicole tears her pants and underwear off and straddles her, in a motion so smooth that I could swear they practice.

I stare at them, waiting for the hissing sound to begin, but it doesn't. Not yet. At first I wonder what's going on, but then it dawns on me... they're still holding. They needed permission to get on the toilet because they knew they were about to lose it, but they haven't really hit their limit yet, not the true limit, not the one even they can't go past. They were going to stick it out until the very. Last. Second.

A minute passed.

And then another.

And then a third.

And then they started pissing. Both of them began at the exact same moment, and the streams took no time at all to ramp up to full force, Ae-Cha's going directly into the toilet and Nicole's shooting between her girlfriend's legs. The women began moaning and panting as soon as they were peeing, their streams unbelievably loud given what insane pressure their bladders were under and given that they were both going at once. I walked up to the two of them (which didn't take much courage -- I don't even know if they noticed me, given what a state of absolute euphoria they were in) and put my hand on Nicole's tum once again. The iron-hard bulge was giving way a little, shrinking and softening just slightly from one minute to the next. I put my hand on her back to keep her steady and pressed on the bulge, and her stream sprayed harder. I did the same for Ae-Cha as well, but looking her face, it seemed to barely register.

And god. They just. Kept. Pissing. I've never seen so much piss in my entire life. They peed. And peed. And peed. And peed. And peed. Holy crap they peed. I thought it would never end.

But eventually, after a solid quarter-hour of hissing, spraying, uninterrupted firehose-style peeing... eventually, it did.

The two of them looked at each other with shimmering eyes, and pulled each other into an embrace, right there on my toilet, without even asking me if I needed to use it or anything! Lol. (I kind of did, actually. I think anyone would after seeing what I just saw. But if they could wait, and that was what they were holding back, then I could wait too.)

I have to say, I've thoroughly enjoyed putting these two through bladder hell.

I'll have to try it again some time.

