Alice in Wetting-Land - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: SomeGirl

*000*2017-07-20 21:40

Author's Note: Hi, I'm new here, and this is my first time publishing stories. I've had an idea for an Omorashi version of Alice in Wonderland for a while, but I'm sure I'm not the first person to come up with it, so it may have elements in common with other stories. I know my grammar isn't perfect, so feel free to correct it, or give suggestions for things to include in the story. I'll probably edit it more at some point. I wrote the first few chapters quickly, so I'm going to post what I have. The story has varies types of omorashi, but no messing (I'm not really into it). I hope you like it.- SomeGirl

CH.1; Flushed Down the Rabbit hole

Alice Carol smiled in relief, as she crossed the threshold of the stall-filled room. Although she wasn’t at risk of wetting her pants, she was glad for the opportunity to soothe her nagging bladder. Stepping into one of the stalls, Alice eagerly unfastened her belt, pulled down her jeans, and settled herself on toilet. In less than a second the faint hissing of her stream was bouncing off the walls. “All things considered, I’ve squirmed through worse trials.” Alice thought, “ If I’m going to be using public toilet, Lewis Park is the best choice. Clean, and I have it all to myself!” she finished with a quiet giggle. She felt almost giddy as her pee slowed and stopped completely, having lasted nearly 6 seconds.

Stepping out if the stall, Alice strolled over to the sink. The mirror reflected the attractive 22-year-old student in jeans and a faded blue sweatshirt. Brushing her honey blond hair out of her grey blue eyes, Alice paused to assess the modest hourglass of her figure. Seeing nothing unusual she made her way out of the stall-lined building. The young lady stepped back out into the lovely autumn tuesday. She seemed to have the park mostly to herself.

Alice had decided to go for a walk in the park, after her tuesday class was canceled. Her only mistake had been forgoing the restroom at the corner store, where she bought three cans of iced tea, before starting the long treck to the park. Alice was feeling dehydrated that morning, and had finished all 24 oz of iced tea within the first block. She was eager to get to the toilets by the time she arrived at the park, and was just starting to walk awkwardly by the time she reached the bathrooms in the middle. But now, her bladder was empty, and she felt ready enjoy the nice day.

Alice had only taken a few steps down the path next to the lavatory, when she heard the rapid tapping of hurried footsteps behind her. Glancing over her shoulder, Alice’s eyebrows rose as she turned around to see the curious sight more clearly. The girl awkwardly rushing in her direction was wearing some sort of elaborate cosplay, complete with rabbit ears and paws. The costume suited the girl well; she was very pale and skinny; short, but with long legs. Her outfit consisted of a red pleated skirt, a white blouse, and an orange vest with a gold pocket watch; She had a silvery-white bob cut and large ruby eyes. Then Alice noticed how the girl was moving.

The girl was walking with a peculiar strained hopping, and her hands were clasped forcefully to her crotch. The stranger’s urgency was so clear that Alice felt a sympathetic strain in her own bladder. Her face confirmed her predicament; eyes wide and frantically searching for somewhere to relieve herself, lower lip clamped between her teeth. Her legs were trembling.

The girl had just rushed past Alice, when Alice realized that she had run past the bathroom without noticing. “Oh, the poor girl,” Alice thought “I need to catch her, and tell her she went too far!” Alice internally declared as she started jogging after the girl. For someone who looked ready to burst, the girl moved quickly. When Alice caught up, the rabbit girl was hopping from foot to foot by a flowerbed, franticly looking around for the building she had anticipated.

“Excuse me,” Alice called walking up behind the girl “I saw you a few minutes ago, and you ran right past the bathroom...” .The girl spun around, looking at Alice like she was her personal savior. “Th-Thank you so much!” the girl stammered before turning back the way she came. The girl was taking her first step, when a sudden wave of intense urgency hit her. Her legs buckled, and she fell back. Alice tried to hold her up, but lost her balance as well, and they fell tumbling back.

Alice braced herself for impact, but it didn’t come. Alice was sure they would hit the ground any minute now, and kept her eyes scrunched shut. Suddenly, Alice heard a loud hissing noise, accompanied by a moan of relief. Opening her eyes, Alice saw the rabbit girl tumbling through in the dark space next to her, a long, curving stream of golden urine shooting out from under her skirt.

Finally, Alice landed on the ground with a loud thud, hearing a similar thud about a foot away. Looking over, Alice saw the girl had vanished, leaving only a pair of thuroghly soaked pantys behind. That was when she was showered with warm fluid.

*007*2017-07-21 11:54

Thank you. I really appreciate the encouragement. I'm having a good time writing it.

*009*2017-07-21 14:59

I'm not great with computers, so could someone please tell me how to add chapters to the story. I'm posting the next chapter as a reply for the time being. Thank you in advance.-SomeGirl

Ch.5: Mass Desperation in Drying Times

The shore Alice and Opal landed on was populated by a multitude of different anthropomorphized animals and birds, all dripping from being swept away by Alice's flood of pee.

The crowd quieted at the loud rap of a cane on a rock. The source if the noise was a dodo-woman in her late 20s, gesturing for everyone to gather around the rock she stood on like a podium. Alice was starting to get used to the antro-girls, in addition to the occasional male in the crowd. The dodo-lady was voluptuous, but short, with a prominent rear end, and distinctive wings. The dodo had blackish-brown wavy hair, piled on her head in a loose bun; and dark brown eyes. She wore a long, flowery skirt; a large indigo sweater; and nice high heels. All her clothes were saturated with pee. Pushing her tiny spectacles up the bridge of her nose, she started speaking.

“Salutations. Many if you may know me as the dean of Wonderland University, but to those who don’t my name is Lavender Louise.” came her formal introduccion “I greatly appreciate how calm everyone has remained in a time of panic.” she continued, pausing for effect.

“I will now open the floor to suggestions about what needs to be done.” Ms. Louise declared.

A puppy-girl in a soggy cheerleading uniform stood to speak. “As we are all a bit ‘water’-logged, I think we need to change before we start off home.” she suggested.

Ms. Louise selected a few volunteers to go borrow dry clothes from the nearby town.

Before the meeting continued, she pointed out the public restroom around the bend, where several members of the audience promptly waddled off to.

At the request of a raccoon-boy in a blazer, bathing supplies were found, and set up along the shoreline.

Then the group returned from their quest to the bathroom, looking almost hysterical

“Ms.Lavender! The flood knocked down the bathroom!” shrieked a flamingo-girl “what do we do? If I don’t go soon, I’ll burst!” she finished, pulling one leg up to prevent her surplus of fluid from escaping.

The rest of her group was also dancing, as were some of the other anthros.

“I haven't tinkled since breakfasts!” cried a apron-clad bear-girl, twisting in anguish

“Why did I drink so much milk?” whimpered a ram-boy, squatting and holding himself, desperately trying to keep the contents of his bladder inside.

“I’m gonna wee! It’s gonna come out!” yelled the puppy girl, legs twisted into a knot

The entire crowd was getting desperate. Even Alice and Opal, who had just gone, couldn’t hear so much talk about pee without wanting to go again. It was like a potty-dance contest on the shore. Shuffling feet, hands clutching crotches, faces displaying every variation of urgency. Several people had switched to a seated position, trying to ease the pressure, even a little. The air was filled with noises of discomfort:

“EeeUmmOhooo...oHoo dear..”

“No,no,No,no,no...muhh”

“Uh.Uh.Ahh,Ehe..”

Then the puppy-girl took control.

“That's it! I can’t take it any more! I’m going wee!” she barked, dropping her underwear and squatting in the sand. Even before she was fully in position, a deluge of shimmering gold shot out of her. The slapping of the stream forcefully hitting the ground, the hissing, and her loud groans of relief washed away everyone's modesty.

The racoon by ripped open his fly, and let loose on the sand in front of him, struggling to stay standing.

The bear girl didn’t even squat down, just opened her legs, pulled her panties aside, and released a warm waterfall.

“No time for underwear” chimed a koala-girl, lifting her skirt and letting everything out through her already damp panties.

A tiger-boy was making archs with his stream.

A sheep-girl sitting on the sand, just letting a warm pool form around her.

Even Ms.Lavender hopped off her podium, concealing her cascade with her skirt.

Shrugging her shoulders, Alice undid her jeans, and gave her bladder reprieve. She looked over at Opal who had fallen to the ground next to her.

The mouse-girl was jerking and shuddering, rolling around and observing with a expression of ecstasy. Suddenly, she stilled, and shifted so her hips were elevated above her head. This motion brought her blissful struggle to a standstill, and she prepared herself for the best part. Opal full force pissed herself, overwhelmed with joy as the gushing pee flowed down her elevated hips and over her stomach. It was like a tiny fountain, and it felt so good running down her ass. She almost wished she hadn’t taken a leak in Alice’s sea, cause the piss only lasted 2 seconds. If she tried it at maximum capacity, she could probably soak her hair face. If she started chugging now, she could be almost ready to try again when she go home.

“I know what I’m gonna do this weekend.” Opal thought, standing up.

“I’m going to head home now, Alice. It was great meeting you. Hope to see you soon!” Opal chirped.

“You're leaving like that” Alice gestured to Opals soggy overalls and dripping legs “I think they have spare clothes to change into.” she mentioned.

“Are you kidding? I may not change till tomorrow afternoon!” Opal enthused “I’ve never been this soaked before! Look!” .Opal droped her pants to reveal soaked olive green boyshorts. “You can see the yellow, even though their dark!” she squealed, pulling her pants back up. Waving goodbye to Alice, Opal sauntered off, grabbing a gallon carton of juice on the way.

*012*2017-07-22 12:22

Sorry about the skipped chapters. I got a bit confused about what I posted, and couldn't figure out how to use the page. I'm posting the whole story so far below. Sorry about the issues.-SomeGirl

CH.1; Flushed Down the Rabbit hole

Alice Carol smiled in relief, as she crossed the threshold of the stall-filled room. Although she wasn’t at risk of wetting her pants, she was glad for the opportunity to soothe her nagging bladder. Stepping into one of the stalls, Alice eagerly unfastened her belt, pulled down her jeans, and settled herself on toilet. In less than a second the faint hissing of her stream was bouncing off the walls. “All things considered, I’ve squirmed through worse trials.” Alice thought, “ If I’m going to be using public toilet, Lewis Park is the best choice. Clean, and I have it all to myself!” she finished with a quiet giggle. She felt almost giddy as her pee slowed and stopped completely, having lasted nearly 6 seconds.

Stepping out if the stall, Alice strolled over to the sink. The mirror reflected the attractive 22-year-old student in jeans and a faded blue sweatshirt. Brushing her honey blond hair out of her grey blue eyes, Alice paused to assess the modest hourglass of her figure. Seeing nothing unusual she made her way out of the stall-lined building. The young lady stepped back out into the lovely autumn tuesday. She seemed to have the park mostly to herself.

Alice had decided to go for a walk in the park, after her tuesday class was canceled. Her only mistake had been forgoing the restroom at the corner store, where she bought three cans of iced tea, before starting the long treck to the park. Alice was feeling dehydrated that morning, and had finished all 24 oz of iced tea within the first block. She was eager to get to the toilets by the time she arrived at the park, and was just starting to walk awkwardly by the time she reached the bathrooms in the middle. But now, her bladder was empty, and she felt ready enjoy the nice day.

Alice had only taken a few steps down the path next to the lavatory, when she heard the rapid tapping of hurried footsteps behind her. Glancing over her shoulder, Alice’s eyebrows rose as she turned around to see the curious sight more clearly. The girl awkwardly rushing in her direction was wearing some sort of elaborate cosplay, complete with rabbit ears and paws. The costume suited the girl well; she was very pale and skinny; short, but with long legs. Her outfit consisted of a red pleated skirt, a white blouse, and an orange vest with a gold pocket watch; She had a silvery-white bob cut and large ruby eyes. Then Alice noticed how the girl was moving.

The girl was walking with a peculiar strained hopping, and her hands were clasped forcefully to her crotch. The stranger’s urgency was so clear that Alice felt a sympathetic strain in her own bladder. Her face confirmed her predicament; eyes wide and frantically searching for somewhere to relieve herself, lower lip clamped between her teeth. Her legs were trembling.

The girl had just rushed past Alice, when Alice realized that she had run past the bathroom without noticing. “Oh, the poor girl,” Alice thought “I need to catch her, and tell her she went too far!” Alice internally declared as she started jogging after the girl. For someone who looked ready to burst, the girl moved quickly. When Alice caught up, the rabbit girl was hopping from foot to foot by a flowerbed, franticly looking around for the building she had anticipated.

“Excuse me,” Alice called walking up behind the girl “I saw you a few minutes ago, and you ran right past the bathroom...” .The girl spun around, looking at Alice like she was her personal savior. “Th-Thank you so much!” the girl stammered before turning back the way she came. The girl was taking her first step, when a sudden wave of intense urgency hit her. Her legs buckled, and she fell back. Alice tried to hold her up, but lost her balance as well, and they fell tumbling back.

Alice braced herself for impact, but it didn’t come. Alice was sure they would hit the ground any minute now, and kept her eyes scrunched shut. Suddenly, Alice heard a loud hissing noise, accompanied by a moan of relief. Opening her eyes, Alice saw the rabbit girl tumbling through in the dark space next to her, a long, curving stream of golden urine shooting out from under her skirt.

Finally, Alice landed on the ground with a loud thud, hearing a similar thud about a foot away. Looking over, Alice saw the girl had vanished, leaving only a pair of thuroghly soaked pantys behind. That was when she was showered with warm fluid.

Ch.2: The Hall of Locked Bathroom Doors

Picking herself off the floor with a groan, Alice looked around her bizarre surroundings. She stood in a long hallway filled with doors of all sizes, most with some variation of the symbol for bathroom on them. Far above her, she saw the hole she had apparently fallen down. The rabbit girls panties still sat next to her. Picking the garment up, Alice took a closer look. The panties had originally been white, but they were now completely soaked in cooling yellow urine, even the matching lace and a little red bow. Looking closer, Alice discovered the name “Blanch” sewn into a tag. “I guess that's her name.” murmured Alice, “I guess I should find her and return them? She must know where we are if she ran off on her own.” Alice decided as she put the dripping fabric in her backpack.

Approaching the nearest door, she found it locked. Pressing her ear against the door, she heard the sputtering splashes of an long overdue pee-break. Knocking on the door, the stream came to sudden, painful sounding halt. “Please go away!” the occupant's voice trilled, “I can't go with you listening, and I may be in here a while. I’ve been holding this since I went to bed last night.” the voice finished, wavering in discomfort. Alice looked at her watch. Almost noon. She figured this person needed privacy more urgently than she needed an explanation.

Trying the other doors gave no further information on the situation, except that they were all locked, and none of the occupants were in a state to help her. Slumping down next to a door, she noticed a door by her hip that she missed the first time around. The door was a tiny blue rectangle, at the bottom of the wall, and when she leaned in she didn’t hear the tell-tale hissing. The door was locked, and she couldn’t fit through it, but it seemed like the best option.

Looking around for a way in, she saw a glass table in the corner. Walking over she saw a key that would only fit that door, and a bottle of bubbly rose-colored liquid with a label reading “Drink Me”. Walking over, Alice inspected the bottle. Whatever it was looked delicious, a bit like pink champagne. Removing the cap, her nose was overwhelmed with the drinks enticing fruity-floral scent, like lilac and pineapple. Suddenly unbearably thirsty, Alce brought the mystery liquid to her lips, and took a small sip. Instantly she knew she wouldn’t be able to stop drinking, as her mouth was filled with the taste of peaches, jasmine, and berries.

Pouring the delicious fluid down her throat, she sighed with contentment. That was when she realized she had shrunk down, and could fit in the tiny door. Turning the knob, she was struck with a painful and belated realization. The key was still on the table, suspended on the glass counter far above her.

Ch. 3: Alice’s Growing Desperation

She couldn't believe she forgot the key. Kneeling by the tiny door, she peeped through the keyhole. Inside, was a beautiful garden, bearing a strange sign reading “Water-Sports Park”, and a fountain spurting yellow fluid. Alice cocked her head “I guess that's as good a place to look for Blanch as any…” she trailed off. She needed to get in, or she might never find a way home.

Walking back to the table, she noticed a tray of tea cakes resting on the ground. They were chocolate sponge cakes, with dark chocolate topping, and candied currents spelling out “eat me” on top. Maybe if I eat these, it will undo this shrinking. It worked last time. Without a second thought, she took a bite. The rich sponge was layered with sweet vanilla cream, and vibrant currant jam. To her delight, as she ate she started to grow. Soon she could reach the key, but to her horror, she kept growing. Soon she was giant in size, too big to even move in the narrow hallway. All at once Alice felt a very pressing issue send a jolt through her body.

Her bladder had suddenly filled, and more pressure was steadily being added. “It’s only been about 30 minutes since I went!” Alice thought, legs slamming shut “Was there a diuretic in the cakes?” she wondered. At this size, she was forced to sit down, not that standing would have been comfortable at this point. “Ohh..uhh..” Alice groaned trying everything to hold back the impending dam break. Crossing her legs and recrossing them; pulling her knees to her chest; Crushing her hands between her legs; and resting her nether area on the cool tile. These measures were all failing too quickly, Alice started to sweat.

“Ahh, Ah, Eee..” Alice shrieked as a particularly intense wave of need hit her. Straightening her legs, Alice presses as hard as she could, her face scrunched with agony. Tears of discomfort welled up in her eyes, knowing that she was fighting to the end of a losing battle. As the battle reached its turning point Alice thought “And I did so well holding it this morning,too.”

And then the pressure reached its apex. Her body spasming at the force of her need, Alice almost cried in relief as a torrent of pee rushed into her pants. Her underwear and jeans were soaked near instantly, and she still had so much pee to let go. Out rushed a puddle, which soon turned into an ocean. To her shock, Alice found herself filling the hallway with pee, and it was still hissing out. It lasted about 15 seconds, and she was submerged up to her seated waist when the streak finally petered out.

Her body limp with satisfaction, she sighed in awkward embarrassment. She looked around for something to dry off with, and saw a little white hand fan on the table with the empty bottle. Raising herself on her knees, Alice grabbed the fan and started working on the wettest area, her crotch. She was so busy working on her pants, she barely noticed herself shrinking. It had been happening alot lately.

Ch.4 If You Give a Mouse Permission to Pee...

Alice realized she had shrunk the same moment she realized she was swimming through the sea she had just flooded the hall with. The warm, golden currents pulled her farther from the doors, and she found herself miraculously paddling in a flooded river. She spotted the empty bottle bobbing on the water, and pulled herself up, to sit. Using the bottle as a raft, she continued to float downstream.

Alice looked wide-eyed at her surroundings. Her pee seemed to spread infinitely, as far as the eye could see. Turning her head, she noticed a strange girl swimming towards her. She was dressed in a similar style to Blanch, with silky mouse ears and a long, skinny tail. The girl was even smaller than Blanch, with curly hair. She was wearing short green overalls,a white shirt, little brown boots, and a newsboy cap. Alice offered her a hand, as she finally reached the makeshift raft.

“ Thank you for the rind, ma'am,” said the girl, as she made herself comfortable, “I’ve never seen a flood quite like this. I would have committed it to memory.” she exclaimed “I’m Opal, by the way”. After introductions had been made, the conversion turned to the flood, much to Alice’s embarrassment.

“This sounds crazy, but I think this is all pee!” exclaimed Opal, bouncing with excitement, “I can’t imagine what creature could have done this. I wish I could have..seen...it…” she trailed off, noticing the additional dampness of Alice’s jeans. Their eyes met and Alice flushed red. Opal’s legs started to bounce, and Alice was shocked to find excitement on her face. “I must say I’m impressed, Alice” praised Opal “All this… I leaked a little just thinking about it!” she continued to the surprise of Alice. That was when Alice figuerd out the cause of Opal’s leg spasms.

Opal let out a larger spert, just enough to leave a spot on her underwear and relive a little pressure. She had been doing this hold since breakfast, and had drank plenty of extra coffee to push her to her limit. She was already filled with the ringling desperation she loved. Meeting this amazing girl was going to push her past the point of no retern. Twisting one leg around the other she turned back to Alice.

“Eh. Ah. Ah… I need to piss so badly” she moaned “I want to take a leak! I want it right now!” she shrieked, writhing in place.

“Maybe you could go in the...river. I don’t think I can pull over anywhere.” Alice muttered

“Oh, you don’t mind? Thank you so much! I can’t wait to do it, but...Muh. Ehee...Not yet.” Opal was ecstatically jiggling her legs. She finally allowed herself to slam her hands to her crotch, stemming the impending tsunami. She could tell her time was coming, and carefully moved to the edge of the bottle to wait.

“Thank y-you for letting me do this. I’m ready to let it all out. Not very much of course. At least not to someone who can do this in one sitting.” She didn’t notice Alice’s blush as she spoke “But I’d never add my pee to someone else without permission, so I’m so excited to try!” Opal said, closing her eyes in anticipation. Her legs spread open, and her hands slowly released their grip on her pelvic.

“Alice, it's almost time...Uhh, uhh, umm.... Any second n-ow...Oh,oh. I’m ready…G-gonna let it all out...right..now-ahhhh”. Opal pissed herself furiously. The overalls she had picked out were working perfectly, sopping up her forceful stream, and releasing it like a downpour, raining from between her legs. She couldn't stop making noises that poured out in tandem with her hissing, either. This was like a fantasies. This pissing session lasted 5 or 6 seconds, but it felt like she had been wetting for hours. She slumped back, tired by the passionate emptying of her bladder. Alice decided to just not mention it, as they finally reached the riverbank.

Ch.5: Mass Desperation in Drying Times

The shore Alice and Opal landed on was populated by a multitude of different anthropomorphized animals and birds, all dripping from being swept away by Alice's flood of pee.

The crowd quieted at the loud rap of a cane on a rock. The source if the noise was a dodo-woman in her late 20s, gesturing for everyone to gather around the rock she stood on like a podium. Alice was starting to get used to the antro-girls, in addition to the occasional male in the crowd. The dodo-lady was voluptuous, but short, with a prominent rear end, and distinctive wings. The dodo had blackish-brown wavy hair, piled on her head in a loose bun; and dark brown eyes. She wore a long, flowery skirt; a large indigo sweater; and nice high heels. All her clothes were saturated with pee. Pushing her tiny spectacles up the bridge of her nose, she started speaking.

“Salutations. Many if you may know me as the dean of Wonderland University, but to those who don’t my name is Lavender Louise.” came her formal introduccion “I greatly appreciate how calm everyone has remained in a time of panic.” she continued, pausing for effect.

“I will now open the floor to suggestions about what needs to be done.” Ms. Louise declared.

A puppy-girl in a soggy cheerleading uniform stood to speak. “As we are all a bit ‘water’-logged, I think we need to change before we start off home.” she suggested.

Ms. Louise selected a few volunteers to go borrow dry clothes from the nearby town.

Before the meeting continued, she pointed out the public restroom around the bend, where several members of the audience promptly waddled off to.

At the request of a raccoon-boy in a blazer, bathing supplies were found, and set up along the shoreline.

Then the group returned from their quest to the bathroom, looking almost hysterical

“Ms.Lavender! The flood knocked down the bathroom!” shrieked a flamingo-girl “what do we do? If I don’t go soon, I’ll burst!” she finished, pulling one leg up to prevent her surplus of fluid from escaping.

The rest of her group was also dancing, as were some of the other anthros.

“I haven't tinkled since breakfasts!” cried a apron-clad bear-girl, twisting in anguish

“Why did I drink so much milk?” whimpered a ram-boy, squatting and holding himself, desperately trying to keep the contents of his bladder inside.

“I’m gonna wee! It’s gonna come out!” yelled the puppy girl, legs twisted into a knot

The entire crowd was getting desperate. Even Alice and Opal, who had just gone, couldn’t hear so much talk about pee without wanting to go again. It was like a potty-dance contest on the shore. Shuffling feet, hands clutching crotches, faces displaying every variation of urgency. Several people had switched to a seated position, trying to ease the pressure, even a little. The air was filled with noises of discomfort:

“EeeUmmOhooo...oHoo dear..”

“No,no,No,no,no...muhh”

“Uh.Uh.Ahh,Ehe..”

Then the puppy-girl took control.

“That's it! I can’t take it any more! I’m going wee!” she barked, dropping her underwear and squatting in the sand. Even before she was fully in position, a deluge of shimmering gold shot out of her. The slapping of the stream forcefully hitting the ground, the hissing, and her loud groans of relief washed away everyone's modesty.

The racoon by ripped open his fly, and let loose on the sand in front of him, struggling to stay standing.

The bear girl didn’t even squat down, just opened her legs, pulled her panties aside, and released a warm waterfall.

“No time for underwear” chimed a koala-girl, lifting her skirt and letting everything out through her already damp panties.

A tiger-boy was making archs with his stream.

A sheep-girl sitting on the sand, just letting a warm pool form around her.

Even Ms.Lavender hopped off her podium, concealing her cascade with her skirt.

Shrugging her shoulders, Alice undid her jeans, and gave her bladder reprieve. She looked over at Opal who had fallen to the ground next to her.

The mouse-girl was jerking and shuddering, rolling around and observing with a expression of ecstasy. Suddenly, she stilled, and shifted so her hips were elevated above her head. This motion brought her blissful struggle to a standstill, and she prepared herself for the best part. Opal full force pissed herself, overwhelmed with joy as the gushing pee flowed down her elevated hips and over her stomach. It was like a tiny fountain, and it felt so good running down her ass. She almost wished she hadn’t taken a leak in Alice’s sea, cause the piss only lasted 2 seconds. If she tried it at maximum capacity, she could probably soak her hair face. If she started chugging now, she could be almost ready to try again when she go home.

“I know what I’m gonna do this weekend.” Opal thought, standing up.

“I’m going to head home now, Alice. It was great meeting you. Hope to see you soon!” Opal chirped.

“You're leaving like that” Alice gestured to Opals soggy overalls and dripping legs “I think they have spare clothes to change into.” she mentioned.

“Are you kidding? I may not change till tomorrow afternoon!” Opal enthused “I’ve never been this soaked before! Look!” .Opal droped her pants to reveal soaked olive green boyshorts. “You can see the yellow, even though their dark!” she squealed, pulling her pants back up. Waving goodbye to Alice, Opal sauntered off, grabbing a gallon carton of juice on the way.

Ch.6: Emergency Measures

Alice stood by the large wooden basins, filled with hot water. Most of the anthro creatures were already washing off, as Alice nervously removed her sweatshirt. The dark t shirt underneath was next, followed by her shoes, her belt, and her pants. Here, Alice paused. Her grey 26 D bra and navy briefs had to come off. Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra, and slipped her arms out of the straps. Although her clothes had started to dry in the sun, her panties were still heavy with absorbed pee. Wrinkling her nose, Alice pulled them down and dropped them to the sand at her feet. Stepping into one of the tubs, she grabbed a washcloth. Her legs and groin were covered in dried pee.

When she stepped out of the tub, Alice jolted at the cool air on her nether regions. Her bladder was only half full, but she felt a brief need to pee. Pushing the urge aside until she reached town, Alice went to borrow dry clothes. To her surprise, she was handed a blue maids uniform, white stockings, black shoes, and a lacy blue bra and pantys. Looking around, she saw most people were in some form of borrowed uniform. “I suppose I could do worse than this” Alice murmured as she put on the panties. The dry, clean panties felt so soft, especially after trudging around in her soggy jeans for so long. Whoever distributed the fresh clothes had a good eye for size, because the bra fit her perfectly. Aside from the itchy stockings, the whole outfit was wonderfully comfy.

The next step was to find Blanch, so Alice started asking around. Apparently, Blanch was well known, because she soon had clear directions to her home. Bidding farewell to the ground on the river bank, Alice started to walk down the meadow road away from the town. The walk was only a mile. By the second half Alice had become thirsty. Shoving her hand in the apron’s pocket in frustration, she found her hand clasping a bottle. Pulling it out, she saw it was full of a syrupy amber fluid. “Drink Me” Alice read from the label. It was clearly a different liquid from the earlier bottle, so she doubted she would become a giant. Deciding to try the drink, Alice removed the cap. The fragrance of roasted coffee and caramel wafted out. Each sip filled Alice’s mouth with the warm, rich flavors of molasses, root beer, and spices. Finishing the drink and seeing no side effects, Alice continued down the path.

After a few minutes, Alice realized that she had forgot to use the bathroom before she left town, and could now feel the consequences sloshing around in her bladder. She came to a halt, considering her options. She could go back to town, but she was closer to Blanch’s house by now. She could squat in the grass and alleviate her obnoxious problem, but she wasn’t that desperate yet. It was one thing to pee on the ground when she had no chance of holding it in, or when she had been surrounded by people peeing on the sand. She didn’t think she could do it so soon. She was cursed with a very prideful bladder.

Gathering her resolve, Alice started a brisk walk to Blanch house. Hopefully, Blanch would let her use the toilet upon arrival. She was almost there when her bladder reacher the point where it would allow Alice to tinkle, assuming no one else was around. Pausing and looking around, Alice growled when she spotted Blanch in her garden. Forcing herself to continue her increasingly stiff walk forward, she stepped through the gate just as she reached the peak of her lust for a bathroom.

Doubling over, bending her knees, crushing her crotch with her hands. Blanch had just turned to see her, and she couldn't wait any longer. The wall of dignity was crumbling, threatening to free Alice’s abundance of urine. When you gotta go, you gotta go.

Pushing aside her pride, Alice frantically pulled the skirt out of the way, clutching it to her chest.

“Oh wait! my underwear” Alice cried out. It was too late. She fell to her knees, not having time to spread them, and unleashed a massive downpour between her thighs.

“Ahhhhh…” was all Alice could say. Her continuous sigh harmonized with the hiss of her pee escaping. She had never really listened to the sound that accompanied the resolution of a potty emergency, but at the moment it sounded like music. As pee continued to rush out, she became aware of the sensation of urine running through her stockings. The combination somehow combined the worst parts of both feelings: the itchy mesh and the slippery pee. After 5 seconds, she was finally done. Peeling off the stockings, Alice removed the second pair of panties she had spoiled in a day. The light blue fabric had grown darker in the crotch and around the leg holes. Letting her skirt fall, Alice raised her eyes to meet Blanch’s.

Ch.7: Another Accident for Blanch

Alice and Blanch stared at eachother for a moment, letting an embarrassed silence hang in the air. Then, Blanch started peeing. Both girls glanced down at the line of pee, like a string tying Blanch’s pelvis to the ground. Blanch hadn’t gotten her skirt out of the way, but Alice noticed it was already wet. It seemed that there earlier incident hadn’t satisfied Blanch’s bladder for long. The pee was short, about 2 seconds, and the is seemed like it was just a trickle. Blanch let out an exasperated sigh.

“Sorry about that. Almost anything can set me off some days.” Blanch said softly. “You look familiar. I didn’t know a new maid was arriving, but if Mary Ann needs the help, I’m glad to hire one.” she gestured to the door. “Could you go to my room and bring me a pair of panties and a fresh skirt? My skirt would drip on the floor..” her arms were folded nervously.

“You can get a pair for yourself too.” Blair suggested, glancing at Alice's abandoned panties.

Alice looked at the forlorn rabbit girl in her waterlogged skirt, and decided to help her. Climbing the steps, she went through the door, and up the stairs. After opening a few doors, she found Blanch’s bedroom. Looking around for the dresser Alice gained further understanding of the extent of Blanch’s bladder issues. There were 3 chamber pots placed around the room, labeled “for emergencies only”. The chairs all had discreet plastic covers, as did the mattress. In addition to a hamper, there was a small plastic bin marked “Wet Clothing”. Walking to the dresser, Alice noted adjoining bathroom.

Blanch had dozens of pairs of underwear, and she selected a pair of lavender briefs for her, and a peach pair with white lace for Blanch. Grabbing a mango-colored ruffled skirt, she set Blanch’s stuff on the bed. Wiping herself off in the bathroom, she returned and pulled up the lavender panties. As soon as the panties were on, she started to grow. In minutes, she had grown too big to fit through the door. Unsure of what to do Alice called for help.

Ch. 8: Wetting in the Face of Fear

Blanch heard the new maid calling for help, and saw the elbow of a giant through the window. She ran to the garden shed, where she found Rossett. Blanch had befriended the Lizard-girl long ago, and was thrilled when she came to work at her house. The tall, thin 20 year-old had long black hair and yellow-green eyes. She was wearing a pink rose-print dress with a smock, and galoshes. Hearing Blanch pounding at the door, she walked over and opened it.

“Whatever you weed on, your over reacting. Keep jumping like that, and you’ll wee in your trousers again.” Rosette chided, not mentioning her friends saturated skirt.

“Someone's in the house! The new maid is being held hostage!” Blanch shouted.

Rosette’s eyes narrowed. “Get the neighbors for help” she ordered, grabbing a shovel.

As Blanch ran away, Rosette snuck up the stairs. The giants back was turned, the maid presumably somewhere behind her. Stealthily making her way to the giet, she raised her shovel, and smacked the giant’s knee.

The giant gave a horrible roar, and picked up Rosette in her monstrous fists. “I thought if you hit a giant’s knee, the were knocked unconscious” Rosette thought “This giant must be freakishly strong!” Rosset started screaming. The giant was trying to talk, but Rosette couldn't stop screaming. She had never been so scared in her life.

She didn’t notice that she was weeing her pants in fear until she heard the first spattering on the floor. This wasn’t like her normal wees, where a steady stream rushed out of her. Her body was clenching in panic, releasing wee in dribbles and spurts. It took at least ten minutes for the squirts of wee to empty her bladder fully. With the contents of her bladder were sprayed around the floor, she heard the commotion outside.

Blanch had gathered a small mob of neighbors, and they started to throw cakes through the window. The giant must not have known they were anti-giant cakes, because she shrugged and ate one. Suddenly, the giant vanished, and the new maid was unharmed in her place. “You're safe now.” consoled Rosette, still damp with wee.

*014*2017-07-23 15:10

Writing this story is really fun for me, so I have a few more chapters. These chapters spend longer with specific characters, but i'm trying to avoid seeming repetitive. These characters are probably going to be around for most of the story, but I'll definitely have Alice interacting with new people too. The story has gotten a bit sexier, in that theres more sense with nudity and such. I plan to continue this trend overall, being slightly more graphic, and adding more characters like Opal, who have omoarshi or other pee-related fetishes. I'm trying to keep things varied, though, so there will still be some 'soft-core' (?) scenes too. I hope everyone enjoys reading the story, because I really enjoy writing it.-SomeGirl

Ch.9: All About Blanch’s Bladder

When Alice walked out with the still confused Rosette, Blanch ran up to her, followed by a older woman in a maids uniform. The uniform was similar to Alice’s, but dark blue and longer. The woman looked to be in her early forties, with grey-streaked red hair. She had hazel eyes, light freckles, and a calm demeanor. She was tall, with muscular arms, and a full bust. Reaching Alice, she held out her hand to greet her.

“Hello, I’m Mary Ann.” she shock Alice’s hand “I don’t remember calling for any extra help, but it certainly is a good day to get some.” smiling, she led the three girls to the front porch.

“I’m not actually a maid.” Alice explained “I was hoping Blanch could help me get home.”

Alice told a very abridged version of the story, downplaying their little bladder mishaps as much as possible.

“We may know someone who can help you.” said Mary Ann “There's a oracle the next town over. We were going to visit in two days time. If you stay here, we would happily bring you.” she offered. “I really could use the help for today too. The queen is visiting next week, and I’m so busy with preparations, I’ve been forced to neglect Blanch.” she pleaded. Alice saw no reason to disagree, and consented to the temporary job. Mary Ann started to explain her duties, as she walked over to Blanch to get her out of her saturated skirt.

“Blanch is a lady of the court, and a excellent one at that, but she has always struggled with her bladder.” Mary Ann paused “Blanch, where are your underwear. Did you take them off again. You know the breeze agitates your bladder.” Blanch’s shuffling that suggested she certainly knew. “Do you want to tinkle in the bush before we try to go up the stairs?” Blanch nodded, before shuffling to the closest bush. Mary Ann continued over the faint trickling sound “As you can see, Blanch’s bladder is very temperamental. It fills quickly and often without warning. Part of my job is to prevent and manage her accidents.”

She paused, turning to Rosette “You're looking a bit damp yourself. Did you have an incident too?” she asked. Rosette muttered that she’d tell her about it later, as Mary Ann helped her step out of her wet skirt and rose-print briefs. Blanch rejoined the conversion. “I’m preparing for the queen’s visit, so I’d like you to help Blanch with her potty situation.” She finished, leading the girls inside. Sending Rosette and Blanch upstairs to bathe, she started a long list detailing Blanch’s toilet struggles:

Things that might make her suddenly desperate:

- Hearing, thinking about, Or seeing someone else pee, or need to pee

- Sensations like water, cool breezes, or itchy fabric

- Running water in any form

- Words she associates with urgency, like flood, hold, or bursting

Reasons she May be More Likely to Wet:

- High fluid intake

- Not going to bathroom often enough

- Bouncing of her bladder, like by running

Situations to be Prepared For:

- She wets the bed, or wakes up so desperate she has an accident in her bed

- Sometimes she's incontinent, and her bladder will empty without warning

- She often refuses to relieve herself in her pants, even when encouraged to, until she can’t stop it.

- On average she has 3-4 accidents a day, and makes it to the toilet 2-5 times. Shes under a lot of stress right now, so it may be more.

Mary Ann explained that she had some diapers, but she mainly wore them during royal meetings. Sometimes she would get to the bathroom in time, but the diaper would be to cumbersome to take off fast enough. It seemed like it often was a race against the clock for Blanch. Alice agreed to encourage Blanch to visit the restroom, help her into dry clothes, and get her through potty emergencies. All being settled, they went to tell Blanch about the plan. Blanch and Rosette were just stepping out of the bathroom when they arrived.

Alice helped Blanch dress in clean clothes as Mary Ann explained the plan. Handing her the peach panties she never got to deliver, she picked a creamy strapless bra, and a peach sundress out of the dresser. As Blanch got dressed, Alice went to pick out shoes. Grabbing a pair of white flats, she went to give them to Blanch. To Alice’s shock Blanch had a leg twisted around the other and a deer-in-the-headlight expression.

“Muu...Mu..M-MY HAIR!” Blanch screamed “IT’S DRIPPING! TOO WET! I THINK I N-NEED TO...Eeeek” shrieked the rabbit-girl, as she sprinted into the bathroom.

She didn't have time to close the door, so the audience of three had full audio of the event. They heard the smack of her hurriedly knocking the toilet seat up, the shuffling of her frenzy to get in position. Through the open door, they could see her start to pull her fresh panties down as she settled on the bowl. It was gonna be a photo finish.

“OhOhOHH...Urrrk..Ahhhhh…” Blanch sighed with gratification, as her stream was held back long enough for her to get lined up with the toilet bowl. She finished sitting, as the gushing of water on water rang out. Her face conveyed total serenity, as she was filled with pride and relief. The 4 second release ended, and she cleaned herself and stood. Pulling up her panties, she revelled in their still-dry feel. Turning to flush, she peeked down at her weewee. She had been ready to piddle on the floor, but she managed to release the tinke exactly where it belonged. Smiling brightly, she flushed the toilet.

Rejoining the other girls, she gave a thumbs up. “Not even a leak. It all went in the bowl.” she smiled. The other girls smiled too, glad to see Blanch dry and happy.

Ch.10: Doors, Dinner, and Desperation

It was early evening by now, and Mary Ann went to start dinner. Alice remained in Blanch’s room, attending Blanche as she looked over some legislative proposals. Rosette had changed into a borrowed pink hipster panties, and a pink dress with black dots. She was sitting next to Alice on the bed, watching Blanch and chatting.

“What did Mary Ann mean when she said Blanch was a lady of the court?” Alice asked.

“Well, she's the daughter of a lourd, and rules this section of the kingdom.” Rosette explained “She’s a kind and just ruler. She’s very mature when she’s not desperate, which admittedly isn’t often, but she still manages to fulfill her responsibilities.” Rosette said with a smile.

“You all seem really close.” commented Alice “It’s kind of like my sisters back home…”

“I’ve known Blanch since my mum became gardener at her family home when we were kids. Mary Ann was her governess before she moved out...” Rosette traild off, lost in memory.

Mary Ann was calling Rosette to come set the table. Rosette turned to Alice, “Make sure Blanch comes to dinner on an empty bladder. Otherwise there's no way she’ll stay dry through dessert.” she advised with a wink.

“Blanch. It’s almost time for dinner. Anything you want to take care of first?” she asked gently. Nodding Blanch briskly walked to the bathroom. She had just sat down, when she realized Alice saw her through the open door. Looking down at her lap, she confirmed that her wee was well underway. She couldn't stand up and close the door.

“Sorry about the door…” the blushing bunny-girl called out “To be honest, I usually have to choose between closing the door and making it to the toilet. I guess it’s become a habit.” Her gaze still rested on her lap. “You're doing a really good job.” her wee was still going strong, so Blanch continued “Your timing was so good, I had at least 15 seconds to spare before I lost control. It’s usually a lot closer.” She finished, as the flow finally reached it end, after 4 seconds of awkward talking.

Cleaning off, Blanch and Alice walked down the stairs.

The dinner table was set with carrot soup, mushroom roast, and watermelon salad. Pulling Mary Ann aside Alice whispered “Isn’t watermelon a diuretic?” Mary Ann smiled and shook her head. “Dear Blanche wets herself regardless, so we just try to accept it. Thank you for your concern though. If you have any more questions, please wait until she gets ready for bed. I’ll help you with the preparations.” and everyone started eating.

For all her talk of diuretic effects, Alice ate almost half the watermelon salad. She gave her serving of roast to Rosette, and only had half her soup. After a dessert of berry sorbet, the four women went to Blanch’s room to prepare for bed.

Ch 11.The Fountain of (Desperate) Youth

Alice wore a borrowed blue pajama set, Blanch a yellow nightgown, Rosette a pink cotton nighty, and Mary Ann a grey-green slip.

”Can I ask some questions now?” Alice asked

“Wait one second. Blanch, why don’t you sit on the toilet.” After Blanch was seated, dress gathered at her waist and pantys dangling on her ankles, Mary Ann turned back to Alice “If we’re discussing weewee, Blanch will be more comfortable on the toilet.” Mary Ann explained. Blanch urinated as soon as she sat, but didn’t move to stand. She knew more was coming.

“Ok. um.. It doesn't seem like the amount Blach can hold or release is consistent ? How does she even drink enough water to produce so much?” Alice asked.

“As a baby, Blanche survived an assassination attempt. She was poisoned, but instead of bursting her bladder, the potion made it the way it is now.” Explained Mary Ann.

“Is there any rhyme or reason to it?” Alice tried to wrap her head around it.

Rosette decided to chime in for this one “It’s not predictable, but sometimes she has bad days. And their like, insanely bad for her. I think it might be supernatural, she wees so much.” Rosette ignored the warning look from Mary Ann.

“One time, when we were kids, we were playing near where my mum was installing a fountain, and she went inside for a minute, and Blanch suddenly started yelling about how bad she had to whiz, so I told her to run to the house. So she tried, but she wasn’t gonna make it, so when she passed the fountain, she just hopped right in and full force weed herself.” Rosette had no intention of stopping

“So she's just weeing and weeing, and she looks so happy to be getting it out that I decided to hike up my skirts and wee in the grass.” Rosette giggled

“So I take a long whiz and pull my pants back up, and then I relizes, she's still weeing, and hard. It’s even still making that hissing, you know, like when you're weeing a lot at once.” Rosette smiled at Blanch, as the two reminisced.

“So I’m confused, and I walk over to check it out, and I see that Blanche is up to her ankles. And this is a big fountain too. So I’m standing there staring, and she just kept going. She wasn’t sure of what to do either, so we just stood there and watched the water level rise. So it's been, like, 5 minutes and she's waist-deep at this point, and I guess she was still weeping, because it started to slosh out the sides. From start to end, it was 7 minutes long .” Rosette leaned back against the tub “The most amazing part is that she wet her pants at lunch an hour latter.” shaking her head in wonder as she finished her story.

A loud stream rang through the room, and three sets of eyes turned to Blanch. Blanch smiled shyly, “Even remembering that day in the fountain sets me off.” she laughed, her companions joining her.

Ch.12:

Alice was sleeping on a cot set up next to Blanch’s bed. She had declined Blanch’s offer to share her bed after being warned that Blanch wasn't exactly dry all night. Lying on their beds, Blanch asked Alice a question “You're from far away, right? So you've seen a lot of places? I need to ask,” Blanch paused, her voice wavering “ Do you think my, well, issues will prevent me from finding a life partner?” the voice came through the dark. “I’m sure you’ll meet someone.” Suddenly she thought of something “ Wait, by life partner you mean another girl, right? because I met a girl yesterday that probably would like those issues” Alice mentioned. She didn’t know Opal the mouse-girl well, but she was confident in her willingness to accept Blanche’s issues. “Really? Who is she? Whats she like?” Blanch was very excited.

“Well I only met her briefly, but she seemed nice, and was very...enthusiastic about urin. I’m not sure whether she likes girls, but it may be worth a try.” Alice told Blanch. The rabbit-girl was so excited she released a jet of pee, and didn’t even notice the dark wet spot on the sheets. “Everyone in wonderland visits the Queen’s Water-Sports Regatta, can you introduce me there?” Blanch squealed. “Sure. Now go to sleep.”Alice murmured. Both girls drifted into dreamland.

It was almost sunrise when Alice stirred awake. Apparently, watermelon was diuretic, because she was more than ready for a trip to the john. Trying not to wake Blanche, Alice got up slowly. Apparently, she wasn’t quite enough, because when she was almost seated, she hear Blanch bolt upright. Blanch was panting, and rocking on the bed slightly. She suddenly rushed to get out of her bed, and it took Alice a second to long to realize why.

Blanch’s foot trampled down on Alice’s bladder, and both their fates were sealed. Alice screamed in pain as her pajamas were filled an explosive torrent of hot pee.

The warm water on Blanch’s foot, as she tumbled over Alice, flipped a switch, and Alice felt a stream of hot fluid hit her stomach and chest. Both girls were screaming in half-asleep confusion, when Mary Ann and Rosette ran in. “What’s wrong” shouted Mary Ann in a panic. As both girls stopped screaming and took in the situation, all eyes came to rest on Alice’s drenched chest and hips. “Is that mine?’ Blanch asked embarrassed, as Alice stood to discard her shirt. “Only some of it” Alice muttered, blushing as she dropped her pants and underwear.

“Sorry” Blanch removed her nightgown, and now sat in her soaked panties and soggy sheets.

“It’s fine” Alice sighed, pee slick down her thighs and dripping down her breasts.

The awkward silence was broken by rosette, when she voluntarily pissed herself, stripping of her nighty as she let out what little she had. Everyone stared at the lizard girl, standing in stained panties and smirking over a miniscule puddle. “What?” she asked “Everyone else was doing it!”

Ch. 13:

Over a breakfast of orange juice and oatmeal, the hosts explained their itinerary to Alice. The Water-Sports Regatta was held in 2 days time. On the way, they would be stopping by an Oracle, to pay their respects. Blanche unveiled her plan to have Alice play matchmaker, to the excitement of her companions.

“Wait, you're introducing Blanch to someone! Ok you were already invited to join us, but now you're, like doble invited! Actually triple? No wait, you're invited times infinity!” Rosette was ecstatic.

“They grow up so fast.” said Mary Ann, wistfully.

Rosette went to load the bags onto the cart, and Mary Ann was reviewing the maps. Blanch was double checking some of the documents she was going to deliver to the queen.

Mary Ann told Alice they would leave in 10 minutes, and to make sure Blanch was ready. Walking up the stairs, and into the bedroom Alice walked over to Blanch’s desk. “Hey, Blanche” Alice asked “We're leaving in ten minutes. We should both pee, and double check the supplies”. Blanch stood suddenly. “I was so busy…Should have gone befor...ummm… gotta get to the bathroom..Kahaa.” Blanche's voice strained under her dire need.

Blanch started her slow, stiff shuffle towards the bathroom, before coming to a grinding halt. “I-I’m leaking.” she squeaked, gasping as another spurt broke out “Oh No...It's not stopping, Alice! Eek, it happened again. Oh-uhh, another's coming. I can’t stop it for long.Ummm...”.

She leaned against a wall, using it as a brace as she pushed her bladder with her hands.

”...I can’t make it...One move and...Uuuh” Blaunch murmured to herself, rubbing up against the wall behind her.

Alice wanted to help her new friend. Looking around, Alice spied one of the ‘for emergencies only’ chamber pots. Grabbing the vessel, she lept to Blanche's side. Setting it next at her feet, Alice gave Blanch some space.

Determination was radiating from Blanche, as she carefully removed her hands, legs staying locked together, and reached under her skirt for her panties. Taking a deep breath, Blanch yanked down panties, dropped into a squat, and released her flood in a single motion.

It wasn’t a stream, but a spray of urine that was released into the pot, hissing and sputtering for 3 ½ seconds. “Mmmm” Blanch hummed as she let out the last spurt. She had appeased her tyrannical bladder, and preserved the floorboards.

Pulling up her panties, Blanch picked up the chamber pot. “Thank you, Alice. That was a close one.” she said as she went to empty it in the toilet. Alice checked on all the contingencies for Blanch’s bladder: diapers, a chamber pot,urin bottles, plastic bed liners, dozens of extra panties, several skirts, and laundry supplies. Blanch returned, and accepted Alice’s offered diaper. Pulling down her damp panties, she lay back and put it on herself. Grabbing half the bags, she lead Alice out to the cart.

Ch.14: The Tent of Wonder and Chamber Pots

By the time they reached the first destination of the day, Blanch had used 3 diapers; wetting 14 times in 5 hours. The bumpy road had her bladder turned up to 11, and she was eager to switch to pantys. The heavy, soggy sensation was very unpleasant . Parking the carriage outside the Oracle’s camp of jewel-colored tents, Rosette led the horses to the stables. In the carriage, Blanch peed in the diaper one more time, before removing the tapes. The diaper hit the ground with a loud squelch. Blanch hurried in cleaning herself and slipping on dry panties. Alice walked Blanch to the nearest bathroom tent, wheil Marry Ann went to put her dreched diper in the landry.

The topaz-colored tent had been considerately turned into a semi-public restroom. The gentle light from ceiling lanterns illuminated, while preserving modesty. Several changing screens had been arranged around a few large chamber pots, presumably for the comfort of visitors with bashful bladders. Inoffensive music wafted in, covering the sighs and hisses that invariably accompanied road trip pit stops. There was a changing station, which Alice made a mental note of for Blanch, and dozens of large chamber pots placed around the room.

Someone went to the work of carving channels into the ground, helping the contents flow out of the pots. The frame of the tent was designed around vents, keeping the air natural smelling. There was a handwashing station outside the tent, and a small couch to make squirming until a pot opened up less of a struggle. Next to the changing station, were an assortment of child size potties. The restroom was so nice, Blanch felt her bladder while up in anticipation. Blanch was surprised to see Alice squirming along with her, as they staggered to a empty group of chamber bots, partially concealed by decorative palm plants. Smiling at each other, the two girls let their panties slip to their ankles, and stooped over the vessels for some long-overdue relief.

“Oh!” Alice exclaimed at the force of her stream. Giggling, she reached down and used her hand as a stopper, showing Blanch how the pee arched and swirled with her manipulations. Blanch stifled a laugh as she pressed her pee out faster, making Alice laugh at the deafening hiss. Blanch finished first, and sat on the earth next to her pot.

Alice smiled awkwardly as she peed ceaselessly into the cyrillian-glazed clay pot. The two girls glanced between Alice’s bare thighs, into the ¾ full container. The rising water table was quivering around Alice’s continued contributions.

“Wow! You peed even more than I did!” Blanch was shocked and impressed. She tilted her half-full carmine-red chamber pot to Alice, showing her rippling of her the less abundant contents. “I couldn’t tell you had to go at all. You can hold so much!” Blanch was gazing into the quivering golden water. Alice shrugged “The ride over here was so bumpy, and there were no pit stops. And once I saw such a nice loo, I couldn't think about anything elts.” Alice’s gush was slowing to a trickle “It’s nice how casual Wonderland is about this stuff. It’s necessary and inevitable, so why not enjoy what you can about it.” Alice finished her sentence along with her pee. Alice lowered herself down across from Blanch.

As the girls discussed bathroom philosophies, Rosette loudly burst past the tent flaps. Waving her over, Blanch and Alice shifted to give her access to a unused chamber pot. Rosette almost trampled her friends in her frenzied rush for the beckoning basin. Dropping trou, she sank into a squat, clasped hands dangling between spread knees. A long sigh escaped as she opened the spigot, and freed a spout of wee into the thirst bowl. There were no words for a second, wheil Rosette basked in the closely averted accident. Her eyes were closed, and her jaw hung slack.

When she was halfway done, she finally remembered how to talk. “Never go to a stable when you need to take a leak.” Rosette bluntly advised “You ever seen a horse take a piss? It’s like a waterfall, but with a louder hiss. I thought I could wait, but after that, I just turned on my heel and made a mad dash for the bathroom.” Shaking her head, the stream was almost done. She had filled the pearly pink basin halfway to the brim. Blanch returned to her pot for a very brief sympathy wee.

Before anyone could speak, Mary Ann stiffly walked in. Her wide smile when she saw the three girls surrounded by available pots, panties still around their ankles, spoke to how intense her urge to wee was. Stiffly moving to the closest peeing bowl, she pulled her panties down, only having time to get them to her knees, and perched on the edge. Her stream was dainty, despite the clearly ample supply. “I’m glad to see you all found the loo in time” she said, glancing at the still dry underwear resting on their feet. Alice asked about the Oracle, as Mary Ann’s delicate tinkling slowly emptied her of her surplus into the eggplant colored potty bowl.

“Well, she actually has a person inhale mushroom incense based on what they want to know. She uses golden showers as a method of divination, so she asks that everyone go potty before they drink anything, to get the clearest picture of what lies ahead.” Mary Ann explained to the incredulous Alice “Oh, don’t be embarrassed. She does this all the time. It’s her job” As the weewee finally slowed to a dribble, the four woman stood. “It’s a small price to pay to get back home..”Alice thought, determined to do what it took.

*017*2017-07-24 18:53

I'm really having fun writing this story. The chapters I'm posting all take place at the Oracle's Camp. I'm going to add more new characters in the next chapters. If there are any specific scenes you want in fanfic please feel free to request. I should warn that I'm not into messing, but I can always use inspirations. I may not use some of the ideas, or change certine parts. I think it goes without saying that I may use the ideas in my story, and I'll try to remember to give credit. -SomeGirl

Ch.15: A Golden Stream of Universal Wisdom

The Oracle’s tent was large, and made of blue satin. The interior had several complex platforms over reclining couches. Plumes of brightly colored smoke sounded various clusters of pillows. Each group of chairs matched to smoke billowing around it. In one corner there was a bar with large tanks of colorful liquids. Opposite the bar, was a changing area with angelic white robes. Sitting on a overstuffed thrown at the back, was the oracle.

The woman was tall and willowy, with deep-blue skin. Her waist length hair was the color of amethysts, and her pitch black eyes sparkled with knowledge. Her long saffron and gold robe clung to her figure, a rainbow cape fanned out behind her like butterfly wings. She smiled when she saw her visitors.

“Hello Lady Blanch.” the woman cooed “How nice to see you and your companions again.” she turned to Alice “She’s new, I suppose?” she asked. Alice could only nod in awe, as Mary Ann explains the reason for the visit. The mysterious woman addressed her audience:

“Welcome, my fellow seekers of divine knowledge” her arms spread graciously “My title is Madam Celestine, Divine Oracle of the Temple of the Reemergent Butterfly. Please just call me Celestine, though.” She addressed this part to Alice. ”I assume you all have questions prepared?” she continued, receiving nods of affirmation

“If you’d like to ask privately, we can go to the changing room. Otherwise, what should I petition the heavens for this afternoon?” She fell silent waiting for the answers.

“Alice is introducing me to someone at the Regatta. I want to know if it will work out.” Blanch shyly requested.

“I’ve been breeding a new type of rose all year. I’m going to present it to the Queen after the opening ceremony. Do the heavens have any advice?” Rosette asked nervously, shrugging her shoulders.

Mary Ann cleared her throat “Whenever I’m alone in the house, I feel a sad presence. I don’t think it's dangerous, but I’d like to deal with it, or at least know what it is.”

“I want to find a way home.” Alice said, gathering her strength. She would get back, she couldn’t back down.

Celestine smiled and handed them all robes from the changing room. Instructing the company to take everything off, and change into the robes. The robes were loose, and barely reached the thigh. The silky white cloth had blue butterflies printed on it, and tied with a golden sash. Blanch gave a frenzied request for a bathroom break, and the three women were left to change while Celestine led her to the bathroom. The three girls had removed their outer wear by the time Blanch walked back in, conspicuously bottomless.

“ We didn’t quite make it, but she was about to change any way.” Celestine explained “Her dress is drying in the bathroom.” she softly offered. Blanch unbuttoned her top, and took of her shoes. All the girls had left to do was take off the underwear. Blanch was already mostly exposed, so she just shrugged off her orange floral bra. Without clothing, a fluffy bunny tail above her butt was visible. Everyone else followed suit, removing their bra and underwear. Mary Ann even removed her hairpins and spectacles. Fastening the robes around their waists, they turned to Celestine.

Ch.16: A Lesson in Pee-Based Theology

“You all look lovely.” Celestine beamed “Now, as most of you know, I use wonderland incense smoke to ask for more specific information. Each of you will go to a different smoke station. While there, my priestesses will bring you drinks.” Alice suddenly became aware of a dozen pale blue maiden in buttercup yellow tunics, moving soundlessly through the tent. Celestine smiled at her shook “Amazing, aren't they? Our order calls them Chrysalis Priestesses. They help in so many ways. For instance, they stealthily observe the happenings of the bathroom tent. It teaches them to gather knowledge from the golden stream of wisdom.” the Oracle told the shocked girl. “Blanch, sit in the pink smoke area; Mary Ann, sit in the blue smoke area; Rosette, you have the green smoke area. The apple green, not the sea green; And Alice, you will join me in the gold smoke area.” she instructed. Handing Blanch a urine bottle on the way, she guided Alice to the golden plumes of smoke.

Waving over a priestess, Celestine ordered drinks to be brought to each girl.

“Keep those cups full.” she reminded. Turning back to Alice she looked at the girl from another world. “I don’t suppose you've heard of our order before?” Alice shook her head “Well, I love to talk about it, so it all works out.

The Butterfly Temple is centered of learning from the golden streams of the universe. “ She paused as Alice’s drink arrived. Alice enjoyed the tart apple-mint concoction as Celestine continued.

Meanwhile, Blanch was hesitantly siping a large glass of rhubarb tonic, swirling the crushed strawberries with her straw. Even though she had been here many times and knew Celestine was understanding of her bladder problems, she still got anxious. Wetting was never as bad as she thought it would be, but she couldn't fully shake her concern. Celestine actually admired Blanch’s issues, saying she contained a bottomless spring of divine knowledge.

She finished her first drink, and was given another one. She decided to use the urine bottle Celestine gave her, situating the funnel neck and letting it go inside. She closed her eye to enjoy the relief, and only opened them when she finished. She almost screamed at the sight. She had some how filled the large bottle over halfway, and she had only been there 5 of the 20 minutes. She could pee one more time, maximum, befor the bottle overflowed. She would have to choose wisely. Crossing her legs and setting down her drink, she hunkered down for a difficult 15 minutes.

Celestine was so engaging, that Alice didn't pay any mind to her bladder filling as she started on her 4th refill. She just crossed her legs and focused on the Oracle’s monolog. The ‘golden streams of the universe’ were flowing channels that connected everyone on a spiritual level. Living creatures accessed the stream through their bladders. The sensation of relief after urination is the energy escaping you, and reaching out to other energy. That's why seeing someone pee instils the same urge in you.

Mary Ann finished her 8th serving of lime-mango granita. It was strange, but her bladder felt totally empty. The 20 minutes were halfway over and she felt ready to take a long horseback ride. She asked the priestess refreshing her drink, and she explained that her drink had delayed effects. Desperation would be triggered by trying to urinate and/or motion. Setting the glass of fruity slush back on the table, Mary Ann focused on sitting still. If she started to feel those 8.25 drinks, she would be in a world of trouble.

The butterfly practitioners worshiped the Ever Flowing Goddess and the Soaked God, the union of two energies that all energy was part of. They had many children: twins desperaion and relife; a god of male vitality and standing urination; a goddess of bedwetting and her consort, the god of protective undergarments to name a few.

Pointing out an alter, Celestine started telling her which idol was which. The ever flowing goddess was plated with gold, her meticulously sculpted stream of never ending urine shining brightly. The Soaked God was adorned with yellow crystals, to represent the droplets that clung to his robes. Desperation and Relief were locked in the eternal dance. The vitality god held his penis, forming grand arching ribbons with his pee. Their daughter slept peacefully, a pool of energy-charged urine cradling her; her lover watched over her in his diaper. Celestine began telling Alice of their myths.

Rosette pondered whether it would be wise to finish off drink number 3. The citrusy root beer they were serving her came in freakishly huge glasses. She was already bouncing one leg as it crossed the other. With 5 minutes to go, she decided to risk it.

Celestine was telling Alice about their 24 hour holding meditations, when a priestess tapped her shoulder. The time for the divination had come, and Alice’s legs shook with anxiety and the urge to go pee. She had drank 5.5 drinks, and could feel every sip resting in her bladder. Assigning each girl to a priestess, Celestine walked over to a platform.“

The attendant priestesses will help you manage your bladders until time.” the priestesses added their hands to their clients grasp on their crotch “Blanch, please get on this platform” she said, gesturing to the strange structure above her.

Ch. 17: The Pee Prophet

Blanch had held off on her final pee until she only had 3 minutes to go. It had been a struggle, and the urine bottle had overflowed, but she felt confident about making it through the start of the ritual. Her bladder felt empty, but she was equally confident in her ability to release more than enough pee when the time came. All she had to do was think about something that could set her off. The platform she was on featured a toilet seat suspended by 4 sturdy poles. Below, there was a hole revealing the ground underneath. At Celestine’s instruction Blanch sat on the bottomless chair. Celestine removed her robes and positioned herself directly beneath the hole. Standing with her arms and legs straight down, she told Blanch to start when she was ready.

It wasn’t hard for her to go, she just replayed the memory of the pee she took with Alice in the bathroom tents. The memory of Alice’s pee, chiming in the clay vessel, quickly released a cascade over Celestine’s head. Celestine closed her eyes, and allowed Blach’s personal waterfall to wash away everything but her bond to the divine. The warm water was abundant, flowing down the top of her head to her bare feet. Blanch’s energy poured down her shoulders, her back, her rear. The abundance mirrored her generous nature, and the ease with which she produces it suited a leader. The rapid path the drops formed down her cheeks showed her willingness to ‘go with the flow’. Gazing into the golden sheet of pee in front of her eyes, she saw Blanch’s future.

Alice may not know it yet, but she was leading Blanch down the path to her soulmate. Beyond the obvious attraction, Opal was enthusiastic and creative, with a warm personality. Gazing into the hazy far further, she saw a baby girl with ears both like a rabbit, and like a mouse. As Blanch finally stopped pouring down on her, she smiled. “The match is good, Blanch.”

Mary Ann walked up the platform. Hooking her elbows in her rings, she slid her feet apart. Following Celestine’s instruction, she started to sway back and forth, focusing on her bladder. Now that she was really thinking about it she did need to tinkle. And the more she focused on detecting it, the more pee-pee she seemed to contain. She started to sway faster, the weewee violently sloshing back and forth in her bladder. She kept swaying, and started to hop on her feet a little. She couldn't hold it. Not anymore. So Mary Ann went potty right their on the grate.

Celestine kneeled below, and was doused by Mary Ann’s ‘wee-wee’. It seemed rare for Mary Ann to lose control to this extent. She was staring in shock at the mess she was making. Rather than the dainty tinke her attendants had reported, she was peeing out a chaotic inverted-geyser. The pee was very forceful: gushing; spurting; surging. It rushed onto Celestine’s back, splattered on her the grate, and splashed onto the ground around her.

Mary Ann’s lawless release showed a surplus of wisdom. The primal hissing of her stream was like the roar of a mother lion. Interpreting the patterns and symbols made by the now slowing down pore, Celestine read the divine instructions. “The sad presence in your home is a confused summer spirit. The unseasonable warmth has led him to assume it’s still summer. It’s young and confused about why none of his loved ones are around. Your best course of action is to gently demonstrate that autumn has come. Fill your house with arrangements of colorful leaves and chrysanthemums..”

There was a lot of squirming from Rosette, as the attendants strapped her so she dangled above the platform. When they finished her legs were shaking urgently. The straps suspeneded her while the gental bondege kept her in a postion that made holding difficult. Her legs were spread and pulled towards her chest, knees bending at a 60 degree angle. She was hanging diagonally, aimed directly at the fresh white sheet lying on the ground. Celestine quickly lay down below, and gave Rosette the much anticipated go-ahead.

Sighing and letting her body go slack, she unleashed like a faucet onto Celestine's breasts and face. l. She was expertly aimed at Celestine. Celestine had a better vantage point in this ritual, she watched a fountain appear between Rosette’s open legs. The boldness of her gush was indicative of bravery, and the steady flow showed determination and patience. Focusing on the reflective sheen of pee on her breasts, she glimpsed the best course of action. Almost as suddenly as it started, Rosette stopped peeing.

“The Heavens advise that you present the roses before the Regatta opens. The Queen will be very busy during the event, so do it quickly and early. For extra luck, drink elixir of spearmint befor bed, and urinate the next morning, right before you give Queen Valentine the Roses.”

Alice approached her platform on very shaky legs, hands clasped between her legs. Wincing, she managed to pull herself up the steps. Celestine rushed to the chair in front of the platform, and sat down. Telling Alice to just squat and pee down the chute, she secured the other end in place. Alice squatted over the chute, grabbing safety railings for balance, and let go of her pee.

As she spilled the contents of her overburdened bladder, Alice whited out for a second. The pee was rushing down the chute, into Celestines lap. The warmth of the pool forming between her legs ment Alice was a kind, compassionate soul. The flow’s rhythmic surges showed determination and high energy. Watching the golden river run down the chute and into her lap, Celestine saw the path that would lead Alice back home. “After the Regada, the Queen will show you a route in and out of wonderland. In order to fulfill this prophecy, you need to help prepare for and execute the event, and attend as many events as you can.”

The division session came to an end. The four women accepted Celestine’s Gracious offer to spend the night before going back to the road. The four women changed, and went to rest in their tents.

Ch.18: The Mob of Desperate Priestesses

On the way to the tents, Blanch requested a stop in the chamberpot tent. Rosette walked her there, while Alice and Mary Ann went to prepare their guest tent. It was late afternoon, but the tent was surprisingly empty. Blanch and Rosette both sat on chamber pots, but Rosette couldn’t do anything after whizzing out so much on Celestine. Pulling up her pants, she sat on a nearby stool to wait for Blanch’s pee to stop drumming in the jar. A sudden clamor burst through the tents, as about 2 dozen pale blue priestesses ran in, jostling each other as they moved. Each young lady rushed to the nearest chamber pot. There were more than enough, but some were farther away from the door, and each maiden was bursting with pee. Legs twisted and bent with urgency. Girls awkwardly danced as the closest vessel were snapped up. A few girls sunk down and crawled to the distant bowls.

“Hey, I saw that one first” the indigent girl was shifting from foot to foot in front of the now occupied pot.

“Oooo..OooOoo…” groaned a maiden who was almost to the toilet. Just a few more steps.

“Just.In.Time.” sighed a girl as she lowered herself onto her vase.

Apparently, watching the earlier demonstration had raised the water pressure for everyone in the divination tent.

The loud clamor of the pissing maidens came in three shifts, each accompanied by more moaning and sighing than the last. First, were the girls lucky enough to snag a seat on the chamber pots by the door. Second, came the girls who had bolted past them to rest on the vessels on the middle. Finally, the deafening hissing roar of the girls who tried to wait for a closer bowl, before dashing to the back of the tent in the nick of time.

Blanch had thought she was done, but the frenzied urgency of the maidens brought more pee gushing out. She finished with the first shift.

Rosette was amazed “And all this after you whizzed on yourself during each divination session too.” Rosette shook her head in disbelief “I’m always surprised at what you're capable of pissing out.” The girls walked over to the guest tent.

19: A Dinner Spent Desperately Squeezing Your Crotch

When the ladies reconvened in the tent, they decided to enjoy some rest and personal space during their one night stay, before getting back on the road. Mary Ann went to a library tent, to relax with a book. Rosette decided to take a walk down by the brook. Blanch decided on a nap, and was quickly falling asleep in her bed. The tent was pale green, with 4 narrow beds arranged in the corners. Lying on the yellow and white quilting, Alice found herself dozing off.

Blanch awakened right befor evening, and looked over to see Alice sleeping across from her. It seemed like something was missing...Blanch barely had to pee at all, and her sheets were still dry. This situation was pretty much alien to her, and she decided to wait to see what happens.

The sun was setting, so she got Alice up for dinner. The yawning girls started towards the cantina, walking straight past the bathrooms as they did. Blanch considered a pit stop, but still didn’t feel the pricking sensation between her legs to indicate need. Alice asked her to save the table, while she got the starter from the serving counter. Blanch watched her walk away, until she felt her bladder tremble around it’s slight burden. She couldn't leave the table, and the pressure still felt manageable, so she squeezed herself to help her wait for Alice’s return. Suddenly, she couldn't feel the pee anymore. Looking at her hands and her skirt she saw she was still dry.

Alice returned to the table with dark wheat rolls, a large green salad with radishes, and a sealed jar of beet soup. Blanch eagerly started eating and her bladder was forgotten for most of the course. Then Blanch felt a shiver run through her. She Wanted to try squeezing again, but she knew Alice would want her to go to the bathroom if she saw. Blanch planned on waiting till after dessert, to explore the unfamiliar situation.

Alice went to get the main course. Thankfully there seemed to be some delay, and Blanch had 12 whole minutes to compress her bladder in her hands. Although the urge wasn’t gone this time, it had lessened significantly.

Alice returned and they ate their roast veggie pasta. As the main course went on, Blanch’s bladder welled up more. By the end, Blanch really wanted to go pee. When Alice finally left to get dessert, Blanch grabbed herself as she recrossed her legs every few seconds. It didn’t seem to be working, her bladder was full no matter how hard she pressed.

Alice returned, and Blanch forced herself to be still. They had almost finished dessert when it became too much. “ALICE! I NEED TO GO TO THE BATHROOM! RIGHT NOW!” Blanch was shouting as her bladder threatened to burst with strain. Jolting up, she grabbed Alice and pulled her out of the tent.

She was running at first, but as her affliction worsened she had to walk slowly, hands clenched into fists at her side. Realizing the monstrous urge in Blanch’s body, Alice carefully selected the least bumpy pathway. The topaze tent was finally is sight. To Blanche’s horror her body seemed to think she was already on a chamberpot, iy was like the sight of the tent was triggering something. Her body struggled with her mind over whether they were in a good spot to do what must be done.

“I’m sorry this is such a long walk. I know how you must be feeling.” consoled Alice “when you gotta go, you gotta go.” she comforted.

It was like Blanch’s bunny-ears heard the word ‘go’, and delivered the command to her bladder, completely bypassing her brain. Her bladder muscles were burning, and she could feel her body prepare to put out the fire. Piss sprayed through her thighs like a fire extinguisher. It was a good start, but the the flames weren't so easily smothered. The spray was replaced with the pressurized stream of a fire hose. Blanch tumbled back, sitting in her puddle. The hose had snuffed out most of the blaze, all that was left were the embers. The pool had spread to her knees, and the inferno was finished off with a gushing fire hydrant of relief.

The pissing session had lasted longer than usual, drenching her scorching urgency for 30 second strait. It couldn’t be call peeing, or taking a leak, or even a whiz. What she had done fell squarely under the ‘pissing’ category. Rosette and Mary Ann finally found them, Blanch still sitting in a lake of urine and metaphoric ashes. Helping Blanch up, the group headed to the bathhouse.

20: Bathtime and Bed Wetting

Grabbing towels and washcloths from a shelf, the girls moved to choose from the wide array of soaps, body wash, talcum powder, lotion, and hair products.

“Why do you have all these? Not that I’m complaining” Alice asked as Celestine joined them. “Well, if you spend this much time being peed on, it's a necessity.” She gestured to her sticky, pee-stained skin, smiling.

Each woman chose a fragrance: Blanch reached for the lavender-vanilla fragrances she favored; Mary Ann found her favorite sandalwood scent, Rosette picked the earthy rose scent she considered her signature fragrance, and Alice choose toiletries perfumed with lilacs. Celestine selected her usual blend of citrus and jasmine, and led the guests to the showers. “I’m sure you understand, but we require everyone showers before entering the bath.” she reminded as she stepped under a spraying nozzle.

The girls followed her lead, washing with soap before walking over to the soaking room. It was amazing, the dark wood floors were inlaid with crater-like bathtubs, each glazed to look like a different precious mineral. Turning on the faucets, the ladies reclined on their baths. They soaked for 2 hours, and Blanch stood 9 times to rush to a toilet, and came back looking freshly showered 3 of those times. Everyone was polite enough not to mention it.

Baths had always been a little tricky for Blanch. She really loved soaking in the hot, soothing water, but she couldn’t go 20 minutes without hopping out and dashing to the toilet. It was easier at her home, where the toilet sat a foot away from her tub. Out of the 9 trips she had taken, the 1st, 6th, and 7th had been utter potty failures.

One her 1st trip, she hadn’t thought to ask Celestine for a reminder of where the toilets were, and got turned around quickly. She had made a hasty retreat from the baths, unfocused from the unremitting pulses through her bladder. So she was just standing, naked and dripping, in the tiled cubby room, and she peed loudly on the tile floor.

Actually all three accidents had reminded her just how loud it was to urinate on tile. Her 6th trip had failed due to calculation error. Up to that point, she became urgent approximately every 15 minutes. She had just settled into the bath, when the need was back in 2 minutes, strong as ever. The confusion over the timing had cost precious time, and she went outside the stall.

The 7th trip ended with two accidents; one in the form of Blanch slipping on the floor in her rush to the bathroom, the other in the form of her pee releasing upon impact. She wasn't hurt all, but she still wished she had gotten to a toilet in time.

Her bladder had been acting strange this week. She trembled with dread at the thought that she on the first day on one of her ’bad weeks’. As if confirming her concerns, a laser-jet of pee self-released into the water. Blanched blinked in surprise, she hadn’t felt even a twinge of need before it started. The warm, yellow fluid shot into her bath, silently spreading below the water. “Well.” Blanch whispered “If I need a shower regardless, I may as well enjoy this bath. She leaned back in the tub. Whatever happens happens.

When the next morning found Blanch, she could already feel that it was one of her bad days. Her bladder was like a bolder, pinning her to her bed. Accepting the inevitable, Blanch flooded the sheets. The fluid that rushed over her lower half was like an ocean wave, but warm and not retreating with the tide. Warm water rushed over her feet, surging out of her overburdened bladder. The gushing seemed endless, so Blanch just lay still and waited. Even with her lower half nearly submerged, her bladder was taunting that it was only half over. The wetness started to creep upward, saturating her hair and pooling under her back. This was huge, endless tidal wave rushing out for a full 4 minutes. Blanch sighed, and stepped down to the the wide puddle that had formed around her bed. Gravity dropped her sodden pajama pants to the wet floor. It was going to be a long day.

*019*2017-07-25 12:00

I'm going to try to update regularly while I have time over the summer. Soon, I'm going on an RV trip, so I may not be posting as often. Until then I'm going to continue writing whenever I can. The 23rd chapter describes past events in Alice's life before Wonderland. I should warn that these are childhood memories, though I tried to present them as a child would and kept them innocent. My intention is for Alice to be fairly neutral about omoarshi/pee-fetishes, not discussed or into them. I'm trying to keep the character's nonjudgmental, and write a fairly sex-positive story. There will be a character who steels panties that people wet in without permission, but I hope to convey that her actions are wrong (the stealing part, not the panties). This interpretation on wonderland has many wetting-centric traditons, so it's just understood to be part of society. Those who aren't interested don't have to participate, and don't usually mind. -SomeGirl

Ch.21: Bathroom Out of Order

After showering and having breakfast, the group loaded their bags into the carriage, and made their last stop in the topaz tent. After the ladies peed, Blanch put on her travel diaper. The bunny-girl had warned her friends that she was having a bad week, and had a stack of extra thick diapers on the seat next to her. The carriage had three cushioned benches, and blinds over the windows. Rosette guided her beloved horses, while the other girls sat in the carriage. They were only 5 miles from their next stop, the house of a duke and duchess. Suddenly, the carriage jolted and stopped. Stepping out, the women noticed three things: 1) The carriage had hit a pothole, and brocken a wheel. 2) there was a general stop a few yards away, and 3) a woman in a long, purple dress was waving to them from the porch.

Walking over, the group was greeted by the violet-clad girl. She seemed fairly toned under her loose frock, had square-frame glasses, loafers, and pale blond hair. Her eyes were the same vivid purple as her dress. “Welcome!” she greeted in a inexplicable southern-bell accent “My name is Sunny and this is my family store.” she held the door for the potential customers “Won’t you come in”. The store was quaint, with lavender walls and a faded wooden counter.

“That pothole always breaks wheels. We actually carry spares, and wheel guards. The ride won't be as steady, but it would prevent another break. The roads pretty rough for the next few miles.” she slid a binder of prices across the table. As Mary Ann and Blanch discussed warranties, Rosette and Alice walked down the food isle. It was sparse even for a Mom n’ Pop general store. Returning to the counter, they found Sunny helping their friends get the wheel guard out and onto the carriage. Between the 5 of them, the carriage was ready to go in 15 minutes. Sunny gave them complimentary glasses of fresh lemonade, and they sat on the porch to drink it.

“Can we use your restroom before we go?” asked Rosette.

“Oh, I’m sorry. The bathrooms out of order, and the repairman won’t be available till after the Regatta.” Sunny explained “Some people got drunk last friday night, and I guess they really needed a potty, because they broke in and all crowded in. Any way, a fight broke out over who would ‘go’ first. When my papa came to open up, the bathroom was very ruffed up. He said there was, ya know, pee all over.” her voice dropped to a whisper for the last part.

“So would it be ok if we, well, slipped out out back and, how do I ask this...wee-wee in the grass?” Alice was embarrassed to be asking such a shy-seeming girl to let them whiz in her backyard.

Sunny stared at her feet “um...I wouldn't do that. The ground is covered in poison oak, everywhere except the front.” she warned awkwardly

Blanch had fallen quite. Her friends had to go too, but she couldn’t even move. Her diaper was going to leak soon, and there was nowhere to change into a fresh one.

The girls were all hyper conscious of their filling bladders. Mary Ann decided to ask the tough question, “So if there’s no bathroom, and you can’t relive yourself in the garden, what do you do when you have to go?” Mary Ann couldn’t picture the modest girl squatting over a half-filled jar and takeing a pee behind the counter.

Sunny blushed “Well, I go before I come to work, and hold it until I leave….I-If I can’t wait for closing time, I take a break and walk to a public lavatory down the street from here. It’s about ½ a mile down the road.” She crossed her arms in embarrassment “There's one thing…” she looked at her shoes, to embarrassed to talk. At this point, they knew Blanch had to get to a bathroom. Even if her diaper didn't leak, she had spent a long time floating in her squishy nappy. The girls thanked Sunny, paid and left their empty glasses in the counter. Sunny waved goodbye from her porch, as the visitors bounced off over the pot hole studded road.

Ch.22: A Pee Concert in a Weird Bathroom

The girls were making good time, but they were ricocheting around in the carriage. Blanch had gone already, her diaper had miraculously pulled through, but the bobbling carriage prompted her to put a fresh diaper under her to catch the leak when she inevitably flooded her nappy. It wouldn't be long. Alice and Mary Ann gazed longingly at the stack of clean diapers next to Blanch. They wanted to use them, but didn’t have the space to put it on. Rosette released involuntary sperts as she clung to the bucking seat. The girls inside the carriage were leaking to, as was Blanch’s diaper. She kept wetting, and every few minutes more ran out the leg holes of her diaper. The excruciating tension built in the carriage with every sway, but it finally reached its destination. Rosette flung herself off the coachman’s seat, and bounded to appease her bladder.

Alice jogged after her, legs locked closed from the knee up. She could hear Mary Ann hustling right behind her, and Blanch’s squelchy waddle farther back. Alice busted through the bathroom door, and almost ran into Rosette. Rosette was frozen in shock, lizard tail running through her legs and around her shoulder to keep pressure on her bladder. Alice had never seen Rosette so desperate. Rosette was frantically scanning and rescanning the one room building. Alice looked around, and her eyes widened at the sight. The entire room was lined with pristine urinals, but she didn’t see a single toilet. The sinks in the middle had a long shallow basin, so they weren't supposed to use those instead. Rosette was shifting and holding herself. Blanch finally made it and gasoed in horror. Mary Ann could only let out little squeaks. Alice realized what they had to do.

“My sister go to a lot of concerts, and she taught me how to pee standing up!” Alice announced. Running to a urinal, she noticed a small hook next to each. So that was how girls were supposed to use this restroom. Alice ripped down her panties and assumed the position. She did it just like her big sister taught her when she was going into 4th grade. Legs bent slightly, spine curving to aim her hips at the deepest part of the bowl. Thighs spread and locked in place. Arms resting on her thighs, she let the show begin. The feeling was like the concerts her sister described while she taught her. Her heartbeat rocked her body, she could feel the bladder in her base as her hole prepared to open.

She felt Rosette and Mary Ann stand at the urinals stage-left and stage-right, mimicking her posture as closely as they could. Now the lessons were paying off, though not quite for the first time. Her hole opened, and pee hit the bowl like a bass drop. Blanch had chosen the urinal beside Mary Ann, and was straddling the bowl because of her height. Gushing and clinging, her head fell back in relief. Alice heard her hissing harmonize with the other girls, as the slight spray formed a drum beat. The surges felt like guitar riffs through her body. Her song ended with one loud rip cord splashing down onto the drain. The other musicians faded out as well. All four band members were silent, as they had just expresed plenty through their noisy pisses. Once the girls had come back to reality they flushed their urinal, one after the other, and walked to the sink.

Ch.23: The Urinal Academy for Girls

Alice spent a lot of time with her 3rd oldest sister Bella that summer when they were 9 and 14. Their parents were working overtime to work on the girls college funds, and she had just aged out of the camp her sisters were at. Their eldest sisters were working at a ice-cream shop all summer, so she and Bella were almost on their own. Bella had a older boyfriend at the time. He had a car, and they went to concerts a lot.

The first day of summer vacation, Bella had mentioned that she peed in a urinal because no no was in the men’s room, and the ladies room had a huge line. She was about to wet herself, so her boyfriend snuck her in, and positioned her so she could take a whiz. Alice wanted to be grown up like Bella, so she asked her to teach her to pee that way. “Actually” Bella said over her diluted coffee “It might be good for you to learn. Don’t want your experiences limited by your bladder. I could use the practice anyway. Just don’t tell mom and dad unless they ask.” she promised Alice.

The first lesson took place an half-hour after lunch. Alice had been eager to start, so she had drank 3 extra glasses of water in 8 minutes. She was squirming on the edge of the tub, as her sister gave the first. Alice watched in amazement as the pee arched out of her sister and into the toilet. Now eager to try for multiple reasons, Alice jumped up as her sister wiped and pulled up her underwear. Wiggling her shorts down Alice stood where her sister had, and peed. Unfortunately she missed some of the finer points in the instruction, and the stream just flowed down into the shorts and briefs around her knees. Staring as those 3 glasses came back out, Alice looked up at Bella for some clue as to what to feel.

Her pants were wet like a babys pants, but she could have gotten onto the toilet if she wanted to. She didn’t feel like a baby or a grown up right now. Bella’s expression was mildly surprised, she had found peeing for distance instinctive when she first stood in front of a urinal, but not disappointed. “Just think of this as a 2nd round of potty training.” she saw Alice's hurt expression and added “Like an advanced level course. For high schoolers.”. Alice smiled and walked over to the fridge. She grabbed 5 juice boxes and went to change. If at first you don’t succeed try, try again.

She and Bella had spent all summer working on their technique, going to the bathroom together every time it was possible. Since they both were peeing at the same times, their bladders would fall into rhythm, except of course that 9-year-old-Alice lacked the bladder capacity of a teenager. There were some unpleasant incidents: When Alice tryed to do it on her own at the pizza parlor and wet her pants; When Bella peed herself after breakfast because Alice took too long; and the time Bella yelled at Alice for asking her to come into the bathroom with her in front of her friends, to name a few.

But there were also good memories: Being so desperate getting home from a walk that Bella had just sat down on the toilet and had Alice sit on her lap and pee through her open legs; When they practiced in the park behind some bushes even though the restroom was right there; ‘graduation day’ where Bella had taken her to an ice cream parlor where they had unlimited soda. They shared a huge sunday and she let Alice drink all the soda she wanted. By the end of the noon rush, Alice was potty-dancing as she ordered a 7th soda, which she was only allowed to drink on special occasions. When she finished gulping that, spasticity bouncing from foot to foot, she walked Alice to the restrooms.

The counter guy was glad he wouldn't be mopping up after the poor kid. Irresponsible sister making the girl hold it till she was pee-pee dancing so desperately. Little did he know, Alice was vibrating with pride as well as pee. She and Bella slipped into the empty, bathroom. It had two stalls, but the feather Alice was really excited about what the low urinal. She would be weeing in a urinal for the first time, and suddenly felt nervous. “Just like we practiced in the toilet, Alice” Bella comforted as Alice stepped up and lifted her skirt, removing her briefs completely. Striking the familiar pose, she focused on getting the arch right. For the next 8 seconds, she peed out 7 large sodas strait into the bowl of the urinal. After she was done she turned to her sister, who was beaming with pride at her hard-earned accomplishment.

*021*2017-07-26 19:59

Here are a few more chapters. I know the story is going slowly, but it lets me add more Omo scenes. Theres the first male scene in this update (not counting the very brief mentions of males present at the shore by Alice's sea of urine). I'm also planing on making a new topic board for side-stories I write for Wetting-Land. I can't promise I'll update often, but I have a scene I really like that doesn't fit neatly into the main story. Its just a vignette about the previously mentioned guys, but I like how it turned out too much to not post it. Any other stories on the other topic board would be omo (or related) scenes about characters in the story. It Thank you for reading-SomeGirl

Ch. 24: Bashful Bladder + Urinal Conversation = Voluntary Wetting

Before the lady's left again, they needed to find Blanch a place to dipper herself. Mary Ann escorted her to the smooth river bank, and Rosette followed to let the horses get a drink. Alice waited in the pleasant chill of the bathroom.

She didn’t hear the crashing and rustling through the trees outside. Her first consciousness of the new restroom patron was when he scrambled frantically through the door. The 20-year-old male seemed to be a fish-boy, with 3 light blue scales under either eye. He was slim, with wide aquamarine eyes, and webbed fins fanning behind his ears. His long, curly hair tumbled in his face as his eyes locked on the urinal closet to him. He was befor it in three steps, but didn’t remove his member from his pants. He glanced back nervously at the door, and turned to Alice.

“...I have a v-very bashful bladder..” he stammered “I’m worried someone will come in and...Oooh.. see.me.” His feet were shuffling and his eyes were tearing up. “Would you be so kind...uhh...as to lock the door and guard it?” he managed to ask.

“Ok. But won’t my being in here make it hard for you to go?” she asked as he spun back to face his target. His hands were shaking as drew down his zipper, “I can pee in fron of a girl. Other boys know if you pee through your dick weirdly. Girls don’t.” He choked out, as he reached in and pulled out his penis.”I’m Pearl by the way” he offered as he angled his manhood towards the bowl.

“Alice” she introduced as he let the floodgates open.

His mouth fell open in relief, and his eyes glazed over, as the abundant water ran down the pipe. The water pressure was high right off the bat, and he had to remind himself to stay upright as the stream pound through his opening. He released a long, quite “Ahhh” as a fraction of the pressure hit the bottom of the bowl. In his mind's eye, he saw a pressure gauge slide down from 99.9% capacity, to 91%,87%, 80%...Alice announced another patron’s arrival just as he reached 75% remaining.

Pearl’s bladder pulled the emergency-stop button, and he his relief came to an abrupt halt. He paled with horror as her turned his head to the noisy foot steps rapidly approaching the door. “Don’t let them in if it's a guy, Alice!” Pearl rasped. He felt bad about not opening the door, but he was so desperate. He couldn't appease his bladder in front of another male. He preyed that the urgent steps reaching them belong to a female. He couldn’t restart the stream until he knew there were no men around to assess his technique.

His cock was clamped down on, and the fist around it clenched in anguish, at the sound of a male voice. The man was pounding on the door and stomping his feet, “HEY! IS SOMEONE IN THERE? OPEN THE DOOR!” he yelled. Alice said they couldn’t and could he wait just one more minute.

“I..I think so. Oof. Just one minute through.” The voice grunted. Pearl tried to utilize that minute, he really did. But the groaning outside the door removed any chance of success. The minute ended without him even releasing a trickle, and the pounding resumed even harder than before. “HEY! IT”S BEEN A MINUTE! LET.ME.IN!” the man was almost screaming.

As the door remained closed he began to try to break the lock. The grunts as he tried to force the knob and the loud banging of his kicking reverberated in Pearl’s bladder. “I’M GONNA PISS MY PANTS! OPEN THE DAMN DOOR!”. Alice was looking at him pleadingly, and Pearl nodded his head. Staring down at his manhood, he heard the stranger rush in. “Thanks honey, I wouldn't of lasted much longer “ he said over his shoulder to Alice.

Pearl froze in horror as the man briskly walked to the urinal next to his. His hands were shaking as the other man ripped open his fly, and whipped out his manhood. The stranger moaned as his member started outputting a voluminous spray of golden fluid.

Pearl’s own member still to failed to piddle out even a squirt. Pearl had never heard so much hissing, even drowning out the other man’s moans. To make matters worse, the man started talking.

“Sorry about the fuss a bit ago.” he commented “I was about to burst.” Pearl still felt that he might.

“My names Water Lilly.” he smiled, now making eye contact “It sucks when you need a piss, because everyone keeps bringing up water when they see you.” Pearls thighs were trembling under their burden “I’m...Pearl...” he forced out through clenched teeth.

He knew that no matter how bad he had to go, his penis would remain non compliant as long as it remained exposed to another man. Water Lily was still going, leaning back on his heels in satisfaction. It was getting to be to much for Pearl. He was torn between his pride and the one trick that always let him release when other men were around. Water Lily wasn’t slowing down, if anything his pee was more plentiful. He flushed the handle while he went, to prevent overflow. Pearl looked down at the pee barely covering the bottom of his urinal, and gave in to temptation. “Goodbye dignity” he internally sighed, as he tucked himself back into his pants.

Zipping up, be didn’t bother to step back as his penis allowed the system to be purged. The warm wetness sloshed out into his underwear. His breifs filled to the brim and filted his pee down into his pants. His light blue trousers flaunted the spreading dark spot, and some even spoke up to the hem of his matching shirt. Every inch of his legs recived a dousing, as the pee soaked into his white socks. It gushed onto his black shoes, and had climbed up to his navel. Leaning on the edge of the urinal for support, he let the pee follow its natural course. There as a large puddle around him, extending ½ a foot from his shoes in all directions. Pearl sobbed in relief as the flood continued.

Water Lily was staring at the big wet spot and the wide yellow puddle, as he continued to unleash into the urinal. They finished simultaneously, just as the puddle had extended under Water Lily's shoes too. Giving himself a vigorous shake, Water Lily tucked his dick back into still-dry pants.

Grinning at Pearl, he voiced his amazement “You’re wetting...It was so hot!” he smirked “Are you busy tonight?” Pearl shook his head in shock. Luckily Water Lily understood the meaning of the negative answer, and grinned at Pearl

“It was tough for me to avoid an erection during that performance. Thanks for the show”, he said as he guided Pearl to the sink “We should hang out at the regatta” he proposed. Pearl nodded slowly, taking a better look at the other man.

He was a frog-boy of about 19, and very handsome. He had short green hair, and matching eyes. He was muscular, especially his long legs, with a devilish face. Pearl recalled that he had to stand a bit farther away from the urinal than average, though not far enough that Pearl could visually confirm his hypothesis as to why that was. Now getting that better look was stuck in Pearl’s mind.

Alice left the two boys to their flirting. As she walked to the carriage, she saw Rosette re-connecting the horses. Blanche and Mary Ann soon joined them, Blanch in a fluffy, fresh nappy. They set off as the two boys stepped out of the bathroom, Water Lily resting his hand resting on Pearl’s soaked ass.

Ch.25: The Steel-Bladdered Duchess

There were 2 more overnight stops until they reached the palace. First, Blanch needed to ask the Duke and Duchess of Spice Maddow about the construction of a better pathway for the area's merchants. Tomorrow night, they would be discussing management of agricultural surplus with an Earl and Countess in Saucer Township. Alice only grasped the general idea of Blanch’s rhetoric, but she was willing to be helpful in other ways. They finally reached the smooth road to the Duchess's house. The Duke lived there too, but his wife's hospitality had become known throughout the land.

“Clove is a lovely man, but a tad more reserved than his wife.” Mary Ann smiled “He told me he was proud to be married to such a woman. They’ve been married for over 30 years, and they still take the time to flirt. It's so sweet” she chucked. The carriage pulled into the driveway, and Blanch switched from her damp diaper to dry panties. As the woman brought their overnight bags to the house they all started to feel quick spasms run through their bodys. Their eyes watered and stung, and they all felt the intense desire to sneeze. They all sneezed again and again.

“Is this...cracked pepper?” questions Mary Ann, her sneezing growing more intense. She had planned on going to the bathroom after they greeted the Duchess, and had thought she was in the clear when she pulled up. But now, she felt a little pee leak out with each contraction of her stomach. She could feel the wet spot spreading through the fabric of her panties.

She continued her stride to the door, she was nowhere near the point of wetting herself, she could honestly probably wait a few hours. She was walking up the steps when she felt a sneeze come on abruptly. Opening her mouth, she sneezed. Mary Ann hadn’t realized that her stance on the front steps, combined with the contractions from the sneeze, would trigger far more than a leak. Her left leg was on the higher step, the right on the lower. Her muscles were focused on pulling her fully onto the upper step, rather than maintaining control of her not-very-desperate-yet bladder.

The pee that came crashing down her skirt was completely unexpected. Mary Ann just stood like that for a moment, eyes wide in confusion. The girls were too far behind her to be the source of the pouring sounds she heard. It sounded like traffic, so loud she could feel it vibrate...through...her groin. Looking down, she was struck with situational awareness. She didn’t feel the relief that accompanied the gratification of a bursting bladder. She honestly hadn't needed to go that bad. She was even planning on having the girls relieve themselves first. Slowly, her bladder came to a gradual stop. “I... need to get fresh underwear from the carriage. “Me too” Blanch and Rosette said simultaneously. “I’m...just going to head in, if that's alright.” Alice stated. Her bladder was still satisfied from the urinal incident, though she had drank less water than her friends did after they started off again. She could see them dripping as the walked stiffly to the carriage.

Inside the house, Alice found four women in a cloud of pepper. The girl in a lavender-pink skirt set was showing off tupperware to the cook, both seemingly unaffected by the pepper. The other two were sneezing violently.

A robust woman in her mid-40s was jolting back and forth in a rocking chair. She had auburn curls, pulled into a bun, and brown eyes. She had large breasts, wide hips, and a full figure. Her face was distinctive and unconventionally attractive. The woman had a sense of boisterous self-confidence, and wore a rust-colored velvet gown. She was easy to like.

The young woman at her feet had the same hair and eyes, and was about 19-year-old. Her curvy body was spread out on the floor with a coloring book. She was wearing a yellow jumper with white spots, braid with yellow clips, white knee socks, and wearing a very cushy diaper, that may have been used once already.

The duchess was jerking in her rocking chair with a grimace on her face. She regularly let out grunts as she jolted back and forth. She raised her head to Alice.

“Hello dear.”she said through gritted teeth, legs straightening and bending uncomfortably. “How can I.Help.You.Today.” she forced out, unabashedly twisting her buttt on the chair.

“Um, I’m Alice, and I’m hear to with Lady Blanch. She, Mary Ann, and Rosette left something in the carriage. The’ll be right in...I’m sorry, but do you need, well, the restroom?” Alice was concerned with her need. The woman nodded her head in confirmation

“Would you watch Cinnamon while I go? I’d really appreciate it.” She growled. Alice nodded, and the Duchess made a pained trek to the counter, sneezing the whole way. She grabbed a satchel and dragged herself back to Alice. Alice accepted the bag from the white knuckled grip, and the Duchess motioned Cinnamon to her side. The diapered girl grabbed a hand, and they started for the door. “I’m Duchess Saffron. Please take Cinnamon to the apple tree in the side yard. I may be a while in my out-mansion.” she gestured to a elegant building. Alice voiced no objections, so Saffron turned towards the front door. Taking a deep breath, she hurled herself out of the house. Alice walked out to the side yard with Cinnamon, where they had a full view of Saffron moving to the apparent outhouse in a dead sprint, letting out a roar of determination as she ran. She didn’t slow down as she approached her target, knocking the door open with a crack, audibly slaming the lock closed.

Even though they couldn't see, Alice and Cinnamon clearly heard her noisily clop to the toilet. The duchess grunted as she gather her rustling skirt, and an audible rip showed her haste to remove her undergarments. The clang of her knocking the lid up was followed by the smack of her thighs on the seat. The audience fell silent in anticipation. Saffron started performing a symphony of pee. The toilet bowl became an orchestral pit, and her bladder was the conductor. The performance opened with the tapping of her initial dribles, like a drum beat.

The rippling of her surges were the string section. The hissing echoed in the bowl like the wind instruments, and the sperths that broke of from the stream the percussionists. It was amazing for all these sounds to come from one person, and the noise built to a grand crescendo. The pee reached its climax, and her bladder released a final burst for the grand finale. As the song ended, the clapping began. The droplets falling off the duchess backside hit the bowl like a round of applause. The pee had stretched almost 3 minutes. Heaving herself upright, Saffron took a bow, as she bent to flush the toilet. The whooshing of the very full bowl was her standing ovation. Alice and cinnamon watched as she strutted out of her outhouse, dress somehow still wet.

Seeing the girl's confusion the Duchess explained “When I was in there, you know, coming up the bowl..” she drawled casually “...I was so absorbed on what I was doing, I didn’t notice the toilet had filled. A few time over actually.” she seemed proud of that. “So my pee overflowed all over my dress, then all over the floor. If you go in there before it's cleaned, be careful. I made the whole floor slippery.” she warned. She sat down next to the girls to let her dress dry before going into her clean house. She explained how she had met Blanch through their polar opposite bladders.

“I have the opposite condition as Blanch. I can drink a glass of water every hour, and still not go for 24 hours. Drinking normally, I can wait about 4 days before the urge to visit the bathroom becomes to strong to resist.” she explained. “The problem is, I still feel the discomfort after a while. My bladder won’t empty anywhere but a toilet, no matter the situation. I’ve never wet myself since I was first given a training potty.” she bragged “I mean, I’ve only wet myself while already using a toilet.” she corrected, gesturing at her damp skirt. “The problem is, I’m commonly expected to endure the discomfort until a break is convenient for someone else. What you heard had been bothering me since lunch yesterday. “ she said glancing at the just setting sun.

Ch.26: An Approaching Train in an Outhouse

Saffron’s skirt was only slightly damp now. As the 3 woman made their way to the front door, a orange carriage pulled into the drive. A handsome cat-boy slid down, and started to disconnect the horses. He was muscular, with ginger-brown hair, amber eyes, and dark freckles. An older man stepped out of the carriage. He was in his 40s, with light brown hair, greying the temples, and light brown eyes. The men walked over. A young, athletic body strided over. Along with him, a older, spindly body walked with a dignified sense of calm. “Hello, young lady.” the older man greeted Alice “I don’t think we’ve met. My name is Clove, Duke Clove.” He smiled warmly.

“Nice to meet you, My name is Alice.” she grinned back.

“And this strapping young man is the manager of my stable. I’ve been trying to find him a nice girl to marry, if your interested.” he teased with a wink. The two young adults laughed uncomfortably, as Saffron playfully scolded her husband. The couple were of the type that instilled hope in observers, that genuinely good relationships really existed.

The group went inside, where the chef worked by a large stack of newly purchased cookware. The paper had dispersed somewhat, but still tickled the nose slightly. The Duchess instructed everyone to join her in the living room, and poured everyone a tall glass of mineral water. As Saffron stuck a lime wedge on the edge of each glass, there was a knocking at the door. The Cook’s stirring stopped, she opened the door for Mary Ann, Rosette, and Blanch. The three women made their way in, feeling much more fresh now that their underwear had been replaced. Saffron passed around the first round of drinks, and went to pour three more.

As the company settled down, the chef walked back in the room. Brushing of the Duchesses offer to join them, she stepped back to reveal the salesgirl from earlier, “It seems we have a bit of trouble, here..” she began, “This young lady’s traveling all alone, and the tree down the road dropped a limb between her and her car.” she gestured to the rosy sunset outside the window “It’s gonna be dark soon. Only a fool would wander through the forest alone in the dark.” the chef turned to her employers for an official offer. “Easy enough to get lost in the woods during daylight.” she grumbled to herself. The chef was a woman in her late 30s, with a stocky build, and sparkling sky blue eyes. Her orange hair was pulled tightly into a bun, her stern expression made her gaze feel firm, but fair. Her complexion still had a flushed sheen from working over the stove. She had the strong features, calloused hands, and tall posture of an artisan who takes great pride in her work.

“Of course she’s welcome to stay here.” came Saffron’s hardy endorsement “I’ll go make up another room right now. The more the merrier!” she finished with an enthusiastic shout.

The madam of the house walked up the stairs, and attention turned to the young woman beside the chef. She a tall,thin girl approaching her early 20s, with a high blue-black ponytail swaying behind her head. She was clothed in a lavender tweed pleated skirt and suit coat, thick black stockings, a violet-tinged pink blouse with a bow, and low black heels. She set her bulky bag down, the demo-pieces of cookware clatering slightly, and walked over to the picture of sparkling water. She poured two glasses, and walked over to sit next to Alice. Alice had just finished her first glass, and graciously accepted the second one.

“I’m Skylar. Skylar Grey. I was just here to show Ginger” she gestured to the chef “the pots my uncle makes, and I wound up stranded..” Skylar gave Alice a friendly smile.

“Nice to meet you.” Alice took a sip “I’m Alice. I’m just tagging along to help Blanch with the Regada.” she paused “What is this a regatta for, anyway? You said it was for boating or swimming or something, right?” she asked Mary Ann.

Mary Ann blinked. “Alice, dear. It’s the Annual Wonderland Water-Sports Regada… It actually has very little to do with everyday athletics, aquatic or otherwise.” Mary Ann launched into a lecture about the importance of the event to WonderLand culture. “The W.S.R. has been happening every year for as long anyone alive remembers. It is a catalyst to dozens of the cornerstones of our society. Everyone is provide means to attend, and the entire economy adjusts to let every citizen go. Hundreds of business decisions are made in that one week. Countless people use the opportunity to find the person they later marry. Diplomatic meeting are held daily.” she took a breath “The regatta itself is a venue for mass spiritual expansion and bolstering comradery. There are several events, I’ll explain further before we get to the castle, but almost all of them use urination as a focal point.” she paused to gauge Alice’s surprised expression.

Alice finally spoke “...Ok...I’m fine with...whatever..” she was still dazed. At this point Alice was just going with the flow. Flow...Flow...Was something flowing...Oh No. Alice suddenly started contorting in her chair. ”OOF! DUKE! I NEED TO USE YOUR BATHROOM!” she bellowed to the Duke “AND SOON” she added.

The intense urgency had hit her like a wooden beam to the head. One minute she was fine, the next, every muscle was clenched in desperation. The Duke blinked, taking in the girl frantically thrashing about in distress, before grasping what she had said. “

Oh. OH. Oh Dear. I’m terribly sorry, but the only laboratory is out back. It's the building with no windows. My wife has never needed a conveniently placed bathroom, and Cinnamon and I honestly prefer chamber pots or diapers, so we never had indoor toilets added to our home. So, so sorry.” he babbled, distressed that he couldn’t help such a nice young lady in her time of need.

“o-Okay. The back yard? That's what you said?” she huffed out to the Duke, then turned to Blanch. Before she could ask, Blanch respond to what they all knew was coming “I actually don’t need to go. I just carry a chamber pot with me at this house.” she pointed to the half-filled blue container at her feet “The bathrooms about a ⅔ mile from the house, so I’ve just accepted I Won't make it. Why prolong my-”. Alice was running to the backdoor before Blanch even finished her sentence.

She pounded down the back steps, bladder ricocheting painfully at her movements. It was strange. She had never felt more desperate than she did now, but she felt fully confident that she would make it to the toilet. She felt like her lower body was being run over by a speeding train, but her muscles weren't threatening to go lax. She couldn’t herself turn around when she heard someone running behind her. It was too painful to allow even the slightest delay. She continued her run to the out house, but the person caught up to her side.

“Hi..Mhhm.” Skylar whimpered “I was really hoping to join you in the restroom. Like, really, really, seriously hoping” her pained smile showing intensity of that hope. Luckily Alice got it without the smile, because her eyes had a laser focus on the rapidly nearing bathroom door. She slowed down only as much as she absolutely had to, Skylar similarly slowing her urgent, hands-gripping-her-crotch trot.

Alice pushed through the door and across the bathroom floor without stopping, only halting her motion once she was standing inside the 1st stall in the row, and her pee rang through the room a moment latter. She heard Skyler bustle past the 2nd stall, as she enjoyed early phases of her stream.

The open space at the bottom of the floor between stall gave a view of Skylar’s dainty hands sliding her skimpy violet thong to her caves, and how they slid further down to rest casually around her ankles. Alice took this in subconsciously, her consciousness occupied with the powerful evacuation of her pounding bladder. Skyler’s low heels held her calves at a dramatic angle, knees presumably pointed sharply towards of the bowl. Her pee started slow, only making soft gushing sounds, but intensified steadily. The gushing built to a pouring built to a rushing built to a pounding. By her final drop, she was making a chorus of violent noises, as her pee slapped into the bowl and cut through the water like a knife. She hummed through the entire session, and stood with a gratified sigh. She washed her hands quickly as she walked out with Alice

Alice had some trouble with her skirt and slightly damp underwear, so she ripped them off her hips and dropped the shreds to the floor. She fell onto the toilet seat with a loud slapping sound, her thighs striking the cool porcelain crescent. The feeling of the chill against her utmost thigh was very pleasing, as Alice told her body it was okay to pee now. Her body was ecstatic for the permission, and she was filled with happiness as the pee reached the end of the tunnel.

It came out like a train pulling into station, just on time. It had felt like her bladder was bound to a train track, but now relief was traveling through her body. Her bladder had held the train of pee at a screeching halt, and it was finally able to let it rumble into the station between her open thighs. In the back of her mind, she noted that the bathroom had been cleaned since the duchess's earlier visit. That was good, because her lower coverings were lying torn on the floor.

As her urinary commute to the bowl ended with a slosh, Alice’s face fell into an expression of contentment. Her eyes were half lidded, as a tranquil grin spread across her face. She flushed the toilet. A loud rush erupted as the almost-to-the-brim contents swirled away, leaving only clear water in the now ⅕ full bowl.

She made a serene walk to the sink, and washed her hands before grabbing her skirt and wrapping the ripped fabric around her like a sarong. She looked briefly, but couldn't find her underwear. She had felt them rip beyond repair when she tore them off so she could go pee sooner, so she didn't really care that they were lost somewhere in the bathroom. She smiled as Skyler hurriedly moved to the sink, repeatedly glancing to make sure she was still there. It was funny to think that she had needed to pee ‘right now’ to the point where the ½ second saved with her alternative to lowering her panties had seemed so reasonable.

*023*2017-07-27 21:10

I waned to warn that my posts are going to be less frequent starting around tusday. I'm going on a trip for 2 1/2 weeks, and won't have as much privacy to write. I plan to start posting again when I get back, although I may be able to update a little. Thank you for reading the story. This is just one chapter, but I'll Post another one really soon. I just need to do a quick read through of it. The next chapter will be significantly longer.-SomeGirl

Ch.27: Rosette’s Terror-Filled Night-Time Potty Run

Rosette rolled over in her bed. Skylar had offed her the single room because she had been sitting on a wooden cart bench all day, and could use a chance to stretch out. What Rosette hadn’t realized, was that a single room meant no roommate to walk to the bathroom with. It was almost 11, and she had made a fatal mistake. She forgot to pee before she went to bed. She woke up after 30 minutes to an irritated bladder. She didn’t remember who was in which room, so she couldn't just knock on a door. She pulled herself out of bed. The longer she put of the hike to the outhouse, the worse it would be.

She grabbed a lantern as she walked out the door, and took a deep breath, before facing this trial. Her anxiety about the dark, spooky silence made her desperation grow faster. Her pace slowed, legs shuffling like a haunted mummy. She probably sounded like one too, as she let out grunting groans. Every rustle sounded like a monster in the shadows. The slow stumble she was doing gave her bladder plenty of time to reach the next level of desperation. She had only made it a few yards from the house, when she felt her desperation transform her again.

It was like she switched from mummy to werewolf in the blink of an eye. She lifted a foot to take another slow step, and it came down in a wild sprint. She was flailing her limbs as she ran, animalistic growls puffing out of her mouth. She couldn't wait much longer, she had to get to a toilet. She felt her bladder give her a 10 minute warning. Embracing her urinary lanthropy, she bolted to the bathroom door. She stepped in right as her final transformation began. She took heavy steps toward the stalls, her body taking over as if it weren't her own. She staggered towards the stall like frankenstein's monster. She reach it, and managed to figure out the locking mechanism in time to pull down her panties and lift her night shirt as she sat on the toilet. She was about to start, when the bathroom door slammed open, and something darted into the stall beside her.

She called out, but only received a screech in response. The growling and screaming increased, and the feet below the dividing wall vanished. Rosette froze in fear at the unseen monster. A loud groan was mixing with the tapping of claws, and blood being gulped. She couldn’t scream, or move. She clenched and unclenched, releasing large leaks into the toilet. She started to gush, and her bladder slowly emptied fully. Her empty bladder made thought and movement possible. She was shaking as she pulled up her panties. She couldn’t run to the house, and lead the monster to her friends. She decided to run to the stable and hide until morning. She reflexively flushed, before throwing back the door and making her escape, a leftover drop of pee running unnoticed down her leg as she escaped to the stables.

Ch. 28: Awkward Explanations over Breakfast

“Has anyone seen Rosette?” Blanch asked “Alice was she gone when you woke up this morning?” Mary Ann worried, used to looking after the young ladies in her care.

“She switched rooms with skylar, so she could have a bigger bed…” Alice realized something “That means no one's seen her since we went to bed.” She was concerned now too.

“Mabey she went to the outhouse?” questioned Skylar, putting a hand on Alice's shoulder. They had walked from the bedroom to the bathroom together, before sitting down together at the table, but Alice supposed they could have missed Rosette going into the restroom. The discussion resumed, but was quickly cut off by the front door opening, and two footsteps coming in.

Everyone exhaled in relief as Rosette was lead back into the room by Dina. Dina wore a western shirt, and dark jeans, with brown riding boots on his feet. His gingerbread-colored hair was slicked back from his shower. “Look who I found in the stables this morning!” he announced. Upon closer inspection, Rosette was still in her crumpled nightshirt and dusty slippers, with bits of straw clinging to her hair and body. “Well! Not to shabby, Dina.” he winked suggestively “Good work.That’s my boy.” he nodded approvingly.

Dina was flustered as he explained what really happened. He heard the horses making noise when he went to get a drink of water, and found Rosette freaking out in the hay loft. “There was a monster in the bathroom! I went in the middle of the night and it came in. I could here is growling and clawing!” Rosette interjected, warning her friends about the intruder. Although the group was unsure it was actually a monster, although thouse did exist in Wonderland and the surrounding kingdoms, they were concerned about what Rosette did encounter in the bathroom.

Skylar cleared her throat over the concerned murmuring. “Actually...I think that may have been me.” she bit her lip in embarrassment. “I-well I woke up from a recurring dream about running water, and I booked it to the restroom.” She looked at the lap awkwardly “I guess she had the same idea, but I was too...caught up...to notice.” she said, hoping the conversion was done. To Skylar’s disappointment, Rosette still had questions. “Wait, what was all that noise then?” she asked. “I was a little enthusiastic about getting to pee. I would have kept it down if I knew I had an audience.” she finished the humiliating conversion.

“So...Are you telling me you and Rosette...Nothing scandalous happened, Dina?” Duke Clove changed the subject. The two blushed and shook their head, as the duchess sent an exasperated look at her husband. “We, well, we just talked a while..” stammered Dina. Suddenly Rosette lit up, “Hey guys! Guess what!” she told her friends “We really hit it off, and Dina asked me to go out with him at the regatta!” she said, her date facepalming at her timing. “Ah! I see. Taking it slow, my boy! An excellent choice!” he beamed at the surrogate nephew “We can talk strategy later.” he slyly offered. Dina sighed and asked what was for breakfast.

*025*2017-07-27 21:57

Heres the next chapter. It shows some of the scenes from a different vantage point, and introduces a new character. To avoid spoiling something, I'm adding another authors note at the end. I'd love to hear if you saw the twist coming, or if it seems like last minute change (it was planned out since the usb-plot began.) Hope you like it-SomeGirl

Ch.29: Misty

The tree branch was removed from the path easily in the morning light. The cart of cookware and the traveling carriage soon reached to point where their paths diverged. Skylar said her goodbyes as she headed down the road to a culinary district on the way to the Palace of Hearts. “It was nice meeting you!” she yelled to the carriage starting the detour to the manner of a Count and Countess in Saucer Township. She continued her path until she was sure she was out of sight, and pulled over to the wooded side of the road. She unbuttoned her blouse. Sliding her ponytail out, she reverted to her natural form. Her father had always told her to study sorcery with responsibility, but that attitude was what got him murdered.

Her blue black hair shifted to thick, magenta curls, violet highlights shining in the sunlight. The cloud-grey eyes flashed to her natural vivid purple, lashes curling into place. Her features shifted back to her original face, and her body joined them. The round c-cups of Skylar shrunk down to her own perky, firm b-cup breasts. Her legs and abdomen lengthened, gaining sexy muscle tone. She finished removing her clothes as purple tufted cat ears and a very fluffy matching tail appeared, signaling the end of the transformation. She discarded ‘Skylar’s’ lavender thong and black bra, and went to the cart to pick out her clothes. She picked up purple short shorts, her favorite boots, and a long-sleeve magenta crop-top. Setting them aside, she selected hot-pink triangle bra and matching tanga-cut thong, along with thigh high purple socks with hot pink stripes. She completed the outfit with a chain-link necklace, and got back into the cart.

She had been scheming and deceiving to get at the clothes people had peed in for years, but for the first time, she was interested in the person doing the wetting. She was in love with Alice, and would do whatever wacky plan was needed to make the girl hers. When they had first met, she was dressed as a store clerk, and didn’t sense anything special about the girl. But after Alice fell into the trap, she showed the most incredible spirit.

**FlashBack 1; yesterday afternoon**

Sunny watched the customers drive off, waiting till they were out of sight before darting into the forest. Her purple dress stood out in the forest, but she easily moved without being noticed. Her shortcut brought her to the public restroom with time to spare, far ahead of the caravan of desperate young ladies. She went pee in the bushes, more out of boredom than need, and re-checked her preparations. Lasly, she removed her disguise, and returned to her true identity of Misty the cat-girl.

She had a good hiding spot in a knot of pipes above the sink, where she could find the right time to strike. She quivered at the memory of how they had naively slurped down her lemonade. Honing her ability to lie was one of the best decisions she ever made. It made it easy to get specialized diuretics, and obviously to get people to ingest them. She grinned at the thought of her lemonade laced with the buttercup-yellow powdered diuretic she selected. Moderate time delayed, motion triggered, with a faint, lime-like taste. She heard the rumble of their carriage outside, and crept through the pipes to the window. She turned herself invisible, and reinstated herself in her hiding place for the best view.

The girl that was driving was the first to enter. Misty silently giggled at the panic when she saw the urinals, and settled in for a show as the others came through the door. She enjoyed the way she used her tail to hold back the flood, and the look of terror on the bunny-girl’s face. She never cared for the soggy Lady of the Court.Then, Alice did something interesting. She announced that she knew could use a urinal, and ran over.

Misty was thrilled that she actually got to see plan-B in action. Plan A was to get them to wet, and nab the wet clothes when they changed. That was why she had set this trap on a travel road, so people would have spare clothes to distract them. She actually liked plan-B better, but no one had ever set it into motion before.

She gazed longingly at the panties Alice suspended on her hook, but waited until they were all distracted. She watched in fascination as Alice got into her enticing position, skirt pushed up around her waist. Her stream jetted loudly into the toilet, her back arched dramatically.

Misty stared at Alice’s big, firm-looking breasts as they bounced and heaved with her panting. She thought the could feel Alice’s hissing vibrating the pipes she hid in, but it was probably ‘just’ echoing through the rafters. Misty couldn't look away, until the bright gold fluid stopped rushing out of Alice.

She silently slipped down, and stealthily snapped up the blonde's panties. She stole the others as an afterthought, and slid out behind the building. She had never seen anything hotter than what Alice had done. The way her dark blond hair complemented her golden urine. The rippling shudders of her flexed thighs. The way her big boobs heaved with her sounds of relief. She needed to experience that pee. She grieved the loss caused by her failure to disable the flushing of the urinals.

She unfolded her prize, placing the others in her backpack for later use. Misty felt a crushing disappointment as she looked at the miniscule wet spot on Alice’s used panties. The other girls had left more fluid in theirs but they paled in comparison to Alice. She pressed the panties to her face as she sat on the ground.”Oh.OH.Ohhh!” Misty dove her nose into the fabric, moaning as she enjoyed the scent of Alice’s pee. She leaned her back against the wall, legs kicking in ecstasy. Alice’s pee smelled almost floral to the catgirl, and seemed to have intense aphrodisiac properties. She felt hot, and bothered, and bursting with pee.

She saw a fish-boy run out of the trees and into the bathroom, but she was to engaged to be bothered by the boy. Boys rarely woar underwear worth the effort of stealing, so she just obeyed the numbers and raided females for their soggy skivvies. She was still sitting against the outer wall behind Diabolical Trap# 32 with her legs bent so her knees pointed upward, as she clutched the moist part of the silky blush-pink bikini brief to her nose.

She was so full, that if she tried to move, she’d wet herself automatically. She liked the idea of inducing urination so subtly, it would be really hot to do an unplanned wetting that felt like a real accident. She was getting excited, her cheeks flushed pink as she bit her lower lip, but also knew it would be even better if she waited. ‘Don’t be greedy’ she chanted in her head, resisting the urge to wet too early. She was burning with anticipation, but she fought her impatience to reach the better reward. She cautiously looked at her watch.

Alice and others had arrived around 2:45 pm, now it was 3:30. She had slipped behind the building about 10 minutes after they arrived. She had been basically empty until she smelled the sweet fragrance of Alice’s panties, so she had been holding for about 30 minutes. She had done far longer holds, her record was 4 hours with a additional drink every hour, but she felt that in this state a total of 45 minutes would be reasonable.

She had 15 more minutes, and then she would trigger a wetting with a single movement. She could still move her arms and hands fairly freely, so she toyed with Alice’s panties. She stroked the silky smooth fabric, fondling the spot where the small amount of urine spilled out, running her fingertips over the seams. She closed her eyes and envisioned what they had looked like, being leaked into on the carriage ride. She envisioned Alice wearing only the panties and a skimpy pink bra, rocking and bumping against the seat. She paused her visualisation.

She had 5 more minutes on the clock, and needed to decide what motion to trigger the wetting with. If she put if off to the last minute, she’d just wind up doing something lame. She looked down at her body, taking her outfit into account. Her dark purple camisole was cropped above her navel. It wouldn’t get wet so it didn’t factor into the decision. She made a mental note to cross her arms at her chest, to protect the purple and black striped fingerless gloves, running up to her elbows. She was happy to realize she was wearing her new greyish lavender leggings. This was the perfect occasion to christen the untested garment. Her lace-up boots were advertised as fully waterproof, and had demonstrated that to be true countless times.

She could lift her hips, but the leggings wouldn't soaked the way she wanted. She decided on a subtle leg movement, one that would feel like she was genuinely having a wetting accident. As the time came, she conjured back her fantasy.

She reached the end of her hold, and let out a breath. She slowly slid her left leg down and slightly to the side. Her knee came to rest on the ground just as the pee pierced through her underwear like cupid’s arrow, and her leggings filled with warm, liquid romance. She closed her eyes and returned to her vision of Alice.

The balconette bra she wore in the fantasy had stiff cups, barely reaching past her nipples. The bra held the bottom half of her boobs steady while pushing the upper part higher, concentration the jiggling to the upper-section of her breasts. In addition to jiggling, her breasts gave large bounces as the carriage jolted over potholes. Her soft panties caressed her ass and nether regions, a drop of pee darkening them every 5th bump. She envisioned Alice’s thighs tensing, her hips wiggling against the seat, and her hand pressing the panties against the tiny droplets around her opening.

Misty spread her legs as she came, her stream ending shortly after. She opened her eyes and squealed with joy at the sight of her leggings. She always surprised herself with the form the wetness took by closing her eyes during the event. This time was especially good, the staining making it clear what the leggings had bore witness to. It was dark and soggy, but concentrated around the butt and crotch, with narrow strips down the back-inner leg. No one could mistake these stains for something other than a peeing accident, and a ‘bad’ one at that.

She heard a man pounding on the door and shouting, and decided to take her leave. Careful not to mess up the pattern of wetness, Misty stood up and slipped back to the castle. She was glad she had teleportation abilities. Otherwise her leggings would dry before she could get back to finish enjoying them.

**Flashback #2; Yesterday Evening**

At the castle, she had realized that the small amount of urine dribbled into Alice’s panties would only work once, and she had already used them up. She frantically grabbed a go-to ruse and teleported close to the duchess's house. She got into disguise, whizzed out as much as she could in a bush, and knocked on the door.

Chef Ginger was a notorious bargain-hunter, and she easily got permission to show her wears in the kitchin. At her encouragement, the chef showed off her family variation of Spice Meadow Stew, a favourite regional dish with hundreds of variations. Skylar had chosen from her recipes for a good dish to let her trial her cookware. The family secret of putting 6x the black pepper, and a ¼ cup of white pepper had the desired effect of creating a cloud around the house. Mary Ann had told ‘Sunny’ that they were on the way to the duchess house, and she was biding her time for their arrival. She heard a cart pull up, and excused herself to get the ladles she left in the case by the door. She bent down and faked rummaging through the case, as she watched through the windowed center of the door.

Alice and her friends were hit by the effects if her pepper, and she shook in anticipation. Every time Alice sneezed, her eyes darted to her skirt, hoping to see a squirt dibble out. She was still waiting when she heard the unremarkable noise indicating Blanch had peed in her panties. Her eyes were still locked on Alice’s maddeningly dry hips, as Rosette let out half her pee, followed by the other half 50 seconds later.

She turned when Mary Ann unleashed a loud torrent onto the steps, but almost gave herself whiplash looking back when she heard Alice gasp. ‘Please don’t let me have missed it! Please tell me that gasp was an warning!’ she mentally pleaded with the universe. Her prayers were answered when she saw Alice’s still dry skirt. She squeezed her legs together and waited. And waited. Still waiting…’She doesn't have to go!’. Skylar almost started sobbing in disappointment.

She returned to the chef dejected, as Alice’s friends made the dripping walk to the cart without Alice. She had everything worked out! How she would watch by the door to know when to strike, how she would jog out of the house to comfort Alice when she wet, how she would walk with her back to the carriage and snag her pee-filled panties and hopefully skirt when she was changing. She had even forced herself to pee out more than she had to go, just so she wouldn’t be affected by the pepper.

True love made any other panties seem like empty distractions, not worth the trouble of gathering. She quickly made her sale and waked down the road to regroup and make a new plan. She needed to buy herself time, to wait until she could get Alice to pee herself...She grabbed a branch from the side of the road across the path. She waited 12 minutes for the sun to start setting, and started to run to the house. She gave a faux-distressed knock, and delivered her ruse to Ginger. She was quickly granted permission to stay the night, giving her plenty of opportunities to push Alice’s bladder past its limit.

But right now, she was more interested in getting a close-up demonstration of Alice’s amazing stream. She noticed Alice’s glass was empty, and jumped to act before someone else got to it first. She grabbed two glasses from behind the bar, and pulled out a tiny pouch of opalescent diuretic tablets. She had four total, and returned two to her pocket, before placing the small pills in the bottom of the glasses. She stood and brought the glasses to the front of the bar. She stuck a lime wedge on each glass, and watched the mineral water pour into the tumblers. The tablets dissolve fast, and the extra fizzing and sparkling particles went unnoticed.

She handed Alice the drink and sipped her own. She had never actually taken a diuretic during a plot, and she felt a thrill run down her throat with the bubbly water. She watched Alice for the signs she had experienced while testing the tablets. Dissolving quickly, being hard to detect, the suddenness of the delayed response, and the enhanced bladder control. These traits almost guaranteed Skylar a chance to see Alice’s bladder in action again. She casually crossed her legs tightly, though it was unnecessary, setting up justification for a hasty retreat when Alice left for the bathroom.

Mary Ann stopped droning on about the W.S.R., and Alice showed the tell-tale pause. Her body was preparing to make sudden demands that the mind lead the way to a bathroom, and both were silent where while the message was delivered. She choked back a squeal when Alice started to make frantic requests for a bathroom.

Her legs uncrossed in preparation. Alice dove out the door, and Skylar stood abruptly. “I...Have-To-Go-Too!” she announced, clutching herself for effect. She took of, the Duke shouting consolations that there were multiple stalls, so don’t fight.

She rushed to catch up, rather than risk missing part of the show. Curtain call was coming, and Skylar explained her presence as they ran. Consuming the diuretic along with Alice had created an intimate bond between their bladders. She followed Alice through the door, and got in the stall next to her. She pulled her underwear and tights halfway to her thighs and held them there. She wanted to delay her involvement for as much of Alice’s performance as she could. When Alice ripped her panties and skirt off, it was too much. Her legs gave out as she collapsed onto the toilet, her hosiery and panties were pushed to her ankles, and she started as she heard Act 1 of Alice’s pee. She bit back moans as she listened to the dialogue of hisses. She heard the monolog of the stream reach its dramatic climax. The pee crashing into the bowl was a curtain closing, and Skylar finished her standing ovation.

She grabbed the panties off the floor as she finished, and flushed. She lifted her panties without wiping away the drops clinging to her, letting the tights protect this secret. She wanted the panties as a memento of the piss she had shared with Alice, to treasure forever.

* * Flashback 3: Last Night**

Skylar was thrilled that Rosette was so gullible. She gazed at Alice’s sleeping form a few feet over. It was for the best that they both had their own tiny bed. Otherwise Skylar would have been unable to resist dipping Alice’s long fingers in a bowl of warm water, and getting soaked when the slumbering girl relieved herself in the hypothetical shared bed. The thought had her feet bobbing as she made sure Alice was truly asleep. She stepped out of bed to complete this evening's hiset.

She picked up Alice’s 2 bags with clothing in them, and slipped into the laundry room downstairs. If she was caught, she would fain half-asleep confusion, and say she thought she was washing her own clothes. Unzipping the first bag she found nothing with pee on it. She huffed as she drew open the second bag. She would be so frustrated if all she got for a whole night of work was the, unfortunately dry, panties she got off the bathroom floor. As she opened the bag, the delicious scent she had been craving wafted from the bottom of the bag.

Eagerly, she found the source: a navy mesh garment bag full of Alice’s unwashed laundry. Shuffling through the contents she found several articles of clothing Alice had peed in. Apparently, she had forgotten to ask Mary Ann how to use their laundry machine, because the bag had everything she’d gotten dirty since she came to Wonderland. Among the dust and spilled soup, she found a treasure trove of urine scent. These bags let the fluid evaporate, but left the smell and the stain dried in.

She looked at her new collectables: Jeans, a sweatshirt, a t-shirt, a black bra and navy briefs appeared to have been submerged after wetting; A lacy blue brief and rough stockings, both visibly stained; Blue pajama bottoms and lavender briefs that had been peed into with great force. She stroked her new prized possessions.

Alice didn't seem to be checking the bag regularly, so she could keep all of them. She was glad, because she could never make the choice of which piece to abandon. She recorded the bags and set them back in the guest room, before packing all but sky blue lace and scratchy white mesh in her suitcase. She slipped down the stairs, and sat down on the couch.

She pressed the material to her nose, and her eyes shot open. Something about the scent of Alice’s urine inspired Skylar’s bladder to fill to busting on contact. She ran squealing into the night, towards the bathroom she had enjoyed with Alice befor. She cried out in ecstasy as her legs pumped, and crushed the undergarments to her chest.

She entered the bathroom, and ran to the open door of the stall Alice sat in a few hours befor. She pounded against the dividing wall as she decided how to relieve herself. She wanted to do something adventurous and exotic for her whiz. Struck by inspiration, she lifted the seat, propped a foot on the rim, and pulled herself up. She wore a mauve slip without underwear, so she could do the deed without concern about explaining why she was wet.

It was like a bomb dropping, as her stream shot straight into the toilet bowl. She screamed in excitement at the forceful impact of her pee hitting the toilet water. She thrashed from her perch, familiar enough with this technique to move without losing her laser-beam precision into the toilet. She kept restricting and halting the flow, stretching the session out to 6 minutes.

Coming down from the high, she brought the perfumed under wear down from her nose and carefully got down. Her legs were shaky, so she replaced the seat, and sat down to recover from her passion. She took 3 minutes to collect herself, before standing and flushing the toilet. She didn’t learn she had an audience until breakfast the next morning.

Unfortunately, she had only been able to pee once since then, when she and Alice took a morning pit stop before breakfast. She had sat bursting on the Duchesses toilet for 15 minutes before she left, but her bladder was on strike until it got another shot at Alice’s urine. She hadn’t gotten out a single, drop before she gave up and sat uncomfortably in the cart. She tried again in the grass, then in her shorts, but it seemed unless Alice came along again, this pee would take place in her pants when her bladder was forced let go. She had to return to the castle by noon, so she wouldn’t see Alice for the two days until they arrived. Sighing she settled in for the long wait. Sometimes, she wished she couldn’t hold the volumes she could.

I just wanted to clarify that when in character, Misty will refer to herself by that name. This is the most names she'll have in a single chapter, so it should get less confusing. I'm not really sure how her feelings for Alice should play out, so feel free to give suggestions. Her character is probably going to get creepier and more sympathetic as the story progresses.

*027*2017-07-28 22:31

I was cruise if anyone thought i had been neglecting any character in regards to omo scenes. If there's a specific character that you like, but hasn't had any/many omg scenes please feel free to request. I can't make any promises, but the Regata would allow the characters to reappear without plot holes. Also I'd love to hear any suggestions for events to include in the regatta. It has sports/competitions, social gatherings (like masquers and croquette picnics), and unofficial events (like parties and ,mixers), so please feel free to include whatever you want. Thanks for Reading-SomeGirl

Ch.30: The Torrid Wetness of the Mad Hatter and March Hair

The ladies arrived shortly at the manor of Count Macha and Countess Mocha in Saucer Township. The sleepy eyed mouse-girl who opened the door was wearing yellow pajamas, spotted with daisies. The girl led them to the walled back garden, where Mary Ann took Alice aside while the mouse-girl before they entered. “I wanted to warn you that the couple is somewhat...overzealous about their...hobbies. They don’t care if people thick their strange, but I thought the warning might help you be comfortable.” before Alice could ask what she meant by ‘strang’ the mouse-girl opened the door to the tea-party garden. The garden was beautiful: Geometric shapes carved from various tea-leaf shrubs;Several elegant fountains; and hundreds of edible flowers. At a long picnic table, the Count and Countess were shifting around to different chairs.

The mouse girl gestured to them “These are Count Macha and Countess Mocha. They prefer to be addressed by their first names…” she droned sleepily. She walked over to an empty seat, and dozed off the second she sat down. The others joined them as the hosts sat still for the meeting.

The meeting went quickly, but a few minutes in Alice heard a pattering and dripping from the seat next to her. Looking at the mouse-girl, her eyes found the source of the sound splashing onto the ground. The mouse-girl was reclining back in the chair, chin resting on her collarbone, legs spread. The trickle was still going, carving dark lines of fluid into her pajama pants. The veins of urine coiled down to her ankles, where they drizzled across the ground. Alice had no idea what, if anything she should do, as the slow, steady flow continued. It was almost a minute before the faucet turned off. She glanced around for a hint at how to handle the situation, and noticed the meeting was wrapping up. All parties but Mocha stood to stretch their legs.

The countess was a hare-girl, which was apparently different from a rabbit-girl, of about 33 years. She had hair streaked with every shade of brunette, and chocolate brown eyes. She was tall, but dainty with refined features. She was wearing a knee-length A-line dress with ¾ sleeves, peep-toe kitten heels, and dark stockings on a garter belt. The dress was made of chocolate-colored velvet, with a under skirt of latte and cocoa brown brocade. Her hair was in a chiffon bun, with a light brown decorative comb. The elegant woman looked to her husband.

“Darling, I...ooh..I...I CAN’T HOLD IT ANYMORE! I”M ABOUT TO SOAK MYSELF!” she was ecstatic as she wiggled against the chair. Her husband leapt to her side, radiating excitement. “The long awaited event! Shall I pull you against me, or would my lady prefer to go in her skirts?” he was grabbing at his bladder, but wanted to delay gratification until his beloved took her turn. “Umm. I...R-really want to pee...in something.” she glanced around for something in reach.

Seeing she needed his aid, the Count reached behind him and grabbed a teacup. His wife was dancing with desire as he placed the cup below her skirts in offering. Her face contorted with pleasure as she delicately lowered her black side-string panties below the level of the cup. Eyelashes fluttering, lower lip caught between teeth, fingers tightly gripping the arms of her chair. She did a final check that the cup was in position, and relinquished her last shred of bladder-control.

The pressure in her bladder slipped down to her opening, and poured neatly into the cup. “Always so graceful…” her husband muttered as he gazed lovingly at the ladylike stream. Her hissing was faint, but like a tea kettle. Her chin tilted upward at her gratifying urination, and her eyes locked intently with her husband as she came to a natural conclusion.

She noticed he had switched the cups without her noticing, preserving all of her golden fluid. Smiling as her husband stood, Mocha let him guide her to the grass. He lay down, and requested she sit on top of his hips, and push his bladder. Removing her panties fully, she gathered her skirt at her navel, and lowered herself till she hovered above her darling.

She took a deep breath to center herself, before slamming herself down onto his engorged bladder. Macha managed to handle that first powerful jolt, but as his wife's bouncing continued, he felt the pressure start to escape down his shaft. He nodded in warning as she fell onto his bulging bladder for the final blow. The sudden gush downwards instantly bypassed his opening and streamed down his ass to pool beneath. To his delight, his wife continued to pound his emptying bladder with her hips. Each hit to his emptying bladder sent of shock of vibration through the contents. He felt the stream gently coil around itself, as it traveled down his penis. He roared in joy as the last of his pee came surging into his pants.

The guests had left at some point after Mocha’s declaration of need, and the household manager mouse girl was still asleep at the table, wetting herself for the second time. The couple walked up to their bedroom to fully appreciate the urine spilt on the others body.

Ch.31: A Nighttime Stroll Through the Urinal Garden

The long drive from the home of Macha and March had been exhausting, but they finally arrived at the Palace of Hearts. The night watchman was kind enough to park the carriage, and spend the night butlers to bring their bags to their rooms. The ladies had bought a picnic lunch earlier, so they didn’t need dinner. The sore women were instructed to the nearby urination garden. Their sleep-hungry minds led them down a wrong turn, and they wound up in a statue garden of artistic urinals. They all agreed they were too tired and too urgent to retrace their steps, and each selected one of the creative relief stations.

Blanch was happy to find one that was lower to the ground, and breezed over. The urinal was sturdy white porcelain, with red ceramic bows sculpted on, and metallic orange etched metal work. The short distance the bowl hoved of the ground was much more comfortable for someone her size. She stood close to the bowl and lifted her peach bubble skirt, as she let her soggy diaper fall to the ground. Her exhaustion, the wetness from the diaper, the cool night breeze, and her open leg stance had her peeing before she could pull herself into position. She quickly tilted her hips, and the splashing on the gravel was replaced by the dinging of pee hitting a metal drain.

She had flushed twice before she came to the end of this pee session. Pausing above the bowl, because she might start again while she thought, Blanch elected to put on a diaper for bed. Swinging her hips back into their normal stance, she briskly walked to the bag she kept a few of her diapers in. She selected an extra-padding overnight nappy, and lay back on the nearby bench to put it on. She sat up and waited for her friends to finish their long hand washing at the fountain. The fountain was nice, but she always felt anxious keeoing her hands under running water for too long. She sat back and enjoyed the dry diaper while it lasted. The thick, cushy padding cradled her lower body, and the lack of wetness felt nice. Her friends and her walked back to the Palace of hearts.

Alice selected a smooth urinal was made of sky blue marble, with pearl studded piping. The inside was inlaid with abalone, and the milky rainbow sheen glowed in the moonlight. Undoing her shorts, and letting them down to her knees she mounted the urinal and let out what she had been holding for 6 ½ hours. The tea from that Matcha had given them for the road, the lemonade from the picnic, and 2 bottles of water came out like an ocean tide. Alice hummed in pleasure as the forceful stream continued for around 2 ½ minutes. She tried to remember how long it had been since she last peed, it felt too good to be in the near past. After they left for the palace, they had gotten breakfast in a cafe, and they all peed then. After that, they continued until they stopped to eat lunch and buy the dinner. She remembered the mild urgency that she relived before they left. They made no stops after that, so she hadn’t gone in 8 hours.

She finished a water bottle after lunch, and another before dinner. That was about an hour and a half from her last pee break. The need had been so mild when she finished the second, that she had a full bottle of lemonade at dinner. She hadn’t taken into account that she was only feeling the effects of the first bottle, and had even drank the thermos of green tea Matcha had given her before the meeting started. 15 minutes after the last sip of caffeinated tea, she started to feel the second bottle. It was still manageable, but 20 minutes after that, her bladder was hit with the lemonade. She crossed her legs, and kept an eye out for a rest stop. Nothing for the rest of the drive, and 10 minutes later, she was bursting under the pressure from the tea. She had been feeling herself fill to the brim for almost an hour, and struggled for over 5 more.

She had no idea how she had only spilled about 2 ounces into her boyshort underwear, when she had been grappling back at least 42 oz for so long. She glanced down to check the urinals fullness, but this one had been given a basin that rose from the ground to the lip of the bowl, easily 2 feet deep. She had filled the bottom about an inch up, her pee shimmering on the abalone surface. When she finally tinkled out the last of her long-endured agony, she leaned her forehead on the cool marble as she recovered. She was panting, and her whole body felt light.

Before she came to Wonderland, she would have just gone in her shorts after 30 minutes, but now she could experience the pleasure of peeing after a ⅓ day of need. She heard a sound in the bushes and quickly pulled up her pants. Cringing at the wetness in her panties, she took off her shorts, peeled down the wet silver-blue fabric, and put the shorts back on. She dropped the panties into the urinal, partly because she couldn’t figure out the turning flush handle, and went to wash the pee of her hands.

Rosette only drank 1 ½ bottles of fluid on the drive, but she was still holding from breakfast, the tea party, and lunch. She had skipped the lemonade at dinner because she was already recrossing her legs every 2 minutes. She had forgotten to pee at every opportunity since the duchess house. She waddled to a bronze plated urinal with sculpted rose embellishments, each petal coated individually in rose-red enamel. She threw herself into position,left hand pulling aside her panties, right hand moving her tulip-petal skirt out of the way. Her body knew it was finally allowed to let go before her mind did. Her tourent pounded and drummed against the metal, emptying her bladder quickly and violently. It actually burned a little, the way the pressure stretched her hole widder.

In 4 seconds, she fell back onto the grass with a roar of triumph. The cool night air tickled her as drips dampened her underwear, and she giggled. The sweat on her brow was evaporating, and the walls of her bladder slouched in relief as the finally were allowed to deflate. She smiled at the stars for a minute, before shakily standing up, and jerking the handle that would spin her urine into oblivion. Watching the pee circle the drain, she noted that it was fatigue, rather than pressure, that had been so close to unbearable. She held her head high as she walked to the sink.

Befor Mary Ann finished registering her traditionally-masculine surroundings, she found herself squatting over a green glass urinal. Moving on autopilot, her hands dropped her ivory satin panties, and held up her ankle length skirt as she automatically emptied into the urinal. As her body flooded with relief, she looked to admire the work of art she was urinating into. The clear green glass was smooth, and well shaped. Her eyes followed the glass pipe to a visible tank. She spotted two blown glass spheres, one hanging from the pull chain, one bobbing in the glass tank. She finished her urgent business, and moved to flush. To her shock, she realized as the handle returned to its upright position, the links of the chain where glass too. Her eyes fluttered in delight as the water swirled down the pipes and within the tank. Her pee was whisked off through a pipe piercing the ground, and she raised her underwear as she went to wash her hands.

When the four women all made their way to their rooms, a new figure slipped out of the tree overlooking the garden. The purple babydoll she wore to sleep was covered in dirt and leaves, but she was almost shedding tears of joy. She rushed directly to the blue marble urinal, and reached inside. Withdrawing the panties the smell overwhelmed her, and her pee started jetting diagonally onto the ground behind her. In case it was unclear, Misty the cat-girl was bent over the walls of a container of Alice’s piss, clasping Alice’s just submerged panties.

After watching Alice unleash a drencher of a piss into a urinal. Her pee was spraying wildly, as her feet left the ground. Misty accidentally-on-purpose slid face first into the puddle, and her seemingly a;omst done bladder got it second wind. She came hard as the first session transitioned into the next, arching great distances, and hissing softly. Misty was in heaven. She needed to be in her room before the servants changed shifts, but that gave her two more hours to play, and cum, and piss. “If I don’t see Alice, I’m not gonna pee again for 48 hours” she shuddered, as she put the sweet-tasting panties in her mouth to suck on.

