Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*019*2023-01-18 21:04

Hugo had been thinking about what would be good for River and Duncan’s next trip outside. So far, it seemed they did a little bit better in places that were a little crowded and filled with witnesses, but ALSO quiet and without any sudden noises. It was tricky to find spots like that. The Christmas tree lot had been a good one, too bad it wasn’t open all of the time.

The two main ideas he came up with were taking them to a library, or to a museum. Those locations would definitely be quiet, but he would have to choose a day where he could be reasonably certain a lot of visitors would be present.

He decided to try the history museum out on a Saturday, that seemed to be the best option. River and Duncan both agreed, the museum should be the perfect place for them to spend a couple hours.

The drive to it was long, however. River and Duncan had both relieved themselves before leaving the cabin and, while that was enough to satiate Duncan’s bladder for a good long while, an hour long drive gave River’s time to fill back up pretty considerably. Hugo had been talking to them about all the different exhibits and time periods, asking them about which spots they’d like to see first.

Duncan kept mentioning that he wanted to see old sculptures from the Greeks or the Romans, and River said “The first thing I gotta see is the restroom, actually.”

“River, did you go before we left?” Hugo asked.

“Yes, of course I did,” River said. “But, it’s been, like, an hour. So I kinda need to go again.”

“Okay…” Hugo said, glancing at the clock. It HAD been an hour since they’d left, longer than he’d thought. And that generally WAS plenty of time for River to start feeling a slight urge for relief.

It took Hugo some time to find a spot in the large parking garage across from the museum. He had to go up a few floors before he found a vacant one. This part of town had so many things to do, it was usually crowded on the weekends. River got more uncomfortable the longer they drove around in circles and was very pleased when the car finally stopped. Now that he’d voiced his need for the toilet, he couldn’t stop thinking about peeing, making himself more eager for it.

Leaving the parking garage gave River and Duncan the creeps. Even with the sun out, it was pretty dark. The corners were filled with shadows, hard to tell if anything was lurking in them. If it weren’t for all the other people walking around, they would have been beyond terrified.

When they got to the museum, Hugo paid for the tickets and led River and Duncan inside. “Okay, so we can go to the—“

“Still gotta pee,” River interrupted. His voice was calm, not betraying any urgency. He didn’t FEEL urgent, just uncomfortable enough to want to let his piss out before he got busy with anything else.

“Right, right,” Hugo said. “Toilets first.” He cleared his throat and lowered his voice. “And, we’ll both go in with you, okay?”

River nodded. He’d been hoping that they would. He also hoped the men’s room would have at least a few OTHER people in it. So long as the restroom was bustling, and he could hear sinks running, toilets flushing, streams trickling… So long as activity was taking place and he wasn’t alone in dead-quiet, trying to relax and pee, he knew that he’d be able to go.

But, then they got TO the restrooms, and River didn’t think he’d be able to go after all.

The men’s room had a sign tacked to it; Out of Order.

Frowning, River tried the door anyway, and discovered it was locked. His bladder throbbed, angry at having its relief taken away. Knowing there were toilets behind that door made him want to use one that much more.

Hugo watched him struggle with the door, worrying that his need was a lot worse than he was letting on. He looked at River’s feet, anxiously twitching on the floor. Then, he turned to the door for the women’s room. He heard a toilet flush inside of it, saw River flinch at the noise, and when a woman exited a moment later, Hugo rubbed the back of his neck. “Uh… If the guys’ is closed…” he said. “I’ve used the ladies’ a few times, actually. And, I mean, it’s been fine… Everyone gets that it’s just… What happens if the other one isn’t working.”

Duncan looked at River, concerned. HE had used the women’s room once before, he’d been at a bar that mostly catered to gay guys. Naturally, the line for the men’s was enormous while no one at all was waiting for the women’s. Duncan had been bursting, taken one look at the line, and just KNEW that he’d wet his pants waiting in it. So, he’d gone into the women’s, taken a stall, peed, and no one had cared. Granted, a gay bar was probably one of the last places on Earth where someone WOULD care, but still…

He had reason to believe that this was more complicated for River. During a few of their late-night talks as they’d fallen asleep, River had mentioned that it used to be really common for him to have ‘issues’ using public bathrooms… He hadn’t ever elaborated on what those ‘issues’ were, but Duncan could certainly GUESS.

“So,” Hugo said. “If you… I mean, we’ll still go in WITH you if you need us to. And I can even check first if there’s anybody in there…”

River looked at the women’s room door, too. There were toilets in there, and the ONLY difference was the sign, and the lack of urinals affixed to the wall… He got spooked if he shut the door to a stall, so he could just leave it open while he used it…

But, there were all those… THINGS that had happened when he’d been homeless.

Back then, River was never sure which bathroom to use. No one could tell what he was, he caught people staring at him often enough, caught them trying to figure him out. He’d been off his Estrogen for so long that he had a fuzzy face, his shoulders were broad, and when he spoke what came out was a decidedly unfeminine voice. He’d cut his hair short, and he dressed like a guy.

But, then he had the breasts. His parents had forced the Estrogen and T-blockers into him for long enough that he’d developed fairly large breasts that couldn’t be hidden beneath just a shirt. He’d seen it several times, people would look from his face, down to his chest, and then back and forth over and over. Usually, what would cross their expression then would be disgust.

Public restrooms were River’s only option when he wanted to use a toilet, since he didn’t have a home to return to. Sometimes, he’d be lucky and find a gender-neutral one, but those were rare. So, most of the time he’d have to pick a door and hope for the best. And he really had to hope, because most places he was able to go weren’t safe.

No matter which restroom he chose, there was usually a problem. Women shouting at him and demanding to know what he thought he was doing, men calling him a faggot and threatening to beat him up. A couple times, he actually WAS beaten, and then the worst part was needing to pay to take his clothes to the laundromat after the assault had caused him to soil himself.

Once he’d had security called on him, and was forced to explain his condition at great length to a bunch of strangers while crossing his legs and trying not to wet his pants. After that was finally over, the security guard informed him that the appropriate restroom for him to use was ‘neither one’. When the guard had walked off, he overheard the man talking into his radio. ‘Yeah, I got the bathroom thing sorted out, I told it to leave.’

It.

And then, the woman who’d reported him told him that he could go pee outside ‘like the other animals.’

The worst part was, after a while, River stopped getting all that upset when these things happened. He’d come to expect them. He’d come to see himself as an animal, just like that woman had said. A mangy, disgusting stray dog that was too loathsome and broken to ever be loved. The kind of dog that rotted in the back of the pound for months until it was finally put to sleep to make room for more deserving creatures. River wasn’t a human, he’d been disqualified from the species, he even BEHAVED like a mutant dog sometimes.

He ate out of dumpsters, drank out of puddles, consumed things that a regular dog wouldn’t even touch. When he had actual food, he devoured it and glanced with paranoia at all who came close, fearing that they’d steal it from him if he didn’t swallow every last morsel as fast as he could. He saw everyone who came close as a threat, but he allowed himself to be used by them if it meant the possibility of food. He got into fights, and he even growled at people.

He wasn’t a human. He was a creature that had crawled up from the depths beneath the Earth, and even his own parents hadn’t been able to figure out a reason to love him.

For a while after the ‘like the other animals’ incident, River did just exclusively relieve his bladder outside. It was scary to unclothe himself in dark alleys, it was scary to crouch and be so vulnerable until he was through peeing. But, he’d learned his lesson; Toilets were for humans, and he didn’t count as one of those.

One night, after a group of teens had decided it would be hilarious to break a bottle on River’s arm while he slept, he had to use his planned food money to buy things to clean the wound. He got peroxide and some medical bandages and tape. When he felt how tight the bandages were, he had another idea. He wrapped them around his chest as firmly as they’d go, and fixed them in place with the tape. When he put his shirt back on, he was mostly flat.

And the next day when he had to pee, he tried to use an actual bathroom. When he went into the men’s room, no one gave him trouble. No one ever did again. The bandages hurt like Hell. If he turned in the wrong direction, inhaled too deeply, or moved too fast, it would feel like he was being crushed. But, he didn’t dare take them off. They were there to stay. People thought he was a human if he had them on.

He couldn’t use the women’s bathroom now, no matter how badly he had to go. Security could be called again. And, even if now the only thing he’d have to explain was “It’s an emergency, the guys’ is out of order and I just need to pee,” he never wanted to talk to security over using the restroom again. He never wanted to be called an animal again, to hear people referring to him as an ‘it’. Maybe the last two things wouldn’t happen this time, but that wasn’t enough for him to risk it.

He would hold it.

He shook his head. “No,” he told Hugo. “I’ll just wait until we’re back home. I don’t even need to go that much.” He wasn’t even lying really. His urge was a constant low thrum, always there and drawing his attention. It wasn’t urgent, though.

He just knew that, when he needed to pee, it tended to BECOME urgent rather quickly…

He would be okay, though. He was sure of it.

The first half hour of the trip went well, River and Duncan both felt very comfortable with their surroundings. There were lots of people, but they were all quiet. No sudden bangs or squeals made either of them jump. It was nice.

After about an hour though, River was a little LESS comfortable. His bladder was becoming less of an annoyance and more of an actual problem. He was now trying his best to distract himself with all the sights of the museum. They were currently in an area that was focused on American pioneers, looking at a display that showed items which would have been in their cabins.

Some of it reminded River of his OWN cabin, the appliances and things were just a lot more modern where he lived. And the pioneers didn’t own any DVD players or mangas.

He glanced around the exhibit. The giant cooking stove was sort of interesting, because he hadn’t known people used them to warm up their houses before heating systems existed. Yep. Definitely not thinking about peeing. The spinning wheel was kind of cool. Nope. River was not gonna think about peeing. Oh, the pattern of the quilt on the bed was nice, and River was not imagining himself in front of a toilet at all. Those pillows sure looked fluffy, and River didn’t even want a urinal THAT much. He was fine, he was fine. He was perfectly fine, and he wasn’t thinking about peeing. In fact, he was doing such a good job distracting himself that he had forgotten what peeing even was! It was like his bladder didn’t exist anymore!

He spotted a white bowl with a tiny handle on its side. It looked like a giant coffee mug. It was set right next to the bed. River knew what it was, and he knew what it was for. He knew he shouldn’t look at it. He knew he shouldn’t linger on it. He knew he shouldn’t imagine himself as a young farm worker during the times of the pioneers, waking up far too early, and far too full of pee. He knew he shouldn’t imagine himself then pulling that little bowl thing out from beneath his bed, lifting up his night-shift and relaxing as liquid poured from his tip and into the receptacle. He knew he shouldn’t imagine putting the bowl back underneath the bed, nuzzling beneath the warm quilt and falling back asleep, nice and comfy again.

He imagined it all anyway.

He even imagined just climbing over the rope, into the exhibit, picking up that pot and using it for what was probably the first time since, like, the 1800s. That was what it was FOR after all, wasn’t it? He may not be able to bash down the locked door of the men’s room and use a regular, modern urinal, but he could EASILY climb over a rope and use the old chamber pot!

Hugo had told him the museum had security cameras, though. That had been comforting at the time, but now that he was fantasizing about doing something that he didn’t want filmed, he didn’t think he liked the cameras anymore.

Besides that, there were lots of other people milling around the museum, plenty of people to watch as River did something that was both disgusting and wrong. He would DEFINITELY have security called on him if he pissed in the pot, and THIS time it would be completely justified.

He shook his head, the whole idea had been absurd. He had to forget the pot was there, had to forget that anything existed within his vicinity which he could, theoretically, relieve himself into. He glanced at the little note cards set in front of the exhibit. He tried his best to ignore the one for the pot, but to his dismay, it was the only one his eyes were willing to scan over.

‘CHAMBER POT

‘Chamber’ was a term which meant ‘bedroom’. Chamber pots were small, portable toilets meant to be used during the night. They were typically kept beneath a person’s bed, and were in common use in many parts of the world prior to indoor plumbing.

Chamber pots have existed since at least the 6th century BC and were common until the mid 1900s.

In those days, people may have found it quite convenient to be able to relieve their bladders in the comfort of their bed, if you were to try that now, you’d have to change your sheets!’

River really wished they hadn’t put that LAST sentence in there, it was making him REALLY have to clench up his thighs!

Duncan had kept hold of River’s hand this whole time, and furrowed his brow as River started to waver. “Mmmf… Wr—Wrong?” He managed.

River shook his head. “Noth—Nothing’s wrong. Just shouldn’t have been looking at the chamber pot is all, it’s giving me funny ideas.”

Duncan nodded. “Go?”

It took River a second to figure out what exactly Duncan meant from just that one word. It had quite a few DIFFERENT meanings to River in that moment. “Not THAT bad,” he said.

“Mmnn… Leave?”

Oh. He’d meant that sort of ‘go’. River shook his head. “I’ll be alright. Just gotta stop looking at the pot is all.”

Hugo heard them whispering, delighted that Duncan must have said at least ONE word for River to respond to him. “What are you talking about?”

River forced a smile. “Nothing. Just ready to move on.”

They continued through the museum. They passed a replica of an old outhouse. It looked a lot like the one that existed in the woods near their cabin. The memory of how he’d basically drowned the urinal inside that thing weighed heavily on River’s bladder. Again. He wanted to feel that way again. River was sure that if he pushed open the door on that one though, there wouldn’t even be anything inside. His bladder throbbed and urged him to at least go CHECK.

He started to really wish that the museum hadn’t included things about how people in the past relieved themselves. Especially if they were going to lock up the one place River could relieve himself right here and now in the present. There WERE lots of things in all the exhibit rooms that WEREN’T related to urination, but try as he might, all River could focus on were the chamber pots resting in the bedroom displays, the urine bottles located in some of the others… When they got to a room which talked about Rome, instead of looking at any of the old statues and columns, he couldn’t take his eyes away from an illustration on the wall.

It was just one image in a sea of many, and it showed a big open room with long rows flanking each side. The rows all had a series of circular holes cut out of them, and the illustration showed two men sitting over a couple of the holes.

Of course River, again, knew what the image was showing and he knew better than to look at it or think about it. Of course River, again, couldn’t stop himself. He couldn’t stop himself from reading the text placed beside the image, either. Stuff about how, in ancient Rome, relieving oneself openly and surrounded by people was seen as totally normal. All the seats faced inwards, turning the bathroom into a social environment. The toga allowed a person to move up the cloth and still stay covered while using the toilet, which allowed for some privacy. This meant that men urinated while seated. There was some stuff after that about how other things were handled before the invention of toilet paper, which River managed NOT to read.

The issue was, he’d only stopped reading because he was deep in a fantasy again. One in which he was suddenly zapped by some sort of big laser and sent through time, back to ancient Rome, appearing suddenly right in front of one of these restrooms. He imagined being confused, but so overwhelmed by the relief of having a place to pee that he decided not to worry about the time-travel thing until after his bladder was empty.

Assuming he stayed in the same clothes he had on now, rather than a toga, he wouldn’t be able to stay covered while he sat on the toilet. So, he’d stand up to go like he always did, gushing a stream into one of the holes. Anyone else in there would be surprised by his presence, by how different he looked from them, by how different his clothing was, by how differently he peed… But none of that would matter, because River’s bladder would be shrinking away and he’d be feeling so much better, and he just wouldn’t have to hold another drop—

Drip…

Speaking of drops, he felt one warmly soak into the front of his boxers, and his daydream collapsed in on itself as he gave a few urgent hops to try and calm his bladder back down. There wasn’t really a hole carved into a stone block right in front of him. His pants weren’t really unzipped. He wasn’t really allowed to go.

He had to hold it.

So, River did.

He was, in a way, a little proud of himself. The amount of people around him, and the quietness of the space, was making him feel safe. He felt more relaxed than he had during any of his previous outings. Really, if it weren’t for his bladder aching so much, he thought he’d be perfectly fine.

Duncan was even talking a bit. Just, single words at a time. But still!

River started to jiggle his leg where he stood. His urge to go was worsening, he felt a sharp sensation at the base of his dick. It really WAS about time for him to start really thinking about where he’d go for his next piss. Thinking REALISTICALLY about where he’d go for his next piss, anyway. Flooding museum artifacts and hoping for a time-travel beam to hit him wasn’t at all realistic.

THAT men’s room may have been out of order, but maybe there was another one. There probably would be, right? On the second floor? River could hold it until they got up there, even if he WAS feeling uncomfortable now. The waistband of his pants was feeling tighter than it had that morning, and the area between his thighs was getting a little sweaty.

Duncan had finished reading all of the text on the wall— Though he wished he HADN’T read the paragraph about the Roman’s version of ‘toilet paper’. He turned to River, who seemed to be done as well, so he started to walk him off to look at the statues more closely.

Duncan liked the statues a lot. Since he enjoyed art, it was fun to see works that had stood the test of time like this. It was so cool that the statues had been carved hundreds and hundreds of years ago, but hadn’t gotten broken too badly or just crumbled to bits yet. Also—

Well. Yeah. Okay. So, MAYBE the main reason Duncan liked them so much was, honestly, just because a lot of them were of hot, naked guys. But, so what? Someone a really, really long time ago, had decided that those dicks were all important enough to carve them out of marble and immortalize them forever. Why SHOULDN’T Duncan appreciate them?

River could see that, with every statue they passed, Duncan would give a cursory glance to most areas, and then fixate on the chests and crotches for a bit before moving onto the next one.

‘Oh, Duncan, you’re such a perv, you know that?’ River thought fondly. He actually liked that about his partner. He liked how Duncan didn’t often try to HIDE when he felt turned on. He liked how it compelled him to make comments to River about his body. GOOD comments— Telling him he was sexy, drooling over him, statements like “Well, YEAH, of course I’m gonna get hard if you come in here without a shirt! You’re ridiculously hot!” And, knowing that Duncan MEANT all of it, that he truly DID love River’s body.

That was something River had never experienced before. His whole life, his body had been something disgusting, defective, and wrong. It had been something he was supposed to be ashamed of. Before Duncan, the closest he’d come to having someone be attracted to him had been ‘clients’ talking to him about how ‘fascinating’ it was to be with… With a…

River didn’t like to remember the word they all used for him.

They’d never been attracted to him, really. They’d just thought his condition was interesting. Something to check off a sexual bucket list.

Duncan wasn’t like that, he really did love River, he really was attracted to him. And River loved and felt attracted to Duncan. He really wanted to start ACTING on that attraction more soon, and he hoped he could. He thought he’d maybe come close to saying “Let’s get our clothes out of the way, I want more!” a couple times now, but he kept holding it back. He didn’t want this to be the case, and he couldn’t even understand why it WAS, but River was scared to get physical with Duncan. He couldn’t understand how he could WANT Duncan’s touch so badly, yet be afraid of it at the same time.

He was grateful Duncan hadn’t tried to PUSH him into going further yet, though he knew his boyfriend wanted more intimacy just as badly as he did…

River was drawn out of his thoughts by a more urgent tingle in his bladder. Instinctively, all of his muscles tensed up, including the ones in the hand joined with Duncan’s.

Duncan flinched at being squeezed so firmly. “Mmmf…”

“S—Sorry,” River said, shifting his weight around as the spasm passed over him. “You like these statues?”

Duncan nodded.

He wasn’t talking again…

“I bet I can guess which parts you like best…” River said.

Duncan smiled, a small laugh leaving his mouth. He could admit that his staring had been pretty obvious. And he’d noticed River had been looking at the crotches as well.

River HAD been glancing, but for a different reason. His need for the restroom was starting to overwhelm his mind again, so he kept imagine the figures the statues depicted sitting on those stone toilets, peeing away. He hadn’t thought about it before, but those old bathrooms in ancient Rome were probably awfully loud, right? A big circle of people all gushing out their streams at the same time, not even any doors to muffle the sounds?

River pictured himself in Rome. He’d been very, very busy all day. He’d spent hours being forced to stand perfectly still, posing as Duncan carved a statue of him. The statue had come out beautifully, but having to stay still for so long had taken its toll. River was as desperate as could be! He had to hurry along a very far distance, carrying his bursting bladder so painfully in his center. But, then he finally found a bathroom. His body got loose as he dashed into it, but with dismay, he saw that EVERY toilet already had someone sitting on it. All of the other men were releasing long, loud waterfalls of urine, making the room sound like an aqueduct. Since there wasn’t any privacy, River could see the relief present on all of their faces, and all he could do was stand there in the middle of it, squirming and stomping his feet as he begged for someone to finish and let him have a turn! But, they just kept going, for minutes upon minutes, as River’s pain worsened, and he started to—

River snapped out of the daydream at the same time his legs snapped together. “Ooof…”

Hugo, who’d been looking at the statues on the other side of the room, heard River’s wince and came to his side. “You okay?”

“Yeah,” River said. “I keep… Getting a little distracted.”

“By needing to pee?” Hugo guessed.

River said nothing.

“We can go,” Hugo said. “If it’s getting bad for you, you don’t need to keep waiting.”

River nibbled on his lip. He didn’t WANT to cut the trip short, so far this was the calmest he’d felt outside of the cabin! But, he really WAS starting to get desperate. The ache in his bladder was becoming a much more solid pain. “There might be another restroom upstairs,” he reasoned. “Let’s just check before we leave.”

“Okay,” Hugo said.

River, who was NOT looking forward to having to climb up the stairs, followed Hugo towards them. Hugo easily ascended them, and River tried his best to do the same, but lifting his foot and placing it onto the FIRST step sent a ripple through his bladder, made him cringe and adjust his fly uncomfortably. His hand gripped tighter around Duncan’s.

Duncan flinched, but squeezed back. He took the first step as well, then coaxed River along up the rest of the staircase. River winced, shuddered and gasped the entire time. His legs didn’t want to move that way! It kept making the muscles around his bladder strain! He felt the liquid slosh and bubble within him, felt like his piss was frothing and burning the walls of his bladder. Oooh, he needed to go! Simply going up the stairs had sent his need from ‘bad, but manageable’ to ‘urgent and painful!’

He was hoping that the restrooms would be right NEAR the staircase, but they weren’t. Hugo glanced around, then pointed in a random direction and said “Let’s check this way first.”

Trying to stay optimistic, trying to believe that there WOULD be a toilet for him very soon, River walked beside him. He kept squeezing Duncan, his nails digging into his boyfriend’s skin.

“Mnnnn…” Duncan winced. “River…”

River looked down, realized he was scratching Duncan, and tried to loosen up. He was just so tense, though! The need thundering through his bladder made ALL of his muscles want to pull taut to keep anything from leaking out! “S—Sorry, just… Gotta go.”

Duncan nodded. ‘I’m sure you can make it…’ he thought.

They passed through a few more rooms, many of them having objects or images that made River think about peeing. There was one room that featured uniforms from some place that existed a really long time ago in another country. The uniforms were cool, but then there was a glass box full of items the soldiers had used, including an object labeled as a ‘urinal bottle’, for use when one of the soldiers was bedridden with an injury or severe illness.

Against his will, River was imagining himself as a soldier in one of those uniforms. He was supposed to guard something, but his leg had gotten broken, so he had to stay in bed until he healed. He had to go pee very, very badly, and the urinal bottle was on the other side of the room where he couldn’t reach it. The belts on those uniforms all looked thick and tight, so River imagined the strap straining hard against his full bladder as he tried so hard to hold it in. He could actually feel it, he could feel his bladder being dug into, being cut open, the belt trying to slice him apart and send his urine spraying.

When he managed to rip himself out of that daydream, they had gotten to a different room, and River was feeling sort of bad for those soldiers. They had probably ended up having to do lots of stuff that offered no time for piss breaks, right? And if those belts felt as awful on a full bladder as River THOUGHT they did…

He suddenly wondered if any of those soldiers had ever had an accident. And not like an ‘I almost got shot! I got so scared that I pissed my pants’ sort of accident, either. More of an ‘Ahhhh! I haven’t peed in so long, I can’t wait anymore, it’s coming out!’ kind.

They passed through a few more rooms, but nowhere did River see a sign designated what he needed. He did, unfortunately, see a few more references to historical toilets, but not a single one that he was allowed to use.

The only men’s room was on the first floor.

The only men’s room was out of order.

River’s bladder cramped up hard at the realization that he was inside a building that had LOTS of toilets, but had no place for him to get relief. It made him sort of panic, and he tugged the waistband of his pants away from his full bladder, uncomfortably fidgeting in place, hopping where he stood.

“Starting to become an emergency?” Hugo asked.

“Y—Yes!” River said. “I can make it home, but only if we leave now, okay?”

“No problem, you’ll be alright…” Hugo assured him. They went back towards the staircase but, recalling how much River had struggled with it, he turned down the corridor for the elevators instead. “This should be a little easier for you,” he said, hitting the button.

The doors dinged open and River scrambled inside. His hands went between his legs as they closed. Now that he, Hugo and Duncan were alone, he saw no reason not to hold himself. Except, now he was inside a very small, narrow space, with the door shut. No way out…

But, they were STILL the only people here! No one could appear to harm him in here! It was safe, but he was just… Locked in. He was in a place that he couldn’t easily leave right away. The series of locked doors he’d been imprisoned behind by the Organization rushed back to him, and he really, REALLY wanted out…

Duncan huddled closer to him, and River could tell he was feeling the same way. River’s heart pounded as he felt the elevator descend. Dread flooded into him alongside the awful memories of being locked away. Trapped. Stuck. What if the elevator got jammed, and then he really WAS stuck? Stuck like THIS, filled with urine, nowhere to let it out?

If… If this fucking thing got stuck, that would be it. If it remained stuck for very long— If it passed the half hour mark— Then River was going to say ‘fuck it, any reasonable person would understand, at most we’ll just have to pay for the cleaning supplies’. And then he was going to unzip and make a puddle on the floor. The floor was tiled, so it wouldn’t even be that much work to mop it.

If the elevator got stuck for a long time, that was the only reasonable course of action to take. The only other option would be to wet both the floor AND himself, either way there would be a puddle. At least one choice let him escape with dry clothes.

He needn’t have pondered that, however, because the elevator reached the first floor without a problem, the doors slid right open, and River limped his way out on twisted, crossed legs. He was almost a little disappointed that his whole ‘Desperately piss on the elevator’s floor, because it’s stuck and I can’t wait’ scenario hadn’t come to pass. Now he was gonna have to hold it in all the way home. Upstairs, he’d been confident that he could do that if they left right away.

Now, he was doubting it. His hands were still buried between his legs, even with the privacy granted by the elevator gone. He just couldn’t move them! And he was bent forwards a bit, his legs knotting together. He HOPED he could get home in time, but he was less certain that he would!

Duncan wrapped his hand around River’s arm, seeing that both of his boyfriend’s hands were otherwise occupied now. Hugo came to his side as well, looking at his desperate, tangled body. “Okay… There’s a gift shop in the lobby. What I’m gonna do, is I’m gonna ask someone in there if you can please use the staff’s restroom. I’m sure they’ve got one…”

“Th—That’s fine with me,” River said.

Walking to the gift shop wasn’t easy for River, the steps caused his first really bad leak to spurt out of him, but he managed to cut it off with a few hard squeezes to his dick. Inside the gift shop, it was more crowded than most other parts of the museum. It was for that reason that River didn’t feel too frightened when Hugo went off to speak to an employee, telling him and Duncan to wait by the doorway.

They did, River shuffling between his feet and jiggling up and down. He glanced at the shelves in front of him, trying to find something that would distract him. There were lots of books and postcards, but it was the middle shelf that actually got his attention.

The shelf held ceramic chamber pots, like the one in the exhibit. Obviously, meant as some sort of a gag gift, but there wasn’t any reason River couldn’t use one for its original purpose. The contents of his bladder swished and rushed hard up against his sphincters. He wanted to unzip RIGHT where he was, crouch down and flood the receptacle. But, he shuddered at that idea. There were so many people milling around, they’d see him go so crazy from his need that he assuaged it in the middle of a crowded gift shop. River wasn’t yet so far gone that he wasn’t too embarrassed to do that.

Besides, he knew that… ‘using’ one of the items here without paying for it first would get him into a lot of trouble. They needed to buy the pot first, then go back to the car where River could have some privacy to fill it up in.

River snatched one of the pots off of the shelf with the hand that wasn’t being squished between his legs. He flinched at the feeling of its material against his skin. Even though he’d been born WELL after chamber pots were commonplace, and had thus never used one, his bladder seemed to just KNOW what it was for, and gave a sharp lurch.

Duncan smiled at River, the corners of his lips tugging. River grew hopeful that he was about to REALLY speak, say more than just a single word. Say something like “Oh, yeah! That’s a good idea if they don’t let you use the toilet!” But, he didn’t. He didn’t say a word. Though, he DID manage to make a sound; He snorted, and then gave a quick snickering laugh. He put a hand up to cover his mouth, and was obviously trying his hardest to stifle it— Whether to spare River’s feelings or to prevent a laughter-induced leak of his own, River wasn’t sure.

“Ah— Well… J—Just in case,” River said. “S—So that I’ve got SOMETHING, you know?”

Duncan nodded, still fighting down his giggles.

Hugo returned, shaking his head. “They said ‘staff only’, I’m sorr—“

“That’s fine, look!” River interrupted.

Hugo glanced down at the item in River’s trembling hand, and the agony that still flared in his eyes. “… Oh,” he said. “You want me to buy that for you?”

“Yes, I need it!” River nodded frantically. He wanted it. Nothing else in this whole store could ever be as important as this one thing was! “Can I get it?” River asked. “A—And, just keep in mind, if you say no, I probably WILL pee the car seats.” He didn’t mean it as a threat, just as a warning. River did not want to piss all over Hugo’s car seats, but if he didn’t do it somewhere else before they headed towards home, that would definitely be what happened.

“Of course you can get it,” Hugo said. “Just— Don’t… ‘do anything’ with it until it’s paid for and we’re back at the car, alright?”

River blushed hard. He was desperate, yes. He felt piss flooding into his bone marrow for God’s sake! But, he STILL wasn’t to the point where he could completely forget where he was and gush out his stream in front of an audience of horrified strangers.

They got in line to check out, River shuffling and bobbing in place. He swayed from foot to foot, the hand crammed against his crotch turning white as his grip grew tighter and tighter. His face continued to glow red. He was, indeed, still VERY aware of his surroundings. He knew he was doing one Hell of a piss dance, and that anyone who spotted him would be able to tell he was bursting. He was also… Holding the chamber pot in his other hand still.

He was jumping out of his skin with urgency, gripping a chamber pot, on a day where the only men’s room in the building had a huge out-of-order sign tacked to it. Not only could people tell he was bursting, they could probably ALSO tell what he intended to do to remedy his problem. That, to him, was somehow even more embarrassing than them knowing he had to go at all!

He handed the chamber pot to Duncan instead, and let his other hand fall down to his crotch. Immediately, the extra pressure blocking off his exit made him feel world’s better.

Duncan held onto the pot for him. ‘Guess he needed both hands down there…’ he decided. Duncan wished he hadn’t laughed like that. He hadn’t meant to! He felt really awful for River, poor guy was covered his sweat and shaking from head to toe. He was in so much pain that it made Duncan’s chest hurt.

But then, when he’d seen River holding the pot with those needy, watery eyes, he’d immediately pictured his boyfriend USING it. And, for some reason, the image that popped unbidden into his mind’s eye was just so… cute. So cute that he’d laughed. And now he felt terrible about it.

The line moved slowly, and that was excruciating for River. He thought, maybe, that he’d be able to handle being in line a little better if there was a toilet at the end of it. If he could count the heads in front of him and think ‘I only gotta wait through six more people, and I’ll finally piss,’ then he’d feel at least a LITTLE more relaxed about it. He’d know he’d just have to stand here, squirm, shuffle forwards every time the line moved, and then it would suddenly be his turn, and he’d be allowed to unzip and stand there in bliss.

But, no. There wasn’t a toilet at the end of the line. The only toilet available to River right now was in Duncan’s hands, and he wasn’t allowed to use it yet. Instead of making the most minimal movements he could manage, he’d have to struggle his way to the front of the line, wait while the pot was rung up, leave the gift shop, go back through the parking lot, reach their car, get into the car, unzip, position the pot…

As he mentally counted off all of the things he was going to have to endure before he was allowed even a second of relief, his middle started to feel heavier than ever. His bladder was weighing him down. He felt like the gravity had increased, just trying to stand up all of the way was causing him pain.

Duncan kept glancing over at River’s distress. The more panicked River appeared, the worse Duncan felt about laughing. He nudged closer to River, using the hand not holding the pot to grip his boyfriend’s arm. He rubbed his thumb along his skin in a way he hoped felt soothing.

Ten minutes of agonized waiting later, they’d gotten to the front of the line. Duncan placed the chamber pot on the counter, trying to ignore the way River doubled over on himself when he heard it clink. Hugo started to take out his wallet.

River, meanwhile, did his best to gain back a little composure. He let go of his dick, prompting a new dribble of pee into his boxers. He unwound his legs, which made the dribble increase to a spurt. He made himself stop bouncing, and then he was leaking in earnest.

The cashier, of course, could see what they were buying. She could see it was the ONLY thing they were buying. And, as an employee, she would know that the men’s room was closed. If River allowed himself to look even the TINIEST bit like he needed a piss, she would instantly KNOW what he was about to do.

What he was about to… Ohhhh, but he wanted to be doing it NOW, he had to do it so bad! His ears were actually ringing from the all the silent screaming his bladder was doing! He was bouncing on his heels again, managing to slow his leakage a little, but he was just so embarrassed and he needed to GO, and he had to do something to keep it in, and—

River leaned himself against Duncan, hugging onto him, pressing their bodies together. Most importantly, he was digging his crotch into Duncan’s side, wriggling urgently against him. It was helping, it was helping… Duncan made a fine dam between River’s ocean and his pants. Duncan worked as well as River’s hands did…

Duncan’s eyes widened at the unexpected contact, and when River started to thrust subtly against his side like that, a fire ignited in Duncan’s belly. Duncan rubbed River’s back, making it seem a little more like they were just sharing a hug. He knew what River was doing, he knew River was trying to take the edge off his need, but… Did River REALLY know what he was doing? Did he have ANY idea what he was doing to Duncan?

Because… God damn… Duncan’s arousal had just gone from zero to three hundred in the blink of an eye. Oh, what he wouldn’t give for River to rub against him like this in earnest, when they were in bed at home, with no fabric barriers separating them from each other. What he wouldn’t give for this needy, desperate grinding to be needy and desperate in a completely different way. He wanted to kiss River now, but he settled for continuing to hug him, nuzzling.

“Oh, your friends make a really cute couple,” River heard the cashier say. THAT was sort of embarrassing too, but at least it didn’t sound like she could tell he was trying not to wet his pants.

“Y—Yeah…” He heard Hugo say. “Ah— We don’t need a bag for it, it’s just one thing.”

After another moment, Hugo was telling River and Duncan that they could leave now. River released a relieved breath and parted from Duncan to follow after him, palming his crotch and trying not to trip as his knees continually rubbed together.

Now that River wasn’t glued to him anymore, Duncan had a bit of a problem too. He wasn’t sure when it had happened exactly, but his cock had gotten VERY stiff. He put his hands in front of himself as he walked to shield it— Which made it look like he TOO was fighting off an accident.

River noticed Duncan holding himself and whispered, “You can use it too if you gotta, don’t worry.”

When Duncan found himself unable to speak that time, it had far more to do with feeling embarrassed than it did with feeling scared. Duncan knew that he couldn’t have HELPED getting hard, even though he was in public. What the Hell else was his dick supposed to do when he had an incredibly hot man grinding on him?! Besides, it had been so long since Duncan had last really gotten to… ‘release some tension’. At this point, he’d probably get erect if the wind blew too strongly.

They went towards the parking lot, River fighting against his body, letting out pained mewling noises, and squeezing himself so hard his hands were getting numb. He began to breathe very heavily when they got to the garage, huffing harshly, whimpering. “Ah— Ooooh….”

Duncan’s erection refused to fade. Simply hearing River make noise— ANY noise, any reminder that he was THERE— was driving Duncan nuts. ‘He’s making those noises because he’s about to have an accident,’ Duncan reminded himself. ‘He needs help.’ Duncan stayed close to River, even closer than they usually did when they went out. Being so close made Duncan’s skin burn with electric tingles though. Dear fuck… He wanted River so bad… He didn’t feel like he could get close enough to him.

Duncan was going to have to jerk off when they got home. Not just edge— The occasional touches he did to get his cock too hard to piss were the ONLY things he’d done to himself in so long, and it wasn’t cutting it anymore. He had to get off, he had to cum. He hadn’t been able to do it in the bathroom at the cabin yet. He didn’t like ejaculating in the shower any more than he liked pissing in it, and when he tried doing it on the toilet, eventually the silence would creep him out too much. Maybe River wouldn’t care if he did it in their room where he could see.

Maybe River would even say “No, you don’t have to do it all yourself,” and Duncan wouldn’t have to rely on just his own hand anymore.

The further they got into the garage, the fewer people there were, and that started to become scary to both River and Duncan. Duncan’s lustful thoughts at last started to fade as the eerie surroundings overpowered them. They’d been in the museum for a long time, longer than Duncan had thought. It had gotten much darker. And the corners all looked pitch black, and their footsteps all sounded too loud. Someone could be hiding, hearing them walking around, hearing River’s urgent winces of desperation, Hugo’s breathing, Duncan’s… “Nnnnhh!” Without deciding to, Duncan had begun to whimper.

His inconvenient boner had gone away at last, the heat scorching through him had evaporated, replaced by the chills of fear that ran through his body.

“Duncan…?” Hugo asked. “You need to go too?”

River paused to stomp his feet against the ground a few times. Duncan cringed at the loud noise. He knew River couldn’t help it, knew River’s bladder was taking control of the rest of his body. But it had still been too noisy, someone would hear.

“I th—think he does,” River told Duncan. “A—At least a little bi—“

“T—Too dark!” Duncan interrupted. “I d—don’t like… I don’t want to…” He wished he could teleport them all to the car, where he would feel safe again. He probably wished they could be there already just as badly as River did. “Too dark…”

“Oh,” Hugo said. It WAS pretty dark in here. There were lights, but they didn’t illuminate the space fully. And it was quiet, and empty save for the three of them. He hadn’t even thought about how it would make Duncan and River feel to go back through here late in the evening. He should have… He should have taken care of them, should have suggested they go somewhere different, somewhere that they wouldn’t have to walk through a creepy place. He’d messed. Up again! “W—Well, I’m right here…” He tried to say, tried to give some form of reassurance. If someone really was lurking in the shadows somewhere, would he even be able to fend them off? He didn’t have a weapon, and he was a middle-aged Cancer survivor. From what he’d heard about the Organization, some of the people working for them were like body-builders. “I won’t let anybody hurt either one of you.”

Duncan shuddered, tried to feel better. “H—How much furth—“

A hissing sound filled the air, interrupting Duncan and sending him to a blind panic as he spun around, looking in all directions. “A—Ah—!” He tried to scream, but his voice died, his throat twisted, and dampness bloomed over his crotch. He didn’t realize the last thing until he heard—

“H—How much further!?” River exclaimed. “I’m pissing!”

Duncan’s heart rate started to slow down. The hissing had been River having another leak. That was all. Duncan finally felt the trickle running down his leg and pinned a hand to his crotch with a moan of despair. He hadn’t even felt like he had to pee before! But now, not only had he gone a tiny bit in his pants, he suddenly felt like he was going to make a huge puddle if he didn’t go soon! “Ah— M—Me too!” He cried out, voice full of dismay.

This was terrible!

If he ever sneezed, he would pee.

If he ever laughed too much, he would pee.

If he ever got too scared for a second, he would pee.

NONE of that used to happen! He used to sneeze and just MOVE ON. He used to be able to laugh as hard and as long as he wanted! He used to feel scared for a second, and then NOT have to clean anything up! His bladder used to just… WORK. He only ever had to worry about dribbles and accidents if he’d been holding it in for a long time and was reaching the limit! This wasn’t fair!

“O—Okay,” Hugo said, now faced with BOTH his friends on the verge of an accident, he looked at the sign on the wall that denoted which floor they’d reached. Thank God, this was finally the one they’d parked on. The car would be close by. “We are nearly there, hang on just a few more—“

Hsss!

River’s knees buckled and he lowered into a crouch against his will, palms digging furiously into his crotch. “I’m gonna—“

Hugo held up the pot he still held. “W—Wanna do it right h— Ugh… If a car drives through before you’re done, you’ll get hurt… How about, in the corner?”

River shook his head, while Duncan whimpered about the corners all being too scary to go anywhere near. River started to sniffle, tearing up. It was not the immense physical pain of his bloated bladder which made him want to cry this time, it was how utterly weak and pathetic he must have been to have gotten into this situation.

The old River would have probably DEMANDED to take the pot into a corner and flood the Hell out of it the second they reached the garage. The old River wouldn’t have been too terrified to do it.

“It’s okay, it’s okay…” Hugo said, helping River back up. He ignored the audible gush of pee that flowed forth as River struggled to move. “You’ll be alright, we’re close, I promise.”

Duncan went to River’s side and gripped onto his arm with his free hand. The other was too busy trying to act as an iron gate between his bladder and the fabric it wanted so badly to be let loose into.

It only took three more minutes to get to the car and River’s bladder ejected three more agonizingly brief spurts into his already sodden boxers at the sight. When the doors opened, the lights inside flicked on and both he and Duncan felt much safer right away. Hugo passed the chamber pot into the backseat for them, his heart twisting a little since he could already hear them unzipping before they actually HAD the receptacle in front of them. It hurt him to know they were in so much pain.

Duncan placed the pot down onto the seat in between himself and River. They got onto their knees and aimed for it. Piss exploded out of River’s tip first, echoing hard as it made contact with the ceramic material. Duncan’s release flowed forth a second later. For about half a minute, the only sounds in the entire parking garage were the violent hisses of two badly needed streams, and the gasps and groans of relief River and Duncan couldn’t stop letting out.

Truthfully, Hugo was a tad worried. Since BOTH of them had been having emergencies like that, it stood to reason that each of them had a LOT of liquid to get rid of now. No doubt the chamber pot could hold the contents of ONE blazingly full bladder, but could it handle TWO?

He relaxed some when, to his surprise, he heard Duncan finish up first. “Ahhh… That’s better…” he breathed out, followed by the zip of his pants.

“Mmmmmm….” River hummed, sounding a bit delirious as the gushing spray of his pee just seemed to get louder.

“… You all done, Duncan?” Hugo was a little stunned by that. He knew River was the one with the smaller bladder. Duncan had said so himself several times.

“Mm-hm,” Duncan said with a small sigh. He turned. Now that he was unburdened from his own emergency, he could… Well, he could sneak a peek at River. He knew River wouldn’t mind, after all. River had let him look lots of times before. Duncan wanted to see how the real thing matched up with what he’d seen in his imagination earlier.

It wasn’t QUITE like he’d been picturing— For whatever reason, he had been picturing River SITTING on the pot to answer nature’s call, pants around his ankles, knees pulled up with a bleary, flushed look on his face. Of course, River couldn’t have sat on it, otherwise Duncan would have had no way to use it and would have soaked his pants. River’s expression was exactly what Duncan had imagined it would be— Mainly because Duncan had seen River go a few times now and knew what his ‘Ahhhh, I barely made it!’ face looked like. Duncan didn’t know WHY, but he just found that expression really, really adorable. It was so nice to see River look calm and at peace…

Duncan’s eyes flicked from River’s face to his cock. Again, Duncan longed to see what it looked like WITHOUT urine spraying from it, but the sight was a welcome one nevertheless. It was dangling above the pot, which was… Getting dangerously full.

Uh oh…

“River,” Duncan blurted out. “It’s almost—“

Too late, small rivulets of liquid started to flow up and over the sides, trailing slowly down them. River’s eyes popped open. “Wha— Oh!” He tried to clamp it off, but he was just SO close to being done and his muscles were fried to bits. The last few jets flew from his nozzle, pooling into the overflowing container.

And then River was finished. Wordless and shame-faced, he tucked his member back into his pants and zipped them.

“I— I guess it wasn’t quite big enough for two…” Duncan said.

“Is there a mess?”

“Not a big one!” River assured. “I went just a little too much!”

“Open a door and pour it out, I guess,” Hugo said. “And be careful nothing else spills.”

Duncan did as instructed, popping open his door and gently nudging the chamber pot towards himself. The liquid kept wobbling inside of it, more rolling down the sides. Duncan was so scared that he’d accidentally dump it all over himself trying to empty it. When he turned it upside down to empty it onto the concrete beside the car, the splash all of the fluid created was ear-splitting. He realized he should have poured it slowly instead of emptying it all at once when a little sloshed back onto his shoes.

He sat back down in the car and put the pot back between him and River. He stared straight ahead, not daring to look at the wet spot he was sure was on the seat now.

River had, though. “I—It’s not that bad,” he said. “If we use, like, a spray-cleaner on it, it should come right up…”

Duncan nodded. He was so ashamed and embarrassed that even a TINY mess had been made.

“Ready to go now?” Hugo asked.

“Yeah,” River said.

As they drove off, River hoped Duncan wasn’t too upset about the spill. So long as they didn’t both use the thing at the same time ever again, they wouldn’t need to worry about it. What River really hoped for was that Duncan would remain comfortable with USING the chamber pot. He had an idea of something else they could do with it after they got it washed out.

River really hoped his idea would work. Duncan just didn’t like peeing into things that weren’t toilets, the only alternatives he seemed to think were ‘acceptable’ were bushes and trees. He’d been a little put-off by using the bottle during the days he didn’t want to get out of bed, and he’d HATED having to go in the paint buckets when they’d been locked in the attic.

The chamber pot, though… It just… WAS a toilet. An old-timey sort of toilet that nobody really used anymore, but still a toilet. The only purpose it had was to be peed into. So, there was no reason Duncan should feel upset, nervous, or like he was going to be punished if he ever used it for relief.

So, that night at home, after the pot had been cleaned and he and Duncan had gotten into their pajamas, River slid the chamber pot underneath their bed, just like the museum said used to be done in the old days. He made sure that Duncan SAW him doing it, but called no attention to it.

Then, they went to sleep.

A few nights later, River was woken to a loud, tinny noise echoing through the room. At first, he started to panic, heart beating wildly around in his chest. He was more scared when he realized Duncan wasn’t holding him anymore, and that he was on his own in the bed. The strange sound was getting louder, too, a high-pitched rattle.

He looked over the edge of the bed and relaxed, feeling silly that he’d gotten so spooked. Duncan was sitting on the chamber pot, pajama pants pulled down, looking very content as he urinated into it with a fair bit of force.

River turned away to give him privacy while he finished. He was glad that he’d gotten to see Duncan pissing for a moment. He was glad, because it meant Duncan finally had somewhere to relieve his bladder during the night if River was asleep— Somewhere that he actually felt comfortable going.

Duncan’s faucet ran for almost a minute, then there were a few dwindling drips before it stopped altogether.

River heard some clothing rustle, followed by a scraping sound as the pot was nudged back below the bed. He felt the bed shift, then Duncan’s warm arms encircle him. “Thank you for putting it under there, River…” Duncan whispered, kissing his cheek.
