Diaries of Ella: Chapter Three

Author: sammilove

*000*2018-10-16 06:30

It was a dreary Tuesday, it was around the late fall afternoon. Ella had been at work for almost 11 hours when she finally was able to go home. Her job as a front desk attendant for a local car dealership was a very long and uneventful job. But it paid the bills. She had plans that evening with a long time friend, Alyx. They were going to get dinner and drinks at the local Italian restaurant. Ella was wearing a pair of nice khaki pants and a very dressy shirt along with high heels. Her job required her to be very professional which meant very little time away from the front desk or the phones. Which also meant very little time for bathroom breaks during the day so she had to watch what she drank. Well today, she didn't really pay that any mind.

She left work around 7pm and had to meet Alyx at 730. It was a 20 minute drive so she didn't have the time to stop anywhere. She hadn't noticed any urges or any out of the ordinary feelings until she got about half way to her car. She realized that she had to pee. And pretty bad too. But she decided to press on until she got to dinner. She got to her car and began to leave work when she got a cold chill. Not the kind from sickness but the kind telling her that she HAD to pee and it was an emergency.

"This isn't good. This isn't good at all" she thought to herself. She sat with her legs pressed together and was constantly jiggling the left leg. "I'm a big girl. this is nothing...if I can handle a pregnancy and not wet myself once then this outta be cake." she whispered. She was about 5 minutes away when Alyx called her and told her that she'd have to reschedule and that she had an emergency come up. Ella was a little disappointed but was secretly happy given her predicament. She turned around and headed for home. Her apartment was about 10 minutes away and she was fairly certain she'd make it home without incident. Ella arrived to her apartment complex to see an ambulance sitting in her apartment.

"...okay...guess I'll just have to park further away no biggie...." she thought as her bladder screamed for relief.

She finally found a parking spot! But the downside was it was almost twice as far away as usual. She quickly got out of her car and locked the door behind her all while trying to do the most nonchalant pee dance. She didn't want anyone to know her situation and was super embarrassed that someone might see her. She walked as quickly as her heels and screaming bladder would let her without leaking any. She lived on second floor and usually took the stairs. She was starting to feel the immense pressure more and more with every step. The steps would be the hardest part of her challenge. But she took each step one at time. At this point, she was bent over at the waist. She had undone her belt and had a hand on her thigh. it was there to try and stop any pee that might try to escape. She was shaking from the desperation and she was begging herself to be strong enough to make it up just a few more stairs so she could relive herself.

She made to her door after what seemed like an eternal walk from her car. She fumbled with her keys for a few seconds before opening the door. Her bathroom was at the backside of her apartment. She doubted she could contain herself that long. She made a split second decision. She ran into the kitchen, pulled her pants down as far as she could, and hopped up into the sink and unleashed the most relieving pee of her entire life. She sighed very loudly. She was so proud of herself for making home. She didn't make it to the toilet, but at least she didn't ruin her pants. And as far as he knew, no witnesses, not even her husband.

I really enjoy writing these from time to time. I hope everyone else will at least somewhat enjoy it. If you ave any suggestions for more for future stories, I'd always love to hear them so either PM me or leave them below!

Thanks!! -Sammi

