Maiya's Desperation in Diplomacy

Author: Sunfyre

*000*2025-02-09 14:25

Hi everyone! Sorry for the long Hiatus, I've been busy with school. Since I got a lot of positive feedback on my last story, Kana's Desperate Flight

, I decided to try my hand at another short story set in my world. Before we start the story, I would like to mention that Hazhenthonese is the demonym (adjective) for the people of the Arctic order. Hopefully this clears up some confusion. Anyways, let me know if you have any ideas you'd like to see be made into stories, and I hope you enjoy!

Maiya Serunoba woke up with a dull ache in her head. Her long violet hair was tangled and messy; her clothes and bedding strewn haphazardly around the room.The faint sunlight of the Northern winter streamed through the translucent curtains of the room, illuminating the ornate interior of the official stateroom she was staying in. Suddenly, a voice came from the hallway outside, panicked and urgent.

“Maiya! The official conference is going to start, are you ready?! We have got to go!” Shit!

She threw off her covers and stumbled through the bathroom door and into the shower, stripping her remaining clothes and tossing them on the floor. She twisted the knob on the showerhead, not caring that the water which came out was absolutely frigid. After taking the fastest shower across the nine realms, Maiya hastened to get dressed in her official attire: black tights, a pair of high-heeled boots, a light blue winter coat, and an elegant purple robe donning the cross of Jezerin; a symbol of Hazhenthonese national pride. She bundled her still-wet hair into a half-up, half down style, sliding an elegant blue crystal hairpin through the bun. Maiya grabbed her purse from off the floor and with that was out the door. Saimin Karstev, another apprentice, stood outside, impatiently tapping his foot against the floor.

“What you took so long?! Fyurezai is going to kill us if we’re late!”

“Shut up, I don’t want to hear it!”

The two novice diplomats raced through the grand halls of the executive palace, boots clacking against the polished stone floor. As she ran, the memories of last night slowly began to come back to her.

…

After graduating from the Arctic Order’s top university with honors, Maiya had been training to become a diplomat for the past two years under the apprenticeship of the minister of foreign affairs, Zvaora Fyurezai. A unique opportunity had presented itself a couple months ago, when the previously neutral United Kingdoms of Zolon had offered to trade valuable Iron ore to the Order. This summit to finalize the terms of the trade agreement would be critical in cementing the Zolonians’ position within the Hazhenthonese sphere of influence.

The ministry of foreign affairs had worked tirelessly to draft an agreement that would appease both the Monarch of the United Kingdoms and their own High Arbiter. For Maiya, it was a golden opportunity for the two aspiring diplomats to prove themselves in a high-stakes setting.

Fyurezai had arranged for a select group of her best diplomatic aides, including Maiya, to travel to the capital city of Kamu’oren and stay in the capital for the three weeks leading up to the meeting to personally draft the agreement with her. It was here where she met Saimin, a fellow diplomatic apprentice from the faraway city of Aojinvoya. She found his witty and carefree nature enticing, and they soon became friends.

On the night before the summit, the High Arbiter himself hosted a grand banquet to celebrate the efforts of the diplomatic team and a new phase of Hazhenthonese-Zolon relations. Perhaps in hindsight it was more proper to host the banquet after the negotiations – after all, no one knew if the negotiations were going to be successful or not. Maiya had wanted to go to bed immediately after the dinner service had ended, but Saimin had insisted that Maiya stay for drinks. A few drinks won’t hurt! He had said. Maiya had never had much of an affinity for alcohol, but she seemed to loosen up at the behest of Saimin’s playful invitations. But one too many shots of vodka later, Maiya found herself barely able to stand up straight; her mind was dizzy and incoherent. The last thing she remembered before everything faded away was Saimin and another diplomat gently guiding her back to her stateroom.

…

Maiya and Saimin arrived at the grand hall without a moment to spare. Breathless, Maiya took her seat beside Fyurezai. Beautiful crystal chandeliers hung elegantly from the high vaulted ceiling, sparkling in the sunlight which shone through the stained glass windows on one end of the hall. Two long tables, one for each delegation, spanned the length of the room. Banners proudly displaying the blue and violet Hazhenthonese and the silver Zolonian flags hung from their respective sides. High Arbiter Zhinano himself was present, his figure tall and imposing; obsidian blade by his side. A ray of light shone directly at the center large sundial carved into the floor between the two tables.

As Maiya sat down, a sudden pang in her abdomen made itself known. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Since when was my bladder so full? In her rush to get ready in the morning, she had completely forgotten to use the bathroom. But it was too late now; the summit was about to begin and her presence throughout the entire event was required.

“Midday has arrived; we shall commence this summit if all are present” Zhinano announced, quickly glancing around the hall to ensure everyone was seated.

“Your highness,” the lead Zolonian diplomat began. “My pleasure to introduce myself. I am Syr Avrin, foreign ambassador of the United Kingdoms. We present ourselves today to offer 80 thousand talons of our finest iron ore to your nation. All we ask for in return is an upfront payment of 200 million Janzao and 15 million Janzao paid in installments over the next 5 years. As we’re sure you’re aware, these are far below market prices.”

Zhinano paused for a moment, seeming to consider this offer. In reality, Fyurezai had already predicted in advance that an offer in this range was likely.

“We would be delighted to procure this quantity of ore. However, I believe we have an offer which could benefit both of our nations even more. Fyurezai, please proceed.” Zhinano motioned to Fyurezai, who began her pitch in a calm, austere voice.

“We are aware of the shortage of freshwater present in your Kingdoms. The drought in your lands threatens your harvest. Perhaps, we can offer something we have in plenty that you lack. We propose that instead of the 15 million Janzao per year, we export 1 talon of crystal ice for every 2 talons of iron. Crystal ice originates from the purest natural aquifers deep in the caves of the glaciers, and it will be transported in insulated land ships to your reservoirs, where they can be melted down into freshwater. At 80 thousand talons of iron, this would be 8 thousand talons of crystal ice per year paid in yearly installments. In addition, we’d like to offer a supplement of 5 thousand talons of Skandian timber.”

The Zolonian ambassador seemed slightly taken aback that the Hazhenthonese knew about the drought plaguing their country, which they had tried to hide from the outside. In this world of political games and shifting alliances, one could not show weakness. The momentary surprise was quickly buried beneath the veneer of a smile. While this counter-offer sought to take advantage of the United Kingdoms’ crisis, these terms were in fact quite generous. The United Kingdoms would still receive a substantial upfront payment, and were offered a convenient solution to their internal crisis. Meanwhile, the Hazhenthonese could exchange worthless ice for something of use. It was a clever proposal masterminded by the ever astute Fyurezai.

The two sides continued their deliberation; with the cards on the table, further negotiations consisted of each side jockeying for incremental concessions from the other. As a mere apprentice, Maiya’s role during this part of the summit was simply to take notes on her tablet as an official record. The Arctic Order still used antiquated permafrost tablets for ceremonial and governmental use, though the common person now used parchment much like the rest of the world. She gracefully etched Hazhenthonese characters with a glass pen, hands moving with years of scribing practice.

As the meeting progressed, servants delivered drinks to the participants in intricately carved glass chalices. The constant talking would no doubt cause the diplomats to become thirsty. Ironically the water served was from melted crystal ice, the very good they were offering to trade. Maiya didn’t want to accelerate her increasing need for the bathroom, but it would be considered rude to refuse gifts provided by the High Arbiter. She reluctantly brought the glass to her lips and slowly drained its contents.

…

Maiya had initially tried to distract herself with the contents of the deliberations, but it was impossibly difficult to ignore her now full bladder. It felt nearly as full as the moon on a clear night’s sky. She crossed her legs beneath the table and bit her lip. This summit was progressing agonizingly slowly. She snuck another glance at the sundial on the floor. It’s already been two hours, and this agreement has still not been signed! She thought to herself. The voices in the room had now become slightly irate, with neither side being able to agree on the exact ratio of ice to iron.

The Zolonians had insisted that they would not go above a 1-to-1 ratio, since the price of Iron was much higher. The Arctic side continued to insist that a 5-to-6 ratio was generous, considering this was their only potential source of imported freshwater. They were really trying to squeeze every last drop out of the United Kingdoms, just like how Maiya’s bladder was trying to squeeze every drop of urine through her sphincter. Don’t think about that. It’ll be over soon. Their ambassador has to give in soon, he surely has no other choice. She thought to herself.

The dozens of voices talking simultaneously faded to the background as Maiya’s mind dug through her memory. If she hadn’t used the bathroom this morning, or during the drinks or dinner, then the last time she visited the toilet was nearly 18 hours ago. Her bladder protested angrily against the half dozen shots of vodka which were still in her system.

“Miss Serunoba, could you please give us the quantity of available obsidian reserves?” Fyurezai's voice startled Maiya. The sudden interruption caused her to leak just a bit. She scrambled to find the statistic in her notes.

“Uh…8 thousand talons of obsidian shards are available for trade.”

“As you can see, we simply do not possess the 10 thousand talons of obsidian you are requesting. We would be more than willing to offer you 8 thousand, however.”

…

Maiya subtly bounced up and down, thighs tightly clenched and hands clasped between her legs. The seat of her tights had become slightly damp from all the leaks. Beads of perspiration dotted her forehead despite the chilly temperature in the hall. She was fully focused on not voiding the contents of her bladder in front of the most important people in the nation, but she could feel her control slipping. Every drop that leaked out was like a small piece of an unstable glacier that crumbled off, before the whole ice sheet collapsed into the ocean.

“We would like to take a moment to deliberate amongst ourselves.” Avrin announced.

Zhinano nodded in response. “Very well. This meeting is adjourned; we will take a recess until your delegation has reached a decision.”

Maiya nearly missed this announcement in her utter focus, but the words sounded like a blessing from Jinsor. She was finally released from this prison. Maiya winced as she stood up gingerly, the reservoir of urine sloshing around her bladder. She grabbed the frost tablets and pen and stuffed them into her purse, before making a careful beeline to the exit doors. For some godforsaken reason, there were no bathrooms in the grand hall; the private bathroom in her stateroom was the closest one.

“Impressive performance today, Miss Serunoba. I did not mean to put you on the spot, but I could not recall that statistic for the life of me.” No no no, not now! Maiya turned around to see Fyurezai approaching her. She quickly clasped her hands in front of her robe as a customary sign of respect, but without the presence of her hands, the golden liquid threatened to unleash itself.

“I see you’ve produced some quality archive material” she continued, glancing toward the frost tablets stuffed haphazardly in her bag.

“Th-thank you, Miss Fyurezai. I am just doing what is ex…expected of me.” her legs bent slightly inward as another surge of desperation hit her.

“You look unwell, young lady. Are you feeling alright?” Maiya’s face flushed with embarrassment. She was fortunate that the dark color of her tights masked the wet spot that would otherwise surely be visible.

“J-just a bit tired. I-I could use some rest” she stammered out, hoping this would end the conversation. Normally, Maiya would’ve cherished the praise of her mentor, but there was no time for that now.

“Very well. The summit will be completed shortly; there only remain some formalities to be concluded. You may retire to your chambers early if you wish.” With that, the aging woman turned and gilded gracefully back towards the grand hall.

As soon as Fyurezai was out of sight, Maiya’s hands desperately clenched her crotch, swiftly crossing and uncrossing her legs. She let out a soft moan as she struggled to start walking painfully back towards her stateroom. It was just a few hallways away, but that distance seemed as vast as the plains of Karaga. Just a little bit further, please hold on, she silently pleaded with herself as she retraced the path to her room–and the toilet.

She finally reached the last hallway; at the end was the door to her stateroom. But like the Zolonian diplomats arguing their terms back in the grand hall, she couldn’t hold out for much longer. A hard spurt that spilled a few droplets of golden liquid onto the floor signified the beginning of the end. Maiya plugged the flow with great difficulty, finally making it to the door. She fumbled around her purse desperately for the room key. Sh-shit, where is it?! Another spurt wet the fist of her hand, dribbling down her thigh. One of the frost tablets fell to the floor, shattering into a million pieces. Finally, there it was, hidden at the bottom of her bag. Trembling, Maiya let out shaky, uneven breaths as she slid the key into the lock and twisted it.

There it was, the porcelain throne was just ahead. She threw her purse onto the floor and hobbled towards the open bathroom door. But the sight of the toilet was just too much to bear. Hot pee exploded from her sphincter, cascading through her clenched fingers and drenching her tights in an instant. It flooded her boots and began pooling in a puddle on the floor around her, steam rising from the warm liquid. Maiya stood there helplessly, tantalizingly close to relief, as she utterly disgraced herself within the confines of her room.

“Maiya, the summit was a success! We–” Saimin froze and his voice tapered off as he witnessed the young woman wetting herself on the bedroom floor. A seemingly endless jet splattered against the stone floor. Maiya collapsed to the ground, kneeling in a puddle of her own urine.

Her breath hitched as the last of her bladder emptied with a faint hiss, her entire body trembling. The horror of it all finally settled in, and hot tears welled up in her eyes. She clenched her fists, the soaked fabric of her tights clinging uncomfortably to her skin.

“I—” Her mouth opened, but no words came out. She squeezed her eyes shut as the first sob wracked her body. Saimin finally moved, stepping forward cautiously.

“Maiya…” His voice was soft, careful.

“Don’t,” she choked out, shaking her head as tears slipped down her cheeks. “Just—just go. Y-you can’t see me like this.” Saimin knelt down beside her, the warmth of her shameful accident still steaming against the cold stone floor. His chest ached at the sight of her like this.

“Maiya, I’m so sorry,” he murmured, his voice thick with remorse. “This… this wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t encouraged you to drink so much last night. I was too caught up in the celebration, trying to have my stupid fun. I didn’t think…”

She sniffled, peeking up at him through watery eyes. “You didn’t force me,” she mumbled, but her voice wavered.

“I didn’t have to,” he admitted, guilt settling in his gut. “Fuck, I should’ve been looking out for you. Instead, I…” His gaze flickered to the puddle surrounding them, and he exhaled slowly. “I never wanted this to happen, Maiya. And I never wanted you to feel like you had to endure it alone.”

Maiya wiped her face, her lip quivering. “What am I going to do,” she whispered. “I feel so—”

Saimin, without hesitation, pulled her into a firm embrace. “You don’t have to do anything right now,” he said. “Just breathe.”

Her body stiffened for a moment before melting into him, her tears dampening his robes as he held her close. Despite the humiliation, despite the shame, she let herself lean into the warmth of his arms. For now, that was enough.

I didn't make a drawing of Maiya, this art I did of another character from the same nation should give a good impression of what she'd look like:

&&

