A Day I’ll Never Forget – The Desperation ( Raman College )

Author: Sahana

*000*2025-04-17 10:01

A Day I’ll Never Forget – The Desperation It was just 8:30 in the morning when college started. The pressure was already building in my bladder, but I thought I could hold on till break time. The first hour of class dragged on, and the strict lecturer was no help. She wouldn’t even let us step out for a quick drink of water, forget using the restroom.

I raised my hand once.

“Ma’am, may I go to the restroom?”

She shot me a stern look.

“Class just started. You can hold it.”

I bit my lip and nodded. I didn’t argue. The pressure in my abdomen was growing by the minute, but I told myself: Just one more hour.

I tried to focus on the lecture, but all I could feel was the growing pressure. I crossed my legs, shifting uncomfortably. My thighs were clenched tight, but it was getting harder to hold on. I glanced at my friends.

Suresh, sitting in the back, was looking at me, an amused grin spreading across his face.

“Look at her, bro,” he whispered to Raghav, who was beside him. “She’s going to leak any minute now. I bet she can’t hold it much longer.”

Raghav chuckled under his breath. “She’s definitely holding it in. She looks hot when she’s struggling like that. Watch her… she’s doing everything to stop it.”

The words stung, but I didn’t let it show. My mind was a mess. I could feel a few small drops trickle out, dampening my panties, but I quickly crossed my legs harder, hoping no one could notice. Still, the wetness was there. It felt like it would spread with every passing second.

As the bell finally rang, I hurried to leave. I could barely hold myself together. But then I heard them again.

Suresh was talking in a low voice, but it wasn’t low enough for me to miss.

“Bro, her salwar looks a little wet. See those patches? She’s definitely leaking.”

Raghav raised an eyebrow. “Man, she’s got some serious control. But I’m not sure how much longer she’ll last.”

I wanted to look away, but I knew they had seen. The dark patches on my salwar were obvious now — a small, growing circle where the pressure had begun to escape. I hurried out of the classroom, my heart pounding. I had to leave. I had to get to the bus. Two hours to go, and I prayed I’d make it home without any more embarrassing moments.

The Bus Ride: The Desperation Peaks

The bus ride was a blur of discomfort. I squeezed my thighs together, trying to keep control, but it was no use. Every bump on the road made things worse. The wetness had spread more, and now I could feel the damp fabric sticking to my legs. I knew the boys were watching me again.

Suresh and Raghav were still nearby, clearly noticing my struggle.

“See that wet patch on her salwar?” Suresh whispered. “She’s really desperate now. She’s practically soaked. Wonder how much longer she can hold it.”

Raghav’s eyes were fixed on me. “She looks so hot right now — holding it in like that. But it’s clear, man… she’s gonna burst. No way she can hold on much longer.”

I couldn’t stop them from talking about me. I was beyond caring at this point. Every second felt like torture. I was shifting in my seat, trying not to let anyone notice the darker, larger patch on my salwar. But it was hard to ignore. It was like the whole bus could see it, even though no one was directly looking.

Priya, sitting next to me, leaned over and whispered softly,

“You can do it, don’t let them see you break. You’re stronger than this.”

I nodded, swallowing hard. But the truth was, I didn’t know how much longer I could last.

The Final Moment

The bus was nearly at Nagarabhavi, but I knew I wouldn’t make it. I could feel the warmth growing in my lap. My hand was pressed between my legs, trying in vain to hold back the inevitable. And then, as the bus slowed down to stop, I felt the floodgates open.

The warmth spread, and the wetness soaked through my salwar, leaving no doubt. I could feel the fabric sticking to my skin, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. The final drop spilled, and I just froze. My body had given up, and I was helpless.

Suresh and Raghav were watching me intently, even though I couldn’t bring myself to look at them.

“Damn, she’s really gone for it,” Suresh muttered. “She actually lost control.”

Raghav shrugged, a slight grin on his face. “She did well. Can’t say I didn’t enjoy watching the struggle.”

