Maya's Revenge

Author: specialflakes

*000*2016-06-14 22:52

“Man, you have no idea how relieved I am right now,” Tatiana said to Kyle as they walked through the crowded hallway during lunch. “I was having such an awful day, and then you come along and confess your love for me! It was, like, magical.”

“Yeah,” Kyle said, smiling. He was glad he’d taken drama classes before. If there was ever a time those acting lessons came in handy, it was now. “I mean, I could tell you were upset. You got pretty angry at your friend during Home Ec.”

Tatiana scoffed. “Well, can you blame me? She is such a ditz. She put in three teaspoons of vanilla instead of one! Three! Can you believe that? I mean, I guess it doesn’t really make that much of a difference, but, like, read the fucking instructions! They’re there for a reason.” She sighed and perfectly re-composed herself. “Anyway. So you’re totally over Maya, right?”

Kyle nodded. “Yeah. She’s just … boring, you know? Not my kind of girl. You, on the other hand, well, what can I say? You’re a total hottie.”

Tatiana chuckled. “I get that a lot.”

“And, um, honestly, I thought that prank you pulled on Maya was pretty funny. I just pretended to be mad at you ‘cause, like, Maya was there, and I didn’t want to seem like a bad friend or anything, you know?” He felt so unclean saying all these things. He knew he didn’t mean any of it, but it was still jarring and uncomfortable.

“Well, I’m just glad that’s over,” Tatiana said. “You’re too good for Maya. But then again, who isn’t? She’s so pathetic. I bet she’s never even had her first kiss.”

Kyle laughed, even though on the inside he wanted to kill Tatiana. Speak of the devil, they soon passed Maya standing at her locker in the hallway. Kyle grinned and discreetly gave her a thumbs-up. Tatiana, meanwhile, tossed Maya a bitchy smirk. Maya simply smirked back at her.

She won’t be smug for long, Maya thought.

“But enough about Maya,” Kyle said, trying to spare his friend from further backlash. “Let’s head to Starbucks before it gets crowded.”

“Right,” Tatiana said. “Let’s go, babe.”

Kyle inwardly cringed at being called babe, but he kept his best poker face, even when Tatiana intertwined their fingers. He saw many guys staring at him in awe and envy as they went out the school doors, and he couldn’t help feeling a surge of pleasure at being admired this way.

They went in to the Starbucks café and stood in line to order their refreshments. Kyle saw Nikki behind the counter, and she gave him a wink. He smiled. It was all going according to plan.

“Ugh, this line is so slow,” Tatiana whined. “I’m starving. I want some food.”

Kyle rolled his eyes. Did this girl ever shut up?

“Well, that’s why we’re here,” he replied calmly. As Tatiana continued to moan, gripe, and complain about trivial nonsense, he pulled out his phone and texted Maya.

This is painful. She’s bitching nonstop. He added an emoji with a gun pressed to its face for extra emphasis.

It wasn’t long before he received a reply: Just hang in there. It’ll all be worth it. ;)

He smiled and nodded to himself. Maya was right. It was only a matter of time before everything would fall into place and they would finally get their revenge.

Finally, they made it to the front of the line, and they ordered their food and drinks. Kyle chose a strawberry smoothie like last time along with a sandwich and brownie, and Tatiana opted for a vanilla bean frapuccino with a multigrain bagel (“I always eat light stuff, gotta watch those calories!” she’d insisted). Kyle pulled out his wallet, offering to pay for both their meals.

“Aww, you’re such a sweetheart!” Tatiana gushed.

Kyle smiled. No matter what, he could never resist being a gentleman.

“Don’t I get free drinks today?” Kyle teased as he handed Nikki the money.

“I wish, but my manager would kill me,” the girl replied, rolling her eyes. “I still think you’re cute though. Don’t tell Maya I said that.”

Kyle chuckled. “I won’t.”

Tatiana smirked. “Well, just keep your hands off him. He’s mine,” she said, linking arms with Kyle.

Nikki scoffed. “Sure he is,” she muttered.

“Hey, didn’t you use to date my brother?” Tatiana asked, suddenly recognizing her.

“Yeah…” Nikki frowned. That cheating asshole, she wanted to add, but refrained herself.

“You know, he still talks about you.”

“Does he?” Nikki said, trying to keep her cool.

Tatiana giggled. “He says you suffocated him with your coffee breath.” She laughed as if that wasn’t insulting at all. “And that your loud snoring was so cute!”

Nikki raised an eyebrow. “Excuse me?”

Kyle nervously cleared his throat and squeezed Tatiana’s shoulder in a vain attempt to get her to stop talking, but she ignored him.

“Well, aren’t you going to go make our drinks, sweetie?” she said, with that infuriating condescending smile of hers. “I’d love to stay here and keep chatting with you, but it looks like you’ve got a whole line-up of people waiting.”

Nikki dug her nails into her counter, reminding herself that as tempting as it was to have the most cathartic moment of her life right now, it wasn’t worth losing her job over. She instead put on her best customer service smile and said, “You’re right. I’ll go make them now, sweetie.” As soon as she’d turned away so they couldn’t see her, she scowled so hard she felt her blood vessels might burst. I’m going to kill her!!!

Tatiana turned to Kyle and rolled her eyes. “Bitch,” she mouthed silently.

Nikki poured the freshly-blended smoothie into a plastic cup. Kyle’s drink was done now, and of course his was untouched. Now it was time to prepare Tatiana’s drink. She grinned, pulling her secret ingredient out of her apron pocket. It hadn’t been easy, and she wasn’t exactly proud of her methods, but she’d managed to get the best diuretic on the market. These babies would have Tatiana squirming within minutes. After she’d poured the coffee, milk, and other essentials into the blender, she reached into the small ziplock bag which contained the tiny white capsules. She’d been told that only one would do the trick, but she decided to add a few more just for good measure. A sinister grin formed on her face as she tossed the pills into the blender and pressed the button. God, it felt so good! She was glad that the blender was loud enough to muffle her borderline evil chuckling as the pills swirled around and around, soon lost in the sea of chilled sugary goodness.

“Here you go,” she said innocently as she handed Tatiana the freshly-brewed frappuccino. The girl took a sip and her eyebrows perked up.

“Wow, this is good,” she remarked. “Like, really good! I wonder what’s in it?”

“Yeah, I wonder,” Kyle said, smiling at Nikki.

“Hey,” Nikki called softly, beckoning him over. He quickly told Tatiana to find a table before walking to the counter.

“Take pictures for me,” Nikki whispered to him. “I want to see the look on her face when she’s soaked in her own piss.”

“Oh, don’t worry,” Kyle reassured. “I think there’ll be a lot of pictures going around.”

He took a seat with Tatiana at a small table next to the window, and they began eating their lunch.

“Oh my God, this is amazing,” Tatiana said as she continued sipping away at her frappuccino, completely oblivious to the fact that it had been tampered with. “Want some?” She held out the beverage in front of Kyle.

Kyle shook his head. “No thanks.”

“You sure? I mean, you did pay for it.”

“I’m good.”

Tatiana shrugged. “Suit yourself. You’re missing out.”

Kyle chuckled. Oh, if only she knew…

“You know, I’m so glad you decided to give me a chance,” Tatiana said. “I’ve always had the biggest crush on you, you have no idea.”

Really? Kyle thought. Cause I don’t remember you even looking at me before I started hanging out with Maya.

Kyle grinned. “Well, what can I say? I’m a total ladies man.”

Tatiana giggled. “You’re so funny! I wish all guys were like you.”

Tatiana looked completely pleased with herself. In her eyes, she’d managed to snatch her enemy’s cute friend from her arms and secure her reputation as the superior one. There was nothing she couldn’t do.

Enjoy it while it lasts, Kyle thought. Your little victory will soon be over…

Tatiana then proceeded to launch into a rant about all the previous guys she’d dated, who according to her were obnoxious, narcissistic idiots, and eventually the focus of her rant shifted to her wide circle of friends, or rather her legion of backstabbers. Kyle nodded along silently, not really paying attention. He watched her body, looking for any indicators that she had to pee. So far, nothing.

After fifteen minutes, he began to worry. She’d long since downed the last of her frappuccino, but she showed no signs of desperation, or even discomfort. Didn’t Nikki say the diuretics were supposed to work almost immediately? Had she gotten a cheap, ineffective brand that was completely useless? A deep feeling of anxiety nestled in the boy’s stomach as he wondered if all their careful, meticulous planning had been for nothing; worse, how was he going to ditch Tatiana now, without revealing their big, possibly failed scheme? Just as he was beginning to seriously become worried, it suddenly happened. A peculiar look flashed in Tatiana’s eyes. She frowned, shifted slightly in her seat, and crossed her legs. Kyle’s eyes lit up. It was small, barely even a noticeable gesture, but there was no question about it. She definitely had to pee.

Sure enough, her desperation grew stronger by the minute. She began to fidget, squirm, and become noticeably more flustered. Unable to contain his excitement, Kyle discreetly pulled out his phone and texted Maya.

She’s fidgety.

“And don’t even get me started on Wendy,” Tatiana rambled on. "Have you noticed how she always dresses like a little whore? I mean, she is a total whore, but still..."

Kyle wasn’t even listening to Tatiana’s blabbering by this point. He was watching the girl who was normally so cool and composed become more and more distracted by her need to use the bathroom, to the point where her talking started to slow down (Kyle wasn’t complaining). She was constantly grimacing and crossing and uncrossing her legs, clearly bothered by this sudden urge to pee. At one point Kyle could even swear he saw her hand slip into her crotch. He shot a few furtive smiles at Nikki, who had clearly noticed the girl’s state of distress. She giggled quietly to herself every time she noticed Tatiana squirm, bite her lip, or press her legs together. By the time they’d finished their lunch, she looked somewhat desperate, although not to the point where she was close to wetting herself.

Kyle looked at his watch. “We should get going. Class is going to start pretty soon.”

Tatiana’s eyes lit up. “Right. Um, I’m just going to use the washroom real quick.”

“Oh.” Kyle frowned. “Yeah, go ahead.” He quickly looked at Nikki, and she winked at him. Good, he thought. She’d taken care of everything.

Tatiana rose from her seat, but paused for a moment. Apparently standing up sent a small wave of pressure into her bladder, because she gave a soft little moan and squeezed her legs together. After she’d regained composure, she grabbed her bag and quickly walked to the restroom. Kyle watched as she brought her hand to the door handle, her anxiety to relieve herself evident in her eyes. However, she then frowned as the handle didn’t turn. He smiled. Tatiana groaned, folding her arms over her chest as she waited impatiently for the door to open up, rubbing her legs together. After about a minute, when nothing had happened, Tatiana knocked on the door. No answer.

“Hello?” she called. Still nothing. “What the hell?” She tried a few more times, but still got no response. “Uh, excuse me?” she said to Nikki, who was wiping one of the tables. “Is this door jammed or something?”

“Oh yeah,” Nikki said, walking over to Tatiana with her hands in her pockets. “Someone accidentally locked the bathroom door, and I can’t seem to find the key anywhere.” She smiled mischievously, caressing the key she’d hidden in her trousers pocket. She’d thought about putting up an “out of order” sign, but then thought that wouldn’t be fair to the other customers, so she went an alternative route.

Tatiana frowned. “Oh.”

Nikki shrugged, still smiling. “Yeah, sorry.”

Tatiana pursed her lips, her nostrils flaring, but she managed to pull herself together. “That’s all right. I’ll just use the one at school.” Hurrying out of the café, she grabbed Kyle’s hand. “Let’s go.”

The boy quickly turned his head back to look at Nikki, who was cleaning tables again, and she smiled and made a camera-clicking motion with her hand, reminding him to take pictures. Kyle smiled and nodded, then waved at her. She waved back, then returned to wiping the table.

Tatiana immediately made a beeline for the ladies room when they got to the school.

“Okay, I’ll just quickly stop by the washrooms and-” Just then, the school bell rang. “Shit!”

Kyle smiled. He had purposely planned it so that she wouldn’t have time to use the bathroom before class started.

“Great, now I can’t go to the bathroom or else I’ll be late,” Tatiana grumbled. “And Mr. Edmunds already threatened to fail me if I’m late to class one more time. Ugh, this wouldn’t even be a problem if we were in our normal classroom today, then I could just stop by the washroom on the way there, but of course today of all days we have to work on this stupid fucking project in the library, which is on the other side of the school! God, I hate science class.”

Kyle chuckled to himself. Oh, this was even better than he had hoped. Although Tatiana didn’t look particularly desperate yet, soon the diuretics would take full effect, and there was no way she’d be able to hold it until the end of class. Tatiana probably thought she could easily wait one more hour, but she was dead wrong. Very soon she’d be more desperate to pee than she’d ever been in her entire life, and there was nothing she could do about it.

“Well, I guess I’d better get going,” Tatiana sighed. “See you later, babe.” She gave Kyle a kiss on the cheek, then turned and began hurrying to her final class. At that moment, Maya came walking in the opposite direction. Kyle was glad that she hadn’t seen the kiss, although she did notice Tatiana’s state of minor desperation.

Maya smirked. “How was your date?”

Kyle smiled. “Dreadful, until the last half hour or so. Then it got very interesting.”

Maya’s eyes lit up. “So she didn’t suspect a thing?”

“Nope. She was like, ‘Oh man, this frappuccino is amazing!’ Slurp, slurp, slurp. Downed the whole thing in five minutes.”

“I can’t believe those water pills actually worked,” Maya said.

“I know,” Kyle said. “I guess we owe it to Nikki. Seriously, you have, like, the coolest sister ever.”

Maya rolled her eyes. “She’s okay in small doses.”

“Hey, speaking of doses, that dosage of pills Tatiana drank should start taking full effect on her any minute now. She’s gonna have a real fun time sitting through her science class while her bladder starts filling up like a balloon.”

Maya nodded, grinning. “So, what now?” she asked. “I mean, obviously we can’t let her go to the bathroom during class. But how are we going to, like, control that?”

“Don’t worry,” Kyle said. “She’s got Mr. Edmunds. I’ve had him before. He’s super strict. Won’t let anyone go to the bathroom even if it’s an emergency. Sometimes people get in trouble for even asking.”

Maya smiled. “Great, so we’ve got that taken care of.” She looked at her watch, realizing they only had two minutes left to get to History, their final class for the day. “We should probably start heading to class too.”

“Actually, I was thinking maybe we could skip it today.”

Maya stared at him in shock. “What? Why?”

Kyle grinned, dark mischief in his eyes. “So we can have a front-row seat for the Tatiana vs. Bladder showdown. My money’s on the bladder. It’s happening in the library too, so we can just go in there and pretend to be studying or something. It’s perfect!”

“But I’ve never skipped before,” Maya said nervously.

“Come on, it’s totally worth it,” Kyle said. “Besides, do you really want be stuck in class for an hour listening to Mr. Arnolds yammering on about stuff that happened before we were even born?”

Maya thought about it, realizing he was right. “Well, when you put it that way…” She smiled. “Yeah, let’s do it.”

Kyle grinned. “That’s more like it. Come on, we don’t want to miss any of the action!” Laughing, they headed towards the library. Maya started to get goosebumps again. This was so exciting! They were skipping class and getting to watch Tatiana be humiliated in the worst possible way! At long last her rival would get what was coming to her, and it would scar her for life.

This is the best day of my life, Maya thought.

Maya and Kyle stepped into the library, just as several other students from Tatiana’s class started filing in. The two sophomores went to the study area and took a seat at one of the tables. People were allowed to be in the library even if there was a class in there, so long as you were quiet and respectful and didn’t disturb anyone. Sure enough, there were a couple of other students sitting in the study area, most of them listening to music on their headphones. Kyle pulled out his laptop and pretended to be working, while Maya got out her math homework and got started on the first few questions. She felt too guilty skipping class without at least doing some schoolwork.

Soon they spotted Tatiana coming in with Chrissy and Amy. Maya noticed that Tatiana didn’t walk in her usual confident stride; instead, her footsteps were hurried and awkward, and Tatiana herself looked somewhat stiff and mildly pained.

“So I heard you went on a little date during lunch,” Chrissy said, her eyes twinkling.

Tatiana nodded, although she seemed distracted. “Yeah. With Kyle Milkins.”

Chrissy gasped. “No way! That quiet guy from our Home Ec class? I think I have him on my list! So, so, how was it? Tell me, tell me, tell me! I want all the details! Where did you guys go? Did you kiss him? Did you hold hands? Did you make out?”

“I’ll tell you later,” Tatiana replied. “Ugh, I have to pee so bad!”

Maya and Kyle exchanged an excited look. The girl’s tone was lighthearted, which meant she hadn’t quite yet reached the point of urgency, but the fact that she was verbally admitting that she needed to pee was definitely a good sign. They watched as Tatiana’s class gathered in an open area where their teacher was waiting, some of the students standing or leaning against the bookcase, others sitting on couches or the carpeted floor. Tatiana slowly took a seat on one of the old worn sofas, quickly crossing her legs as she did so. As soon as everybody had arrived, Mr. Edmonds, a short, elderly man with glasses and white hair, began lecturing the class about how to do their research for the project, as well as giving tired advice on how to work efficiently and use time wisely and not goof off; it was a long and boring lecture, and Maya wasn’t paying any attention to it. She was instead focused on Tatiana, who was beginning to look more and more uncomfortable by the second.

She shifted in her seat, keeping her legs crossed very tightly, and was constantly doing fidgety things such as biting her lip, playing with her hair, and her foot was dancing in the air, all as a means of distraction to cope with the growing pain in her bladder. Maya could see that her hand was buried deep under one of her legs, very close to her crotch. Tatiana herself looked both impatient and nervous; she was frowning and occasionally glancing up at Mr. Edmonds, almost as if imploring him to finish his tedious speech so she could privately ask to go to the washroom, and the fine blonde hairs on her forehead were slightly matted with sweat. She was still trying to remain inconspicuous, and looked a bit self-conscious of her constant squirming around, not to mention the lack of her usual grace and poise (Self-conscious Tatiana. That’s a first, Maya noted).

Eventually, however, Chrissy seemed to notice something was wrong, because she leaned over and whispered something into her friend’s ear (Maya assumed she was asking Tatiana if she was okay). The girl nodded, but apparently Chrissy wasn’t convinced because she leaned over and whispered into Amy’s ear, and the latter frowned. Just then, Mr. Edmonds noticed the whispering that was going on between them and stopped his rambling.

“Girls? Is there something that you’d like to share with us?” the man asked sternly. Everyone turned to look at the three girls, and Maya thought that Tatiana’s reaction was uncannily similar to her own whenever she inadvertently got people’s attention—the normally cool and confident blonde now looked tense, flushed, and overwhelmed. She now had to force herself to look more presentable, which was difficult given her current predicament. Fortunately for her, Chrissy quickly spoke up.

“N-no. We’re sorry, Mr. Edmonds.”

The teacher gave a curt nod, satisfied. “Thank you. Now then, as I was saying…” He continued rambling for a few more minutes. Finally, he finished talking and let the students get to work. Tatiana immediately got up, although that seemed to put added strain on her bladder after sitting for so long, and she had to pause for a second to press her legs together.

“You guys go find a computer,” she said to Amy and Chrissy. “I’m just going to ask Mr. Edmonds something.” The two girls nodded and wandered off.

Tatiana quickly started heading towards Mr. Edmonds, who was sitting in a small office, but unfortunately for her, another student beat her to the punch, and it seemed like he had a very complicated question, because soon the teacher launched into a long and elaborate explanation (which only got longer every time the boy asked follow-up questions). Tatiana groaned, waiting impatiently for her turn to talk to the teacher. It was getting harder and harder for her to stand still. Her legs were crossed, and she was rocking back and forth ever so slightly, her knees jiggly and her hands twitchy. At one point she even gasped, bent over, and buried both hands in her crotch for a split second, apparently attacked by a sudden spasm, but then immediately removed them as soon as she noticed what she was doing.

“She’s really gotta go,” Kyle remarked, amused.

Maya smiled, thinking of the last time Tatiana had wet herself. She remembered it very well, even though she had only been five years old at the time. Unfortunately, she and Tatiana went a long ways back, all the way back to kindergarten. Even back then, Tatiana was a total bitch, destroying Maya’s sandcastles every time she tried to play in the sandbox, pushing Maya off the swing even though it wasn’t her turn, hogging all the good crayons and refusing to share. And then there was that day when she’d wet her panties in front of the whole class. Tatiana and Maya had drunk too much juice during snacktime and both girls were bursting for the toilet, but Maya had made it to the bathroom first.

While she was in there relieving herself, she could hear Tatiana yelling and pounding at the door, but by the time she came out, the girl’s legs were soaked in pee, and a great yellow puddle had spread under her feet. Tatiana had glared at Maya with tears in her eyes. “I hate you,” she’d hissed. Ever since then, they’d been sworn enemies. Of course, that was years ago, and everyone had forgotten about that incident by now. But this time, they would remember for a very long time. It was one thing to have an accident in kindergarten. It was quite another to have one as a high school student.

Finally, Mr. Edmunds was done with the other student, and Tatiana immediately began talking to him. They couldn’t hear what she was saying from where they were, but they could tell she was speaking very rapidly and restlessly. Mr. Edmonds’s curious expression quickly grew serious as he listened to Tatiana’s words. Frowning, he shook his head firmly. Tatiana looked crestfallen. She pleaded with him, pouting and batting her eyelashes in an attempt to exploit her good looks, but he just kept on shaking his head and giving whatever reasons that he had to deny her obvious request. Finally, Tatiana gave up and sulkily walked back to her two friends, who were sitting at one of the computers.

“What did I tell you?” Kyle said to Maya. “No bathroom breaks with this guy. Ever.”

Maya giggled. She thanked Mr. Edmonds for being an unknowing assistant in their little scheme. She felt absolutely giddy; Tatiana, the perfect stuck-up princess that she’d always been, was now stuck in a horrible, awkward, embarrassing, and very vulnerable situation. Her only choice now was to wait for class to end so she could go relieve herself, but it was still a long time left before dismissal, almost an hour, and for Tatiana’s poor bladder, time was precious.

The desperate girl sat down at the computer chair, but she couldn’t hide the pain on her face. Her trembling legs were crossed to the ankles, and her entire face was now soaked with sweat.

“Dude, are you okay?” Chrissy asked. “You seem a little … off.”

This time Tatiana confessed the truth. “No. I really, really have to pee.” Her voice broke at the end of her sentence, and she sounded close to tears.

Amy gasped. “You should go then! It’s not good to hold it in.”

Tatiana glared at the girl, though her anger was significantly watered down thanks to all the energy she was using to hold her pee. “God, I know that, Amy! What do you think I just talked to our asshole teacher for? Ugh, you’re so slow.”

“So he didn’t let you go?” asked Chrissy.

Tatiana shook her head, tears filling her eyes. “I don’t know what I’m going to do. I don’t … I don’t know if I can hold it.” Tatiana couldn’t stop squirming. Her legs were practically twisting around each other with how much she was crossing them, and Maya thought she looked like a contortionist. As the minutes ticked by, Tatiana’s face began to turn all sorts of colours, and her moans kept getting louder as the pressure in her throbbing bladder became unbearable. Her normally flat stomach was noticeably poking out from the waistband of her leggings, pulsing from the substantial volume of liquid hoarded inside. Suddenly, Tatiana gasped and looked down at her crotch.

“Oh my God!” she squealed. Her face burned bright red, and she jammed both hands into her crotch. The girl had obviously leaked. The powerful diuretics had made Tatiana’s bladder fill up at least twice as fast, and now it was at a point where it could no longer keep all that urine in, and had to start releasing it. It was only a matter of time now before it collapsed completely.

“She’s losing it,” Kyle whispered.

“Guys,” Tatiana whimpered, completely deprived of all self-consciousness. “It’s… it’s happening. I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore. I’m going to pee my pants.”

“Hey, hey, don’t worry girl, class is almost over,” Chrissy reassured her.

“You can do it, Tatiana!” Amy cheered her on.

“Why is this happening to me?!” Tatiana cried, by now a complete blubbering mess. Maya couldn’t help rolling her eyes. Tatiana was such a drama queen. If Maya was in that situation, she would at least try to be quiet about it, and not make such a spectacle of herself. Not that she was complaining, since she enjoyed watching Tatiana’s desperate antics. Even if she somehow didn’t wet herself (after all, no plan is foolproof), just watching her squirm and suffer like that was almost as good.

“Oh, oh! God, it hurts so bad.” Tatiana bent over, clutching her stomach in agony and letting out soft shuddering breaths. By now several people were staring at her, having noticed her acute state of distress. It was all too much for the girl to bear. She began quietly weeping, while all Chrissy and Amy could do was offer weak support.

Maya had never, ever seen Tatiana this upset before. True, there was that one time clumsy Amy had accidentally dropped her phone and shattered the screen, but she’d gotten over that relatively quickly. She was now completely distraught, to the point where she almost seemed like a different person. It was fascinating how something as simple as a full bladder could reduce her to such a feeble and infantile state of regression, Maya thought. It looked like they had found the girl’s kryptonite after all!

“How much longer do you think before she breaks?” she asked Kyle.

“Shouldn’t be long now,” the boy responded. “She’s getting pretty close. I mean, she’s already wetting herself.”

It was true. It was hard to see from where they were, but if they peered at just the right angle, they could make out a small wet spot in between Tatiana’s legs. Slowly but surely, her bladder was giving up.

“Eep!” Tatiana shrieked as a stream went down her leg. It had miraculously managed to leave only a small and almost unnoticeable mark on her leggings, but there were now a few visible yellow drops sliding down her smooth leg. “Fuck, fuck! I have to go so bad! I can’t wait anymore!” Fortunately for her, at that moment, the final bell rang, and students started packing up their stuff to go home for the day.

Immediately Tatiana rose from her seat and made a beeline for the library doors, followed by Chrissy and Amy. Unfortunately for Tatiana, she wasn’t the only one who was eager to get out of there. Hoards of students were crowded at the doors, trying to get through. Tatiana groaned, so desperate she couldn’t stand still. Although it wouldn’t take too long for the exit to clear, Tatiana’s overstretched bladder really wasn’t in the mood for waiting. It had to be emptied now.

At last, the students dispersed out the doors, and Tatiana rushed out to the hallway, Maya and Kyle tailing behind. Now came the most exciting part: the climax! Tatiana was so close. So close to the bathroom where she could finally get her sublime relief, and so close to losing total control of her bladder once and for all. The question was, which one was she closer to?

“Oh God, oh God,” Tatiana whispered, sweat streaking her face as she staggered towards the washroom. She was hunched over, both fists rammed into her crotch, and she walked in the tiniest yet nimblest baby steps Maya had ever seen. Tatiana’s eyes were focused solely on her crotch, presumably to make sure she wasn’t visibly leaking. Chrissy and Amy tagged along beside the bursting girl, trying to conceal her desperation from the people wandering the halls, although that concern had long fled the girl’s mind.

Now she was concentrating all her efforts into overcoming that last stretch, the journey to the girls’ washroom, where she would at last get her much, much needed relief. Even then, Maya and Kyle could see that she was absolutely at the end of her rope. Her incredibly full bladder was too overwhelmed by all the urine it was being forced to contain, and Maya could see small dark splotches soaking through the back of Tatiana’s leggings. If she didn’t get to a bathroom in the next thirty seconds or so, she was done for.

“Look Tatiana, we’re almost there!” Chrissy cried.

Tatiana looked up, and her eyes lit up like fireworks. Sure enough, there was the girls’ washroom, her salvation, just a few feet away. She could see a few girls slipping into the washroom, who probably weren’t half as desperate as she was, but she still felt an overpoweringly intense envy toward them, for being at the one place she needed more than anything in the world at that moment, but still hadn’t quite reached yet. Alas, she had made a fatal mistake by looking at the washroom. Immediately, her tense body loosened up just a tiny bit, but it was enough for her tense bladder muscles to relax and finally put Tatiana out of her misery, albeit not exactly in the ideal moment.

“No!” Tatiana gasped as she began to feel herself losing control. A warm torrent of pee started flooding through the crotch of her leggings, creating a glimmering dark patch in between her legs. The girl clenched her knees and squeezed her crotch even harder, both to try and stop the flood, and so nobody would notice that she had wet herself. Unfortunately, both of these efforts were futile. Pee leaked through her fingers, gushing rapidly down her legs and splashing onto the floor. To make matters even worse, Chrissy and Amy immediately noticed what was happening.

Amy gasped. “Tatiana! Are you peeing yourself?”

Unfortunately, she announced this a bit too loudly, and everyone immediately in the hallway froze, hushing their conversations and turning to look at the completely mortified Tatiana, who was now peeing uncontrollably through her gray leggings. With a loud hissing, torrents of pee flowed down her leggings and trailed down her legs, accumulating into a rapidly growing puddle underneath the girl's feet.

Ecstatic, Maya quickly pulled out her phone and began to videotape Tatiana’s disastrous accident. It would be a crime not to record this, she thought. Heck, she would probably rewatch the video every single day. And she wasn’t the only one. Several students, after recovering from the initial shock of witnessing a high school student wetting herself, began to snicker, whisper, jeer, and snap pictures, guaranteed to be all over Facebook and other social media sites within the next few hours. Chrissy and Amy looked somewhat embarrassed and uncomfortable, but that was nothing compared to the unspeakable shame and horror that filled every inch of Tatiana’s body as she experienced the most humiliating moment of her life.

Her bladder continued releasing into her leggings, which were now almost entirely drenched from front to back. Pee soaked through her backside, turning the thin material transparent enough so that Maya could faintly make out the girl’s royal blue panties, which elicited a few whistles. Tatiana was too mortified to even care about that by this point; she stood there, speechless as she kept helplessly releasing more and more pee into her leggings. By now a whole crowd of people had gathered around the girl, completely captivated by what was happening to her; Maryland Secondary was a fairly big school, but it was pretty tame in terms of big events, so for something this memorable and amazing to happen, naturally people were going to be drawn to it. Maya saw something then, something that she would always remember.

Looking into Tatiana’s tear-filled eyes, she saw a vulnerability there that she had never seen before. She wasn’t just upset. She looked downright scared. It was at that moment that Maya knew she had finally gained the upper hand; no more would Tatiana get to enjoy abusing and humiliating others without consequences. Now the tables had been turned.

Game over, Tatiana.

Finally, after what probably felt like the longest two minutes of Tatiana’s life, it was over. And yet, her humiliation had only just begun. Tatiana, the prettiest, most admired, and most envied girl in the school, had just suffered a major fall from grace that would be very difficult to recover from. Her image had been permanently stained like her piss-soaked leggings, and this day would haunt her for a very long time, possibly for the rest of her life. But for Maya, this was the most satisfying moment she had ever experienced. After all that torment, all those years of misery, she had finally put that bitch in her place. She almost felt like dancing; she was on top of the world.

Then, in the midst of that surreal moment, Kyle shocked Maya by walking right up to the dripping Tatiana and staring her right in the eye with a serious look on his face. “Sorry sweetie,” he said. “I don’t date little girls. We’re through.”

Students burst into laughter. Maya gasped and stared at Kyle incredulously, and he smirked at her.

It was too much for Tatiana. In tears, the girl ran and disappeared into the girls’ washroom, leaving an enormous puddle behind, while Chrissy and Amy ran after their friend trying vainly to comfort her.

The other students then began to disperse, and Maya and Kyle headed towards the school doors.

“Oh my God, that was epic!” Maya remarked. “What you said to Tatiana. How’d you come up with that?”

Kyle shrugged, smiling. “Just a spur of the moment thing. Had to break up with her eventually.”

“Well, it was brilliant. Kudos.”

Kyle grinned. “We did it.”

“We did it,” Maya said, smiling back. They high-fived.

“We’re horrible people, aren’t we?” Kyle smirked. “I mean, we did just basically ruin someone’s life. Or at least her social life.”

Maya sighed. “Well…” She thought about how distraught Tatiana had looked, with her soiled leggings, the tears streaming down her flushed cheeks. Then she thought about the egg batter dripping down her face, Tatiana cackling mercilessly as she tipped the bucket over her head. She shook her head. “She deserved it. If anything we were too gentle on her. I do feel bad for the janitor, though.”

Kyle laughed. “Right! Someone’s gonna have to clean up that mess. Poor guy.”

Maya looked down at the ground. “Um, thanks for, you know, helping me,” she said quietly.

“My pleasure,” Kyle said. “It was fun. I’m glad I met you, Maya.”

Maya stopped, caught off-track by that last statement. It was an unusual thing for someone to say, and she wasn’t sure how to respond. Yet at the same time, she felt flattered, happy. “Me too,” she finally said.

“Wanna grab a smoothie?” Kyle asked.

Maya nodded. “I would love that.” Kyle smiled.

Suddenly, Maya felt something soft against her palm. She looked down and discovered that Kyle had interlocked their fingers. She looked up at him, surprised. For a second, there was the usual jarring feeling that occurred every time their hands accidentally touched. Only this time, they didn’t let go right away. After getting past the initial awkwardness, Maya discovered that holding hands with Kyle actually felt … nice. Smiling, they walked hand-in-hand out the school doors, and into the warm afternoon sun.
