Does anybody know where this story came from?

Author: Subaru

*000*2019-04-16 19:28

Note: not my story

As usual, it didn't take long for Jessica to get out of bed. She sits up despite her drowsiness and turns off the alarm clock, whose display reads six on the dot. A sense of dread over what would happen today fills her thoughts, just like any other day.

After hitting the lights she stands up with a soft groan. Her bladder is full, but this isn't like a typical morning urge. The woman can feel a strong pressure underneath the waistband of her panties. She has to pee so bad it sends a chill through her body, which is not surprising when she remembers that she hasn't urinated since five in the afternoon on the previous day.

Still in her underwear, she throws a robe on and goes to make breakfast. Jessica walks past the bathroom on her way to the fridge. The door is open and the toilet looks inviting. If only she could sit down and relieve herself it would feel so good, so relaxing and wonderful. Instead, she walks right past the bathroom and grabs the milk from the fridge. After filling a bowl with cereal and pouring a glass of juice she sits down to eat, downing the orange juice over the protests of her bladder and not once stopping to give her crotch a quick squeeze.

With that out of the way she sets the dishes in the sink and walks past the bathroom again to go to her bedroom, taking a seat at the vanity. The mirror shows an attractive young woman of eighteen, almost nineteen years of age. Her shoulder length red hair has a slight curl to it and her body has a healthy, almost athletic level of fitness to it. Her hazel eyes stare back at her in a neutral way, but in the recent past they had a fierce sharpness to them.

Now begins the morning ritual of makeup. Jessica starts with a light foundation before grabbing the eye shadow. She trembles slightly from badly wanting to pee, yet covers her eyelids with ease. The eyeliner, mascara, and blush are all done in the same discomfort. Lipstick is usually the easy part but even this seems to take forever. It feels good to her as the cosmetic slides across her lips but her legs shake nervously the whole time. Her bladder seems to ache worse when she is sitting, which is a shame because she can't stand up until she fixes her nail polish, both on her fingers and her toes. After sitting still and waiting for what seems like an eternity for her makeup to dry, she can stand up to get dressed.

Jessica's work clothes start with brown pantyhose, a black bodysuit that flaunts her breast size, high heels, and a pair of cat ears on her head. She grabs her purse and a few more accessories, which include a tail that sticks to her butt, before leaving the apartment to go to work.

"Ah, damn it. I have to pee so fucking bad. This isn't fair!" thinks Jessica.

To say her behavior is unusual would be correct, however, she is not to blame for it. She has fallen victim to mind control just like every other woman in the city. It renders her incapable of acting of her own accord. Everything she can do, she can do because her master or an authority figure told her to do it. When a command is given she is unable to resist in any way. The young woman would literally jump off a cliff without a single complaint. The only part of her that is unaffected is her thoughts. Like a sanctuary where she can be herself, her thoughts and feelings are there to remind her that she is a living person.

As far as Jessica knows it all started a year ago. Most of her homeworld, Altisha, is already united under a single government, with the rest of it full of smaller, rebel states. The leaders of this single government, known as the Edireca Empire, have made their thirst for power and total world domination no secret.

Mind control technology, using a combination of drugs and radio waves, was developed at the monarch's behest. With it, the police were to gain unchallenged control over the population and render the criminals incapable of breaking the law. At first they introduced the drug as a vaccine for a dangerous new virus and broadcasted the radio frequency from towers, but they soon realized that this drug only works on females. The entire male population was unaffected. Even so, rebels are few and the police have more than enough power to keep them underground.

Jessica was seventeen and living with some friends when it happened. She got the vaccine just to avoid being jailed for noncompliance and was able to go home quietly. Soon after, she got a call on the phone. The man said he was a clerk at the nearest courthouse and told her to come to the building on her own to request a master. Jessica thought there was something suspicious about this and would normally hang up, but to her surprise she obeyed his command. She didn't want to sign away her freedom and knew she had to stay home, but her body moved on it's own and she could not stop herself from signing the papers.

In most cases, women were programmed to obey their husbands or fathers when the program started. The men, showing the general lack of respect for humanity that their empire is known for, were happy with the change. Women without fathers or husbands were assigned a master by the government.

Presently, every female citizen is required to take a pill once a day and wear a device that produces the needed radio frequency at all times. Jessica's owner is in charge of handing out the drug as females usually don't carry their own supply, and her earrings emit the inaudible tone that activates the drug.

The sun is up now, and as Jessica steps out of her apartment building she finds her bicycle and climbs on. She had a driver's license, but due to concerns that the mind control could temporarily disable a girl and cause her to crash, women are no longer allowed to drive unless a licensed male is in the passenger seat.

Her bladder sends a tingle of protest as it is squished by her peddling. The gentlemen's club isn't too far away, so on days where the weather wouldn't mess up her clothing she commutes on this bicycle.

"Ohhh! I swear... I swear i'm gonna piss myself if I hit a pothole," thinks Jessica, quietly enduring her torment. "Stupid Rainier! Why doesn't he just tell me to pee after getting up?!"

Minutes later she reaches her workplace, a fancy club that often caters to high profile guests. Rainier is waiting for her at the entrance. A chubby man in his late twenties, he is goofy and sociable at the same time. Some say he is perfectly suited to manage a gentlemen's club.

"Ah, rode in on the bike today? I guess you've come to... peddle your wares! Ha ha ha!"

Jessica thinks to herself, "You fucking nerd," however, before locking her bicycle up she smiles at him and says "Good morning, Mr. Rainier."

The interior of the club looks classy. There is a bar, a stage, tables, and several private booths just in the main room. Being located in the empire's capital city, Altera, gives Rainier plenty of high paying customers such as generals, supreme judges, corporate leaders, and even people who are related to the royal family. Rainier takes his position behind the bar preparing drinks while Jessica helps her master by waiting on the customers.

"Come on you idiot, tell me to use the bathroom! I can't work a full shift like this!"

Unfortunately for Jessica, her master forgets all about her needs as they begin work. She is left to serve drinks as the pressure in her bladder gets worse. It makes her bodysuit feel tight around her stomach. Every step she takes sends a sting into her womanly muscles, the timing perfectly matches the clacking sound of her high heels striking the floor. Soon, she thinks she feels a dampness against her crotch. As much as she wants to feel to make sure she hasn't wet herself it is not possible for her to do so.

To make things worse, the customers always try to fondle her as she waits on them. It isn't long before some stock trader squeezes her butt. It sends a mild tickling through her flesh and makes her bladder feel weak.

"Not now! Damn... i'm... gonna pee!" thinks Jessica. On the outside, she doesn't react to this in any way. She simply wipes off a nearby table like she couldn't care less if someone is touching her. "Come on... You're like, sixty, right? You probably can't even get a hard on."

"Excuse me, miss?" says the gentlemen. "Can you tell me when the next stage performance is?"

Turning around to speak to him, Jessica smiles and says, "The other girls will be here soon. Erika will dance first, then Barbara. I will be dancing later this evening."

The old man looks disappointed, but makes it better by reaching up and cupping Jessica's breasts. He gropes slowly while saying, "Ah, that's too bad, I need to catch a plane soon. I guess I should plan my visits later in the day."

It sends a pleasant, yet somehow creepy tingle through her chest. The young woman shivers from it, and the burning desire to pee, yet can only dream of slapping him.

"Eww, this is SO gross! He smells like shit too!"

Jessica has to tolerate another minute of this before the nice old man is finished. She collects his money on the way out and stores it in Rainier's safe. For honest, hard working women such as herself, being incapable of theft means being trusted with any amount of money, no matter how much.

Without even asking for a quick bathroom break she moves on to the next table. She vaguely recognizes the faces and curses to herself that she would ever meet these boys again.

The two men look the same age as Jessica. They have short, spiky hair and wear polo shirts with the collars popped and raised up. She remembers them from high school, or to be exact, remembers turning them down for a date.

"Oh shit! Check it out Bossman, it's her!" says one of the men.

"Woah, Jessica?" asks Bossman. "Haw haw, I guess that answers my question! I was wondering if you got out of town in time, but it looks like you're a slave now!" He knows this is the case by her passive behavior. The girl he wanted to date back in school was a snake in comparison. "Yo Broski, do ya still like her?"

"Ya, I guess," replies Broski. He was turned down harshly and was quite angry about it when it happened. At least now there is no chance he will be laughed at. "You can still fuck even though your brains are scrambled, right?"

When Jessica sees Broshi's hand reach out for her crotch her instincts tell her to slap it away, just like any lady would want to do in this situation. To Broski's delight she is unable to do this. Her arm refuses to listen to her orders, for it will only obey the orders of others. The man's fingers grab on to her and squeeze her vagina through the thin material of her body suit. It sends a cold rush through her body and almost makes the woman wet herself from the feeling.

She gasps out loud and moans from the sensation, her mind control being unable to suppress cries of pain or pleasure. Through her moans she thinks to herself, "No! I don't wanna pee myself right now! Not in front of these losers!" Her legs wobble from the intense desire to relieve herself. She may not be able to pee without permission, but if her bladder reaches the limit of what it can hold she will still wet her pants.

"Hells yeah, I think she can fuck just fine!" says Broski, withdrawing his hand to check the moisture on his fingers. "Come on Bossman, there's an empty booth over there. I'll let you use her mouth while i'm working on her!"

"Noooo!" thinks Jessica, disgusted by the idea. "Not these guys! Anyone but them! I'd rather have the old man!"

The two men lead Jessica over to the booths. There isn't a lot of room, but the three of them manage to fit inside before Bossman closes the curtain. There is a single long seat with dim lighting and a space in the wall where drinks can be placed. The purpose of these booths is to have a little privacy while being affectionate with the female staff.

"Fuck, I am so stoked," says Bossman. He grins at the waitress and runs his hand over her crotch. He can see her shivering in an unusual way but has no idea why she does this.

"I gotta peeeee! It's gonna come out if they fuck me now!" thinks Jessica.

"Fuck me, I forgot my damn condom," Broski mutters while squeezing Jessica's breasts.

Bossman just laughs, "What do you care dude? It's not like she's gonna tell anyone."

"Good point!"

Jessica can feel the men fumbling around with her uniform. She may not be a virgin, but being taken by two guys at the same time will still be enough to cause an accident. Her bladder aches so bad she thinks a big enough penis may actually pop it. However, she won't learn the joys of full bladder sex today. The curtain swings open before the two men can get her undressed.

"Excuse me gentlemen, can I see your VIP cards?" asks Rainier.

The two men exchange a glance, neither of them have anything of the sort. Bossman speaks up first, saying, "Sorry man, we don't have those."

In truth, the obese man didn't even need to ask in order to find out. He knows all of his VIP customers personally. He has an agreement to honor passes from certain other clubs, but he can still tell these boys are too young to have anything of such value. "I'll have to ask you to return to your table then," says Rainier, much to Jessica's relief. "You can stare at my girls all you want, you can even get away with touching them, but only my VIP customers can bring the ladies in here and have sex."

"Okay," says Broski. "How do I get a VIP card?"

Grinning now, Rainier says, "I sell them for fifty thousand edirs."

"Fifty thousand?!" exclaims Broski.

"Our dads are rich, but we don't have that kind of money to spend on ass!" says Bossman. "Come on, just let us fuck her!"

Rainier shakes his head, "No way, my girls need to be clean and ready just in case a real VIP comes in. They wouldn't like it if I had to tell them to come back later, after they already paid for their membership."

Buying a stray woman like Jessica, who has no father or husband, is still young and far too cute for menial labor, costs quite a bit of money. The license for her was expensive so the money she wins from VIP members helped pay her off and even buy a few more young girls for Rainier.

Seeing the two men hesitate to let her go, Rainier adds, "Just because these girls are slaves doesn't make them your slaves. You always need the owner's permission to have sex with his girls. Our glorious empire does have laws... or have you forgotten?"

The men both pale when they hear this. "No... No, don't be silly. Of course we didn't forget," says Bossman. "We can't pay for this girl, so let's just go home Broski."

Dreading the swift, iron hand of the imperial court of justice, the men pay their tabs and quickly leave the club. Jessica stands there staring at her owner for a minute. Her face feels warm for some reason she doesn't understand. At least now she knows those two jerks won't be coming back to this particular club.

"Hmm, are you okay Jessica?" asks Rainier, checking her over. "Good, it looks like they didn't even get your clothes off. Now... I think i'll have you..."

"PEE! Tell me to pee god damn it!" thinks Jessica.

"... work the bar now that everyone is here."

"You bastard!" Jessica thinks while she smiles and says, "As you wish, Mr. Rainier."

The waitress quietly endures the burning, throbbing feeling in her bladder and goes to serve drinks behind the bar as her owner retreats to his office to order more supplies. She can see the other two girls have shown up by now. Erika is singing and dancing on the stage. She is the same age as Jessica and has curly blonde hair, the back of which is usually tied in a ponytail, leaving a few bangs in front. Her uniform is similar but the bodysuit and high heels are pink instead of black. She also wears bunny ears instead of Jessica's cat ears. Right now, most of the men are focused on her as she sings with a cheerfulness that seems genuine instead of forced.

Barbara walks up to Jessica after she gets behind the bar. She also has red hair, only hers is much longer than Jessica's. She doesn't wear a bunnygirl or catgirl suit like the others, but a long, black dress with elbow gloves and a low cut to show off her large breasts. Barbara isn't as agile as the other girls are, she would likely trip and fall on her butt if she tried to dance, so all she does on stage is sing. Luckily, her voice is the crowd favorite.

"Good morning miss Jessica," says Barbara. Her baby face and kind eyes are so lovely they make the other girl want to vomit.

"Good morning, Barbara." Jessica nods back before pulling out some glasses. "Stay back unless you want me to piss on you."

"I need seven shots of rum for the table over there please."

Jessica pours the drinks and hands them over, watching her friend deliver them to what looks like a bunch of congressmen. Her legs wobble behind the bar as she feels a few drops of urine escape. It doesn't show on her black uniform, but the crotch is starting to feel noticeably wet. If only she could grab herself like a normal girl it would feel so unbelievably good, but she has no ability to move her limbs independently.

It wouldn't be the first time she was wet herself since losing her free will, but due to her luck up until now it will be the first time in front of her owner and the other girls. Quite often does the forgetful Rainier tell her to use the bathroom. Jessica's first day on the job was fun, she was absolutely bursting at the end of her shift. She just barely made it home before wetting herself. For the first few months she would often wet herself after getting home, but this didn't matter at all, for she has standing orders to clean up any mess she makes and shower if she gets dirty, so no one found out about it. A few more months and her bladder was strong enough for her to make it to bed without wetting herself, although she would wet the bed every night whenever Rainier didn't tell her to pee at the end of her shift. Despite her forced attempts to clean it, the scent of pee on her mattress is still fairly strong.

Now, after nearly a year, Jessica can hold it all night and into her next shift at work. She has seen Erika and Barbara wet themselves before but the thought of doing this herself is just too much. She doesn't understand why Rainier doesn't just give her standing orders to use the bathroom every few hours, perhaps he hasn't come up with that idea yet, or maybe he doesn't want her abandoning her post at a bad time.

At any rate, it looks like she will have to face this today. The pain in her bladder is starting to get to her. The pressure is intense, almost as if she had a watermelon in her bladder. It burns and feels cold at the same time, and her kegals are starting to go numb. At least she is behind the bar. There is a drain on the floor and no one will have a good view of her crotch for the next hour. If she wets herself now then just maybe no one will notice.

Before this can happen, she hears a cork popping out of a bottle. It is followed by Erika's high pitched voice as the blonde girl yelps in surprise. Jessica finds that she is able to look in the direction of the stage, and when she does she can see Erika lying on her back.

It doesn't look like Erika is hurt, but she is covered in champagne and is holding a cork with her toes. The men, fearful of their own liability, check to make sure she is unharmed. Erika doesn't mind, she seems to like the attention and bursts out in giggles.

As Barbara comes over to help, the man holding the champagne bottle tells her, "I'm sorry, I asked her to take her shoe off and open this with her foot. I didn't realize it would have enough force to knock her over."

"Why did you do that?!" asks one of the other men.

"Cause I... uh... I like feet."

Erika is giggling hysterically now, it shows that she is happy even though she is under the same hypnosis as Jessica, who never laughs. Some say she is too much of an airhead to realize her free will has been taken away and that she honestly thinks she is following orders because she wants to. It makes her mind control slightly less effective, the other girls often have to guide her through her confusion.

"Miss Erika, you should go get cleaned up now. Master Rainier is in his office if you need new clothes," says Barbara.

Erika takes her other shoe off and stands up. "Y-yes, of course. Hehe!" She prances off, leaving Barbara to wipe up the mess on stage.

"Ugh! She is SO annoying!" thinks Jessica, still waiting in severe discomfort for her accident.

"Hey, why don't you fill in for Erika while she's changing, Jessica?" says one of the men.

"Huh?! N-no..."

Barbara looks over at the other girl, "Yes, I can mind the bar while you continue the dance."

"Not now!"

To Jessica's horror, she finds herself walking up to the stage. Her bladder is so full it makes her walk funny. She takes short, stiff steps until she reaches the newly dried stage. Barbara is watching her from behind the bar and a dozen older men are staring from mere inches away, ready to pounce if only they had VIP cards. She grabs the brass poll and wraps a leg around it, rubbing her crotch up and down.

"Ahh! Fuck, t-that tickles," thinks Jessica. Her clothes, which are already damp with a few spurts of pee, rub against her clit and light a fire.

"Holy shit, yeah!" says one of the perverts.

Another pervert abruptly stands up and asks, "Where's the tissues?! I'm gonna cum!"

Barbara can be heard chuckling quietly, amused at how easy it is to make these men happy. Another man reaches into his pocket and takes out some paper money before getting directly in front of the dancer.

"Hey Jessica, stick your belly out. I'll give you a tip."

A burning, tingling numbness has come over Jessica's crotch. She can't even feel the pressure anymore, and the young lady knows what that means. She whimpers mentally while getting on her knees, leaning back so that the customer can insert bills into the leg holes of her costume. His hand barely touches the fabric enough to tickle her before she shudders with a bladder cramp.

The pressure is so intense it leaves her unable to move. The dancer gasps quietly as her body squeezes it's urine out past her kegals. The customer jumps back when his hand is showered with warm pee, which soaks through her costume and falls straight down to the stage that Barbara just cleaned not even two minutes ago.

"WOAH!" all the perverts say at once.

"Look, she's pissing her pants!"

"Shut up! I'm trying to watch!"

The relief is so strong it is nearly orgasmic, and this is possibly the only thing that keeps Jessica from mental collapse. She is highly embarrassed and can feel tears on her face. Once her bladder is empty, she calls for help as she was told to.

*005*2019-04-17 13:16

Thanks

