Harry Potter fanfiction. Chapter 1

Author: Shardik19

*000*2020-09-24 17:06

As she barrelled towards the brick wall, Vera reminded herself that getting on the platform was the easy part. She inhaled sharply as her trolley neared the brick and then passed clean through. After all these years it’s still best to do with speed. Now for the hard part, finding her friends on the crowded platform. Moving forward slowly she kept a her eyes open for anyone she knew. A bunch of first years it looks like, clogging up the platform entrance as usual. She squeezed past some fifth years she recognized with a brief greeting.

“I don’t even care,” Vera said to herself

“I’m going back to Hogwarts now and nothing can bring me down! But I sure do have to pee!”

She had purposely held her pee all morning, looking forward to seeing her mum off in the parking lot. The crowd was still thick ahead of her as students reunited with friends and said their goodbyes to family. It was hectic but as she moved forwards the crowd slowly thinned.

“Still no sign of anyone” Vera thought

“Oh well, I’ll keep moving, I know Brit likes to sit near the snack trolley.”

The hustle and bustle of the morning events helped push her urge to pee aside, but now that she was free of the main crowd the realization set in, she had to pee immediately. Vera pulled her cart off to one side and scanned around once again for familiar faces. She saw a few, none she was desperate to engage with however. There was a much more desperate matter at hand. Turning and opening her suitcase, Caitlin shoves her hand in and closed her fingers on her wand.

“This is so exciting! And so much easier to pull off with magic” she thought. “I’m going to let a little bit out, just to see where I’m at”.

It was much easier to wet herself in the magical world. She could let it go in her pants and simply dry her pants and hide any pee with a flick of the wand. In the muggle world, discretion and planning and hiding were the only way she could relieve herself.

A twinge in her bladder required a squeeze of her thighs to control herself.

“Alright, maybe I’m glad I haven’t met any of the gang yet!” As she scanned the platform one last time before she would flood her pants secretly. She stood up on her tip-toes and looked back towards the entrance, noting that a little wetness leaked out.

“Mmmm here it comes-“

Her eyes locked with professor Longbottom. He was stepping down off the train when they caught each other’s eyes. Suddenly the warm tingly urge to peel was banished, and replaced with a different sensation. He smiled in an awkward way no one else could achieve, while also blushing and tripping over a first years cat, earning himself a hearty laugh from the surrounding passengers in waiting. As he got up chuckling, he flashed her a quick grin and now she felt the blood pulsing through her face.

“I didn’t expect to see him right away! Oh gosh I hope i didn’t embarrass myself. Well I didn’t trip over a cat I guess. Could’ve been worse” as she watched him walk away ushering students onto the train as he went.

“I can’t wait for Herbology Class” she thought. Her mind wandering to thoughts of last semester... thoughts of plants, and vines, so rope like, strong and binding around the wrists... Professor Longbottom and his goofy smile, watching her struggle in the venomous tentactula greenhouse.

A sudden rush of warmth brought her back to present, this time from between her legs as pee flooded into her jeans.

She squeezed her legs together feeling the warmth flow down her legs and towards her shoes. With a flick of her wand she evaporated the urine as she let go completely and allowed herself full release in her pants.

After a momentary sigh of pleasure and relief, she realized that the platform was clearing quickly around her. Time to board! As she grabbed her suitcase and started forward she heard a voice two train-cars over calling to her.

“Hey Vera!! Hurry up let’s goooo! I’ve got so much to tell you about my summer! And I got the best seats! Right near the snack trolley let’s go!” Vera burst into a huge grin and headed to where Brittany’s head was poking out of a window.

“Hey girl! Nice to see you again! Now when you say tell me about your summer, you mean that nice muggle boy right?”

“Yes of course!! Now get in here so we can have some privacy!” As Brit slammed the sliding window closed and Vera stepped up onto the train.

“Great to be back!!” She said to herself.

*003*2020-09-28 22:50

{{On 9/26/2020 at 8:26 AM, Keita123 said:

I love this story! More please!

}}

I have two more chapters written. Hoping to write more soon thanks!

