It Started with An Accident

Author: Sunny

*000*2018-07-14 06:42

Hello everyone! I've taken a few breaks from writing lately, but I got this idea stuck in my head for the last few days and I thought I'd share with everyone! I've got a few chapters planned, not sure how far I'm going to take this story. We'll see where it goes! Enjoy!

Chapter One: At the Mall

Skylar Grayson was as happy as an eighteen-year-old senior of Biltmore High could be. At least, in the fall she would be a senior. Her birthday had come at the very end of her junior year, and with it a beat-up Volkswagen Beatle her parents had bought her. She had a summer of fun and freedom ahead of her before her final year of high school, and Skylar was determined to make every minute of her it count. She had her entire summer vacation planned with parties and beach trips, even a visit to Disneyland as it was only about an hour drive. However, one thing she did not plan on was a little bit of self-discovery…

It was a few days into her first week of summer break that Skylar woke to an overcast sky, not uncommon living so near the beach. It was a bit humid as well. But that was fine. She smiled, stretching as she sat up in bed, her messy auburn hair tumbling over the side of her shoulder. She got out of her bed to get ready for the day. She chose a loose, Boho styled brown skirt that layered itself longer in the back, exposing her thighs in the front, and a white lacy tank top to go along with it. She picked out a pair of emerald green panties, foregoing a bra. She wasn’t flat chested by any means, but her breasts were just small enough and perky to be able to get away with going braless for some time yet. She showered and dressed, admiring her simple summer outfit in the mirror. It looked good on her slight, willowy frame.

She pulled her hair back into a simple messy bun and touched on a little bit of makeup to complete the look. She was going to go meet up her friends at the mall. They only had a few days until Chad Miller’s senior party. He’d been the most popular boy in school since she was a freshman. A year older, he’d be going away to college in the fall. And this would be the last party he’d throw in their hometown for some time. Not only that, but it was the first party of the summer and it was going to kick off with a bang, as all of Chad’s parties did. She grabbed an iced tea from the fridge instead of breakfast, not wanting to gain weight before the party, and headed out. It was humid, but not too horrible. There was a slight breeze too. Keeping in mind with the whole no gaining weight plan, she decided to walk to the mall. It wasn’t far from her house. Besides, gas prices were so high!

She played on her phone, texting her friends Amberly, Christina, and Monica while she sipped her tea. They were all meeting outside the Cheesecake Factory in about twenty minutes, plenty of time for her walk there and finish her tea. Halfway there she wondered if she ought to have brought her umbrella. Was that thunder in the distance she heard? Or was it her imagination? She shrugged it off. They were going to an outdoor mall, so if they got rained on they got rained on. Besides, with so many stores one of them was bound to have an umbrella if she needed.

Once she had arrived, she greeted her friends cheerfully. They’d all driven over in the old mini van that Monica had saved up for, so Skylar was last to arrive. They didn’t mind though. Her friends had grabbed drinks at Starbucks. Her best friend, Christina, had of course bought her a vanilla bean Frappuccino for her so she’d be included.

“Aw, thanks so much! Let me finish this really quick,” Skylar said happily as she downed her tea, tossing the bottle before taking the Frap.

“Sure thing, its so humid today,” Christina said “we better stay hydrated”

The girls agreed, sipping their drinks happily as they walked through the outdoor mall. They went over styles, discussing various dresses and outfits they liked. They wandered in and out of stores, trying on outfits. The heat and humidity drove them to get waters and juices and cokes throughout their trip. The other three girls had stopped for bathroom breaks twice now, but Skylar always opted to stay outside and hold their bags.

“God, how big is your bladder anyway?” Monica laughed “I almost peed my pants while that girl was zipping that dress for me!”

“I don’t know,” Skylar laughed back “I’ve always been able to hold it pretty well, I guess.”

Truth be told, Skylar wasn’t a huge fan of public toilets. They were smelly and dirty and the gap between the doors and underneath always made it feel like she was peeing in full view of everyone in the bathroom. Besides, they were almost done shopping. She could wait until she was back home.

At least, that’s what she assumed. What she didn’t count on was running into Courtney Higgins while they were shopping. It wasn’t that Courtney was a bad person, but…she was particular. Especially so about clothes, and since it was such an important party coming up she was absolutely in Perfectionist Mode. When she joined their group, it easily added another two hours of detailed shopping for the perfect dress. And the perfect shoes. And the perfect accessories. And the perfect makeup. And the perfect back up outfit just in case.

And Skylar was absolutely dying. She sat on a fluffy armchair in the waiting area of what she swore was the fifteenth changing room as Courtney tried on about twelve pairs of jeans that made her butt look exactly the same. She had her legs pressed tightly together, determined not to cross them or fidget. Her friends would catch on and take another bathroom break and she really, really didn’t want to have to use the mall bathrooms.

Oh God…! I have to pee soooo bad… Skylar thought as she shifted her weight in the chair. Her bladder was full and tight inside her, the shift sending a painful spasm through it. She grit her teeth, jiggling her leg up and down.

“I wish Courtney would hurry this up,” Amberly sighed, fidgeting with boredom herself, “We’ve already got our outfits…”

“She already has her outfit too,” Christina said irritably, “she just wants like twenty-three backups just in case she changes her mind.”

“Do we need to really sit here for this?” Monica mused

“Guys, be nice, it would hurt her feelings if we ditched her,” Amberly sighed.

“I do have to go soon though,” Skylar added. Back to her house, yes…but more importantly to a toilet.

“Hey what do you think about this pair?” Courtney asked, modeling her jeans

“Yeah, those look good” Monica said “But my mom, like, JUST called me and said I need to be home in like an hour…”

“Yeah,” Amberly added, jumping at the opportunity “And Monica was our ride so…”

“Boo, that sucks,” Courtney said, “well, I’ll buy these and we’ll head out. Want to grab Starbucks before we go?”

“Yeah, that sounds great,” Christina said happily.

No! Oh god no it doesn’t! Thought Skylar as she shivered, the thought of putting more liquid in her body made her bladder scream. Courtney went back to change, coming back out a few minutes later with her pair of jeans so she could check out.

Oh no…I…I have to stand up Skylar thought as a sheen of cold sweat broke out over her body. She swallowed as everyone else got to their feet with no trouble. She had to make it look like that too. Slowly, she rolled herself up to stand. Her bladder did not appreciate that one bit. It sent a painful tremor up her spine, making her gasp and bend over, grabbing the arm of the chair for support.

“You okay Sky?” Christina asked right before Skylar grabbed herself between the legs. She managed to halt the movement, pretending to adjust her skirt instead

“Y-yeah, my leg was just asleep” she lied, but Christina nodded and turned around to go with the other girls. Skylar stood still for a moment, barely breathing.

Ohhh…I’m so full…I have to pee RIGHT NOW! She thought, desperation making her tremble. The group was already near the check out line, which Skylar noted with a groan, was long. She had to get through it though. She couldn’t have an accident in the store. She’d wait until after and just use the Starbucks bathroom. They were usually nice enough, and this was an emergency.

Skylar took a hesitant step toward the line, but the moment she did, her bladder gave another hard throb. She bit her lip and shoved both hands between her legs, squeezing herself with all her might.

Aaaah! Oh no no no…! I..I can feel my pee…its right about to come out!

Her legs twisted together on their own as she felt hot pee travel down her urethra and she jammed her fingers against her hole as hard as she could. Another sensation throbbed between her legs, but it wasn’t the need she was experiencing. It…was pleasure. That…that felt good, to touch herself like that with her bladder about to burst. The confusion gave her a moment of clarity, a moment where she was able to regain a little control over her bladder. She swallowed hard and walked, quite stiffly, to where her friends were standing in line. They thought nothing of it, as they figured it was just her sleepy leg making her walk so stiffly.

Waiting in line was agony. Skylar bit her lips red, trying to keep her moans whimpers stifled. Her body shook with the effort of holding back her pee and keeping her potty dancing to a minimum. She couldn’t stand still even if she wanted to. Her bladder throbbed as she resigned to stand still, legs pressed tightly together but not crossed. Not yet. Suddenly, a crack of thunder echoed overhead, making all her friends jump and gasp from shock. Skylar was no exception to this; however, her shock wasn’t the thunder so much as it was the hot burst of pee that came jetting from between her legs.

No! No no no! Oh god I’m peeing! I’m peeing right here!

She crossed her legs tightly and jammed her fingers against her spurting pee hole.

Nnnn…it’s coming out so fast…

And indeed, it was, she was nearly pissing at full force. Her bladder was so full it was all going to come out at once and make a huge, shimmering yellow puddle on the white tiled floor of the boutique shop…

But it didn’t. By some miracle, she managed to stop the flow. She got her thighs and hand all wet in the process, her panties were completely soaked, but there was only a few drops that had splattered against the floor. She shivered, trying not to breathe so hard as her friends all giggled about the fright they had, oblivious to Skylar’s tiny accident.

I peed…I totally just peed right now…not all the way but it came out…

She shivered, biting her lip as she walked forward with the group. Her bladder wasn’t so rock solid anymore, and she felt like she could breathe a little easier. For a moment, she wondered if that brief release had been enough to let her make it home. She didn’t quite feel the urge as bad. Just as she was building some confidence on the matter, rain began to pour against the roof, splashing down the windows outside.

Oh fuck…she thought, eyes widening at the downpour. The sound…the sight of the water flooding down the window…Her bladder pounded. Her rapidly chilling wet panties teased her opening and she bit her cheek as a few greedy drops of pee warmed them right back up again. By the time Courtney had paid for her jeans, Skylar was dripping pee into her panties near constantly. With each dribble, she felt a tingling sense of pleasure and relief. She was certain she was leaving a little trail from the counter to the door, but she dared not to look. And, she consoled herself, even if she was there were so many people running in from the rain that the floor was getting wet anyway.

“What should we do?” Courtney wondered as they hesitated by the door “make a run for it?”

Oh right. Starbucks. In her crisis, Skylar had completely forgot. She’d been so focused on not letting her bladder loose all over the pretty white floor that she’d forgot about the plan for Starbucks. And running? Could she do that? She squeezed her muscles tight and pressed her legs together. It didn’t feel quite so full…and Starbucks was only seven stores down, a straight shot up the pathway.

I…I can make it Skylar resolved I have to make it. I’ll go to the bathroom in Starbucks, its just right there…I can hold it and run. I’ll run right into the bathroom.

“Let’s go,” Skylar said “It’s not that far, we won’t get like, super wet.”

Her friends agreed and they stepped outside under the awning, planning their dash.

“On the count of three!” Amberly said

Oh god its so cold…my bladder is shaking…

“One…”

Aaaah…my pee! I feel like its going to come out again…

“Two…”

No…no not yet…aaaah…ohhh its warm…

“Three!”

They took off in a sprint, Skylar running in a desperate haze right along with them. Her hazel eyes focused on the Starbucks ahead. The bathroom was there. She could pee in there. She barely noticed how the cool summer rain soaked her skin and clothes, but she did notice the spurts of pee that burst out of her with each step that crashed against the wet concrete floor. They reached the Starbucks in mere moments, ducking under the awning.

“Guess we weren’t the only ones with this idea,” Monica chuckled as the line wrapped outside to where they stood.

“We’re totally soaked,” Amberly sighed, “Oh well.”

Their conversation fell on Skylar’s deaf ears. She stood behind them, gripping her shopping bags. She had intended on running right past the line, right inside to the bathrooms, but she just couldn’t make it that far.

Standing there, right beside all her friends, as they chatted and laughed about the rain, Skylar’s bladder burst. A torrent of golden pee sprayed out from between her legs. She had no choice but to spread them a little in her body’s natural move to void the entire contents of her bladder. It hissed loudly, the only sound Skylar could hear, and splashed into a rain puddle below her. She gripped her shopping bags tight, looking down as she watched in horror as rivulets of pee streamed down the inside of her legs, creating warmth inside her flats.

It’s…coming out…it’s all coming out…

“Ahhhh…” Skylar sighed softly, eyes fluttering shut as she gave into the warm relief spreading through her body.

It feels so good…I’m peeing and it feels so good…

She felt like she could pee forever, so much was coming out. She shivered, from the pleasure of release rather than the cold, feeling her skin prickle. She pushed her muscles, making sure her pee sprayed out hard and fast. She had to swallow back a moan as a pleasurable sensation tickled hot between her legs. She recognized that sharp sensation, and it made her blush. The last of her pee trickled out, leaving her breathing heavy. And then she remembered she’d just done this in front of her closest friends. She swallowed thickly, looking slowly up at her companions for their reaction. After all, she’d just totally pissed herself like a toddler in front of them and an entire Starbucks line.

They were all still chatting amongst themselves. Skylar blinked. She’d just stood there and peed, she peed an entire ocean it seemed, and they hadn’t noticed a thing. She stood upright, licking her lips. It was raining really loud, and a lot of people were chatting in the line. Could that sound have covered the waterfall that had gushed from her? And the ground and her clothes were already wet. It covered any stains or smell...She let out a sigh. She just peed, in front of everyone, and it went entirely undetected. She shifted her bags around. Her bladder was happily empty, no longer giving her sharp signals, but she still felt a throbbing heat between her legs. Realization made her blush

Oh my god…peeing like that got me totally worked up…I guess…I guess it did feel really, really good…

Thinking about how good it felt to pee made her shiver, the heated throbbing growing worse. She was dying to touch herself, but she knew there was no way she could get away with THAT in line around everyone. She pressed her thighs together, sighing at the slight pleasure the pressure gave. Well…she was just going to have go straight home after this drink and sort that all out, wasn’t she?

