Ja'Lana in the uromancer's lair - part 1

Author: spoilerman

*000*2020-12-12 22:39

Sequel to my previous two stories:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/46090-jalana-and-the-kidnappers/?do=embed"

- and

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63878-jalana-return-of-the-brotherhood/?do=embed"

This one is going to be long so i'm splitting it in two and posting the first part while i finish working on the second. hope you like it

Ja’Lana in the uromancer’s lair

After the ritual was completed, Ja'Lana was escorted to her quarters: a small room with just a bed, a table and chair…and barred windows.

Her cell.

Despite the looks of it, she was not being detained as the door was unlocked and left wide open, just to mock her.

She spent a couple hours sitting in a corner, immobile.

Thinking that all she wanted was to be left alone and now, because of her stupid idea, she was a slave forced to work for those that wanted her dead just a month prior, chained to their devious whim by the most humiliating spell she had ever experienced.

She was so caught in her own depression that she didn’t hear the tiny footsteps approaching, nor she noticed the tiny shadow moving towards her until it was standing right next to her shoulder.

«Hey, don’t be like that» said Malina putting her arm around her shoulders «I know that Gabby sounded harsh with that “we MIGHT decide not to kill you” thing, but I’m being honest right now, we like you…I…like you.»

Ja’Lana snapped out of her daze and slowly turned her head towards the squeaky voice «Wh…what?»

The goblin gave her the warmest of her smiles «I’m serious. And I don’t mean physically…well…i don’t mean JUST physically, I mean as a person.

You had the balls to try and steal our contract, that’s commendable.»

Ja’Lana smiled awkwardly «She…well…thanks?»

It took her a couple of seconds to realize that Malina just confessed that she found her attractive, and when the concept fully sank in she couldn’t help but smile even more awkwardly «She is…flattered but you must know that she doesn’t…well…» «Swing that way?» Malina giggled «oh I wouldn’t be so sure of that, after all you were quite into it yesterday.» Ja'Lana couldn’t help but stiffen up, she had been thinking quite a bit about that situation, about those weird feelings that she, initially, blamed on the mysterious aphrodisiac that Malina, allegedly, used on her. However, the drug had certainly lost its effects by now and yet, every time she thought back at those moments, she felt something weird stirring inside of her.

Noticing her spacing out, Malina playfully nudged her cheek «Besides I won’t force you to do anything major like eat me out or anything, I’m just going to have my fair share of fun while this deal lasts. Especially since I have these to play with…» she raised her left hand, the runes on her glove started to glow a pale blue. When she pinched the air like it was a stiff nipple, Ja'Lana felt it.

She felt her nipples stiffening under the tease of tiny invisible fingers, that weird stirring of emotions deep down and she felt her mound grow moist.

«See, these gloves don’t just work on your bladder, they work on every part of your body that’s covered in those runes. That includes this little fella down here» Ja'Lana felt ghost fingers teasing her clit and couldn’t suppress a moan «OOH! What the…» the invisible fingers were firm but gentle, almost like they were giving her clitoris a relaxing massage «Don’t…please…this feels so weird…» her mind raced back when she was forced to come in that orphanage, first by Malina’s small hand then by Grelod stiff broom. She remembered feeling weird back then too, yet, she now longed for that weirdness, she wanted more.

Then she noticed. She noticed that the ghost fingers weren’t the ones rubbing her clit.

She was doing it on her own.

She was shocked that, in a situation like this one, she would do such a thing, she wondered if that was another effect of the gloves but Malina quickly showed her that the gloves were not doing anything and that the runes weren’t glowing anymore.

The tingling sensation in her pelvis snapped her back to reality, shocking her with the revelation that she was still teasing herself. Abruptly, she stopped and looked down at her hand, now shining with her love juices, taking her time analyzing the situation, trying to make sense of all this. Was she into women? Was she into both? Then she looked back at the smiling goblin girl standing near her.

Malina didn’t say a thing, she just stared in her eyes for what seemed to be an eternity, she then gently grabbed her moist hand and put it in her mouth, sensually sucking on the wet furry fingers.

The runes began to glow, Ja'Lana’s nipples hardened, her pussy started to drip.

She just closed her eyes and moaned.

Her free hand started moving without notice, caressing the goblin’s cheek, feeling her breasts, then it flowed down, blindly looking for an opening in Malina’s skintight suit.

She heard a zipper being pulled down and a tiny hand guiding her fingers.

She felt her hand being enveloped by a warm and wet cave.

She felt Malina suck harder as Ja'Lana’s fingers moved faster and faster, her thumb now teasing the small hard clitoris, while her own mound was being assaulted by hundred of tiny ghost tongues and her nipples being pulled by invisible strings and tickled by ethereal feathers.

Ja'Lana tensed her legs, arched her back and let out a moan so loud it shook the windows.

Malina collapsed on the Khajiit’s lap with a satisfied smile on her face, her whole body feeling like mush

«That…» she panted «…that was amazing» she pulled herself up and looked Ja'Lana straight in the eyes, but noticing the mixture of confusion, joy and fear in the captive Khajiit she quickly realized what she had done

«I’m…I’m sorry…I got carried away…are you alright? I… Gods, what did I do?»

She sprung to her feet and was about to run out of the room when Ja'Lana finally responded

«Wait…just…wait…this one is…» she looked down at herself, at the results of that experience «…she…didn’t…dislike this but…she needs some time to…sort things out…it’s all so weird and new…just…» she tried to think of something to break the awkwardness but she could only come up with «don’t blame yourself for this…it’s not the worst thing you did to her after all.»

She ended that cringey statement with a giggle which helped, but not much.

Malina regained her composure and, stifling a sniffle, continued «Yeah, that would be the whole slave ritual. I…I’m sorry, I was incredibly unprofessional just now…i got…carried away.» she cleared her throat «I actually came here because our boss, Astrid, summoned us both. Apparently she wants to send you out sooner than we expected. I’ll…I’ll go on ahead, you can take a few minutes if you need.»

Ja'Lana slowly stood up «Nonsense, she is fine, besides, she is your prisoner and you need to keep her in check…also…she doesn’t know the place so you need to show her around, the sooner we do this the sooner she will be free.» she gently ushered Malina to lead the way with a smile.

The sanctuary was grim but weirdly cozy, torches lit the hallways giving the whole place an ominous yet familiar atmosphere. It took them a few minutes to reach Astrid’s chambers but, as Malina was about to knock on the door, Babette opened it from the inside, with near perfect timing.

«Good, she finally made it» commented a blonde woman sitting near a fireplace «Babette has been opening that damned door every time she heard footsteps in the hallway, glad to see she finally found you girls on the other side.» the vampire scowled at those words «Oh, you HAD to shay that, didn’t you?!» both Ja'Lana and Malina snickered, the weirdness of their escapades finally behind them

«So, Astrid» chimed in the goblin with renewed glee «Do you have something for her already? We barely completed the ritual, don’t you think we should wait a bit?»

The blonde leader of the brotherhood sighed «If it was up to me, yes, I would have waited, we still have no idea what this cat is actually capable of and...well, I’m not going to sugarcoat it, looks like this task is going to be hard.»

Ja'Lana swallowed nervously

«However» Astrid stood up and approached the two «Our new friend is pressuring me to get this thing done and we can’t simply deny her that. After all she gave us all the materials and the knowledge for the ritual for free.»

Ja'Lana looked at her, puzzled «She?»

«The wishard that prepared the ritual for ush.» explained Babette «She came to requesht our services two weeksh ago, she tried to barter shervicesh with us but, at the time, we didn’t really need them. Then we dishcovered your shcheme and shtruck a deal with her. A ritual to keep you in sch…in ssshc…in scheck in exschange for our ssshupport in whatever that girl needsh to accomplischhh» Malina and Ja'Lana winced while slightly crossing their legs

«Babette» interceded Astrid who was discreetly holding a hand between her legs «I’m seriously considering the possibility of forbidding you to talk until your teeth have grown back. That lisp of yours is…distracting to say the least.»

Babette’s scowl deepened «Oh, I’m shhhhhhhhho shhhhhhhhhhorry» she taunted «how inconssssssssshiderate of me to loshe my teeth! I’ll be sssssssshure to ssssshpeak as little as possssssssssshible! If you need me I’ll be in my chambersssssssh taking a NISSSSSCHE SSSSSSSSSSHOWER» she stomped out of the room, enjoying the sight of the three women now visibly desperate and openly crossing their legs.

«As…ahem…as I was saying, the wizard is waiting for us in the lobby but before we go see her» Astrid quickly paced towards a door in the back of the room, legs pressed together «toilets are this way…damned vampire brat…» both Malina and Ja'Lana heard that last whisper and chuckled, then quickly followed her.

The wizard, a bright blue haired Altmer, was patiently sitting at a table, head hanging low and hands tucked in her blue robe’s ample sleeves, her bronze skin creating a nice color contrast.

As soon as Astrid entered the room, the mage sprung up «Lady Astrid» she bowed «do you have good news? Has my request been accepted?» as soon as the elf stood up, Ja'Lana started doubting in her knowledge of wizard robes, as the young elf was only wearing what seemed to be the top part of a blue silk robe, and even that left the underside of her breasts completely exposed.

The rest of her “outfit” consisted of a black leather corset that tightly wrapped around her flat belly and what could only be considered a blue silk foulard hanging from it, completely failing to hide the fact that she wasn’t wearing any underwear, and whose only other purpose was to (poorly) cover her crotch and her left butt cheek.

Astrid motioned to the two girls following her «Miss Haylindel, these are the women I spoke you about, Malina, Ja'Lana, this is Haylindel, “the cerulean sparkle”, from the College of Winterhold.» the elf approached them revealing yet another weird piece of clothing: her boots which, despite being knee-high, had no shoe and closed on her bare feet with a black leather stirrup. Malina didn’t even try to hide the fact that she was eyeing her feet nor the cat-calling whistle she let out at their sight.

Haylindel instinctively covered herself, as if she was embarrassed by the outfit she chose to wear but quickly put up a haughty expression and looked at them like they were sacks of potatoes.

She then noticed the runes on Malina’s gloves and Ja'Lana’s body and frowned, turning her attention to Astrid

«This khajiit.» she gave Ja'Lana a worried look «She is the one you used my ritual on? I’m sorry but, if that’s the case, I can’t accept her help. She simply will not do.»

Astrid crossed her arms and scowled

«Look, lady, this isn’t a brothel, you get what I decide you get. Ja'Lana, here, is filling in for Malina’s usual partner in this kind of missions. You are not in a position to be picky about it.»

«I’m not trying to be picky I’m telling you she CANNOT be of use in this situation. She…»

Astrid grabbed her by the collar of her “robes”

«Now hear me, and hear me well. Consider yourself lucky I’m even sending THEM to help you, given that you refuse to explain what exactly you need us to do beside calling this a “difficult and crucial task”.»

Haylindel tried to intercede but Astrid interrupted her yet again

«And before you ask, NO, I’m not sending Malina alone with you for the same goddamned reason. So you either take BOTH of them with you or you walk out of here before SOMEONE puts a contract on your head.»

«But, you don’t under…»

«Out! Get OUT! By Sithis!» Shouted Astrid pointing at the door.

Given no other choice, Haylindel gestured the two girls «Let’s go then, I sure hope you girls will live up to the Dark Brotherhood’s standards»

«Actually…this one is not rea…AHCK!» Ja'Lana’s complaint was cut short by an invisible hand briefly squeezing her bladder, when she looked at her goblin companion she could see her slowly shaking her head, suggesting her to be quiet about her actual status in the brotherhood. The runes in her ears started to vibrate and Malina’s voice echoed in her mind

«We can’t let her know that you are not a member, we asked for her help with the excuse of a problematic sister. Please, if she discovers this it would undermine the brotherhood’s status, you WILL be fine I ‘ll make sure of it…please trust me»

With that, Ja'Lana nodded and followed the wizard outside the sanctuary.

They traveled north for almost a few hours, in complete silence. Haylindel was outright ignoring every question Malina was pestering her with, and only spoke to the two to tell them to wait for a moment.

After that she would become invisible and reappear a minute or two later, ready to start marching again.

This ended up being so frustrating that the Malina started asking the obnoxious “Are we there yet?” every minute, until the elf finally got fed up, shouted at her to shut her mouth and told them to make camp for the night.

They ate in silence under the stars, after dinner Malina decided to try again to break the ice

«So…»

«I swear to Magnus, the next words to come out of your mouth better not be “are we there yet” or so help me…»

«I was about to ask you: where exactly are we going. We left Falkreath’s hold borders behind us three hours ago, are you going to drag us all the way to Winterhold? Because, if that’s the case, we should pay for a carriage. I’m not wasting a week to get there on foot.»

Ja'Lana caught a little glimmer in the goblin’s eyes as a smirk started to form on her olive face

«Speaking of feet…» in the blink of an eye she was crouching near Haylindel left foot «What’s with your boots? Isn’t it uncomfortable to walk around barefoot? Are your feet made of steel or something?»

Haylindel’s eye twitched with every question

«It’s none of your business, depends and NO! They are not made of steel! They are FEET. They are made of FEET!»

The young elf cupped her hands over her face

«What’s with you people and questions? I told you I need your help and that everything would be revealed at our destination! Please STOP ASKING!»

Ja'Lana took a sip from her water skin and noticed Haylindel twitching imperceptibly, then placed her hand on Malina’s shoulder

«This one thinks this is enough playing around, no? You can drop the innocent act now, she isn’t falling for it.» she moved her gaze on the elf trying to sound as professional and used to these situations as an actual assassin would be

«Look, Astrid may have agreed to a “no questions asked” deal, even if that’s very odd for her, but she isn’t here now, WE are. So you either tell us everything right now or we both turn around and go home. Your choice.»

For a few seconds, Haylindel weighted her options then, with a deep sigh, she nodded.

«Fine, I’ll tell you. But you must first SWEAR that NOTHING of what I’m about to say will ever, EVER, leave this campsite. You…you guys have like a religion thing with this, right? So…you should be like priests and keep confessions secret…right?»

Malina chuckled «Well, calling us priests is a bit too much but, alright, we promise that we won’t say anything»

«And that…» Haylindel stuttered «And that you won’t laugh.» the girls stared blankly at her but then gave her a confused nod.

Haylindel sighed again «Alright. Here is the thing. I…am cursed.»

«Does the curse involve that you take a piss every half an hour?» Ja'Lana asked bluntly and, at the sight of the elf’s surprised face, added

«You thought of becoming invisible but you clearly didn’t think of masking odors. I could smell you every time and let me tell you, that wasn’t normal.»

«Don’t…rush things…please. It’s already hard to explain as it is.» Malina was now legitimately worried «Is it that bad?» the mage nodded

«It’s…well, let’s start from the beginning. A few months ago, I was studying at the College and came upon a really old book, well…more of a bundle of old notes, tucked away in our library. Those notes contained partial instructions for a ritual that, if performed correctly, would grant immense power to the one performing it. Unfortunately the spells were incomplete, the circles faded ages ago…»

She took a sip from her tankard

«I was stupid. I thought that I could handle it, that I could piece it together and perform this ritual alone...at night...without telling any of the teachers or my fellow students.

I…grabbed a faulty soul gem…accidentally scraped some of the runes…didn’t light up the room enough…the whole room simply exploded.

It’s a miracle I wasn’t kicked out just for that…the teachers…they thought the “results” were a good enough punishment for what I did, They refused to help me sort this out and told me I had to do it myself.

And…I actually think I’m close to a solution, I just need you two to help me…»

«Please tell her this isn’t something that needs a living sacrifice.» interceded Ja'Lana rolling her eyes

«No, that would have been much easier to pull off. I know a guy that knows a guy…anyway, I need your help to get something from the only mage I found that actually knows anything about this ritual.

It’s the same mage that wrote the notes but…let’s say she isn’t the generous type. According to the arch-mage she left the college one hundred years ago, disappearing in the mountains between Morthal and Dawnstar.

She went so far to change her name to “the Mistress of the Spring” so nobody could find her, but I did!»

«So…» Malina cut in rising a hand «you hired the DARK BROTHERHOOD to STEAL something? You realize there is a guild of thieves in Riften that has better prices? You should have…»

«They don’t kill» Haylindel interrupted her «I can’t be certain this can be done without killing and I need someone that, if the need arises, can kill without remorse. This mage…she isn’t a regular mage. She is an arch-uromancher»

«A what now?» asked a confused Ja'Lana «Uro…what? What does she use? Let’s see» she started to count on her fingers «Pyro is fire…crio is ice…»

«Urine» Malina answered bluntly, leaving Ja'Lana speechless

«U-urine?! As in piss?!»

Haylindel twitched again

«She uses PISS MAGIC?»

Another twitch

«Since when is there such a thing as PISS magic?»

Haylindel bit her lip «Can you…stop repeating that?»

«What? Piss?»

The elf jammed a hand between her legs «YES!» this time it was Malina that took the lead

«Is there a reason why we can’t say PISS?»

Haylindel started to cross her legs

«Listen, you need to be honest with us, if that curse had ANY effect you aren’t telling us, we can’t guarantee our success. We need to know anything that could jeopardize this thing, including whatever happens when someone says “piss” to your face. So ple…»

She was interrupted by the sound of water hitting the dirt, Haylindel had rolled back her eyes and started peeing right then and there, in front of the two assassins.

The elf peed for 3 minutes straight then let out a sigh of relief «S…sorry…this…is the curse…»

«you have to go every time someone says p… »

«DON’T!» shouted the elf «don’t say that again. PLEASE. It’s not just what you saw right now…i…i can’t hold it. I mean AT ALL.

If it wasn’t for this enchanted corset I would be constantly…you know…anyway, even if I just went, if you were to say that word again or…use other stimuli…i would have to go again.»

Ja'Lana was shocked «Every time?» the mage nodded

«Yes. That’s the curse. Well…i call it a curse but it’s actually a botched uromancer ritual. Theoretically the blasted thing would have granted me a power boost depending on how full my bladder was with no negative effects…with those scraped runes and the wrong soul gem…it…well it kinda worked. I AM more powerful the more desperate I am but…»

She let out another sigh, suddenly, the purpose of her weird choice of attire became clear as she lifted her “skirt” to pee again

«My bladder can’t hold anything. Ever. I can have a semblance of normality by wearing this corset but I still have to…“do my business” more often than a regular person and when I have to go I can’t waste time with flowing robes or tied pants…it’s not like I like going around like a slut but I’d rather be considered an exhibitionist whore than constantly smelling like PISS!»

The water hit the dirt again but Haylindel kept talking like nothing happened

«I need your help in this, I can’t simply go knocking at her door, she…she is suspected to have kidnapped and killed innocent townsfolk to use as test subjects. According to my teachers not only she left a hundred years ago but she was a hold hag when she did.

No way she was able to live this long without some sort of magic ritual.»

Ja'Lana slowly put her water skin away, being extra careful not to make the water slosh

«How can you be certain it’s her?» she asked «Maybe it’s another pi…uromancer.»

Haylindel shook her head «Impossible, there have been very few of them in the history of magic. It’s a practice that has a high reward and an even higher risk. Furthermore in the last century guards from both Morthal and Dawnstar reportedly found desiccated bodies in the frozen forests. Almost as if every ounce of water had been drained from them. To the average guard, peasant and even Jarl those remain odd deaths but to a mage that studied that practice…that’s the work of an uromancer for sure.

Someone has been draining those poor souls of every drop of liquid for some reason, and it’s not hard to guess what it could be: it’s probably the Mistress’ doing.

She must have found a way to convert…“fluids” into life force. Look, let’s just go to sleep for the night, tomorrow we should be nearing her lair and I will think of a plan to…»

«YOU DON’T HAVE A PLAN YET?!»

Malina shouted so suddenly that ended up startling both Ja'Lana and Haylindel, who actually fell backwards from the stump she was sitting on ending up with her back on the ground, her feet up on the stump and her “skirt” rolled up, completely exposing her pussy.

Malina immediately noticed her now exposed soles and Ja'Lana could see that lustful look in her eyes once more.

«Alright, this is enough» said the goblin while sitting on the stump, holding Haylindel’s legs down with soles nearing her face

«You don’t give us any details, you admit you don’t have a plan AND you just now mention a crippling curse that could very much render you helpless in the heat of the moment.»

She lowered her head towards the mage’s left sole and sniffed it

«Now, how about you tell us everything while I help you relax after this loooong day?»

With that, she started to clean her feet from the dirt while sneaking in some massages and kissing her toes.

She expected Haylindel to resume talking, to protest or maybe to moan a bit.

She didn’t expect her to start laughing.

«Nohoho….wahihihit…dohohohon’t! IT THIHIHICKLES!»

Haylindel was desperately clawing the ground, slamming her fists and even pulling her own hair.

Then Ja'Lana noticed her pointing a finger at the now entranced goblin avidly lapping the balls of her feet.

Looking in utter shock as the mages belly bloated under the corset and sparks started forming around her fingernail

«HAHAHA…SPAHAHAHARKS!»

In a split second, Ja'Lana was on her, bending her arm and pointing it away from her friend while shouting at her «Malina, STOP! SNAP OUT OF IT!»

In the midst of frenzied laughter, a lightning bolt sparked from the mage’s finger and hit a nearby oak, splitting it in half.

This managed to get Malina’s attention away from the soft feet she had been worshiping

«What the fu…? WERE YOU POINTING THAT AT ME?! ARE YOU INSANE?!» she firmly wrapped her legs around Haylindel’s knees immobilizing her legs while Ja'Lana pinned her upper body down, forcing her arms apart and her palms on the ground, just to be safe.

«Alright elf, now you are going to tell us EVERYTHING!» ordered the goblin

«This one is also curious about what happened to your belly» added Ja'Lana pointing her tail at the now exposed underside of Haylindel’s waist.

The elf swallowed nervously «Now…let’s all calm down it…it was an accident…a simple misunderstanding. I didn’t mean to KYAHAHAHA…»

Ja'Lana was now brushing her tail against her belly

«Her friend told you to SPEAK, not to waste our time. This belly of yours inflated when you were about to cast a spell and it hasn’t gone back to normal. Are you charging another spell?»

The tickling intensified as Ja'Lana’s tail found a way under the leather corset, stroking the bellybutton

«NOHOHOOH! WAHAHAHAIT! I SWEHEHEHAR I’M NOHOHOT!»

«Then turn your belly back to normal and prove it!» Malina shouted

«I CHAHAHAHAN’T! NOHOHOT SO SHOHOHOHOON…GOHOHODS AHAHABOHOHOVE!»

Malina had started licking the balls of her right foot and tickling her left one while Ja'Lana’s tail was skittering everywhere under the elf’s corset

«NOHOHO! YOU DOHOHOHON’T UNDHEHERSTAHAHAND! YOU ARE GONNA MAKE MEHEHEHE PEEHEHEHEHE!»

«Good idea!» exclaimed Ja'Lana «Maybe that will make your belly go back to normal. Malina, will you help this one help our friend relieve herself?» the goblin smirked and nodded.

The tickling intensified as the assassins started teasing the elf in unison

«pssss pssss pssss…come on let it go dear…» hissed Malina

«kssssssh…don’t let this one distract you, she is just remembering the big waterfall she saw in Markarth…and all those rivers…psssssh…don’t mind her…psssssssssssssh…» Ja'Lana’s tail was now pressing down her bellybutton.

Haylindel tried to cross her legs but Malina didn’t like that idea, so she forced them open and tied them to the sides of the stump, then went back tickling her feet, all the while hissing profusely.

«PLEHEHEHEASE! NOHOHOHO! NOT THE HISSHIHIHIHING! NOT THE HIHIHISSHIHIHING! Nononononononohohoh…»

With that her bladder gave out but, to the surprise of both her tortures, the liquid that came out was neon blue

«noooo…what have you done?» sobbed the elf as her belly deflated.

Ja'Lana and Malina untied her legs and helped her up, she was incredibly weak for some reason

«What…what was that?» asked Ja'Lana

«My...Magika…fine…I’ll tell you everything.» they all sat back around the campfire, the blue puddle still glowing on the ground.

Haylindel looked woozy, desperately rummaging in her satchel and pulling out a blue flask

«This…huff…this is a restoring potion…i need it…I’ll faint if I don’t drink it…» the two girls sternly nodded and she gulped the potion down in one go

«Haaa… haa…thank you…so, the whole story...right. The botched ritual didn’t cause just the problems I told you before. It changed something in me.»

She paused catching her breath again as the potion finally took effect.

«As I told you, I should have gained power based on my bladder fullness and, while that still somewhat happens, my bladder doesn’t fill itself of pee when I’m casting a spell.

The ritual made so that my very magika flows in my bladder to empower my spells. You can understand how that complicates things, especially when it also gave me a bladder as weak as wet paper.

I simply CANNOT engage in a full on battle with the Mistress, she would immediately put things together and force the piss out of me, rendering me as weak as a baby.

Who knows what would she do to me afterwards.» she peed again, this time it was yellow.

«No, I need to play this smart…WE need to play this smart. It’s true I don’t have a plan but… it’s not like you can find the blueprints of her secret lair in your local book store...I was hoping you could come up with something once we had reached the place. We just need to find a way in, locate her lab and I’ll find the book I need in no time. After that we get out of there and it will all be done.»

Malina stared at her blankly, letting her statement sink in

«So...we need to find her hidden lair»

Haylindel nodded

«Find her laboratory, inside said lair»

She nodded again

«And then YOU will look for a particular book to undo this ritual of yours. All the while avoiding being detected by an evil mage that can suck the life out of our piss. Did I miss something?»

«No..that’s pretty much it»

«And we need to do this while escorting a mage that can’t hear the word “piss”, can’t get tickled, can’t hear hissing sounds and whose weak points are fully exposed because she can’t wear normal clothes anymore.»

«hmm hmm…» confirmed the elf as more pee hit the dirt

«Astrid told us this wouldn’t be easy…» Malina looked at Ja'Lana «What do you think? I’m not so sure about this anymore…»

Ja'Lana pondered for a bit then puffed her chest up and hit it with her fist

«Oh, this one can handle it, this is not the first time she sneaks in a creepy lair, why, last year she…»

«Actually no, you CAN’T handle this.»

Haylindel cut in «This is what I was trying to tell your boss. Those tattoos are uromantic seals. If the mistress catches a glimpse of them she will use them against you, and I’m sure you already know what those things can do.

Holding it in will be impossible for you, unless…»

She looked at Malina’s gloves

«Give me your hands here and, Ja'Lana, lift your shirt and come near me.»

She pulled out a small brush and a bottle of ink from her satchel, inscribing a weird rune on both the gloves and Ja'Lana’s belly causing her to chuckle

«Whahahat are you doing?»

«I hope this will be enough…» she continued «I placed an extra rune on your gloves. It’s temporary since I didn’t have access to the full materials you used in your ritual but until it gets washed off from your gloves and your body, it will allow Malina to use a powerful seal on Ja'Lana’s bladder. That way, no matter what the Mistress does to Ja'Lana, she won’t be able to make her piss herself.

Of course…this only shifts the target onto you, Malina.

If you ever willingly undo the seal, lose consciousness or…or worse…the protection will be broken and the Mistress will be able to access Ja'Lana’s body as she sees fit.

Come to think of it she could even turn her into cattle, making her last way longer than a regular test subject…»

Ja'Lana shivered at the thought but then reassured Haylindel «She will do her best not to get spotted. She doesn’t want her sw…Malina…to be in harms way but she doesn’t want to ditch you either…she knows how it feels to be forced to do humiliating things so she will help you get back to your normal life.»

Malina raised her hand «There is only one thing you must still tell us.»

She pointed at Haylindel’s feet

«Why those boots? I somehow get the rest of your outfit but…if you are that ticklish, why not protect your soles?»

The mage lowered her head and blushed deeply

«You still promise not to laugh? It’s a really dumb reason, even I admit to that…»

They both nodded

«I…I have a foot fetish. That’s it. I just like the feeling of walking barefoot, sometimes I even rub my feet against the grass to…»

She stopped herself, fearing she already said too much.

Malina looked at Ja'Lana and winked, Ja'Lana looked at Malina and shrugged, both of them smiled to each other and looked at Haylindel

«What…what are you doing?» asked the worried elf as the two girls approached her, helped her up and guided her to the bedrolls

«Don’t you worry about us» Ja'Lana reassured her

«We just feel bad for what we did to you just now…even if you WERE about to fry me» continued Malina.

They helped Haylindel lay down on her bedroll and then laid top and tail with her.

Haylindel was about to say something but she was overwhelmed by the two tongues sensually worshiping the balls of her feet, this time being extra careful not to tickle her.

Despite this being Ja'Lana’s first time, she found herself enjoying it.

More than that, she loved to look at Malina’s lustful eyes while she licked the bronze sole like it was a lollipop.

Maybe she did swing that way after all…

They went at it for a few minutes, with Haylindel’s moans and the sounds of her nails scraping the bedroll accompanying them, until both sounds abruptly stopped.

Suddenly, each felt one of their boots being removed, the cool air caressing their bare feet.

Then a tongue

Warm lips

Pleasure.

They all fell asleep shortly after

To be continued in part 2

*002*2020-12-13 00:37

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantasmic can’t wait for chapter 2

}}

I'll start writing it soon, i got the general idea but i need to think of the details :3 i put so much work into my stories, i'm glad people like them

