Tom and Jill meet again

Author: stinklerus

*000*2023-01-17 10:17

Here is another tale of Tom and his older lover Jill. It follows on from the three previous stories I wrote about them, although I was shocked to see how long it had been since I posted the last one (Wet weekend break). Due to circumstances I intend to write this one in chapters. They may not appear regularly but when the opportunity arises. Enjoy.

Chapter 1:-

A month since their last weekend together, Tom and. Jill had arranged another trip away. This time they were going to the coast, to a quiet village with lots of historic sites nearby.Tim had arranged to pick Jill up at the nearest mainline station and they would drive the remainder of the way.

On the appointed day, Tom set off early and reached the big town where he was to meet Jill at the station. He had loads of time before her train arrived so he had a coffee and a wander around before returning to meet her train. Bearing in mind the predicament he had found himself in on their last weekend together he also made sure he used the toilet, as the last thing he wanted to happen was to be caught short on the journey.

Jill’s train duly arrived and she stepped off the train and straight into Tom’s arms. He thought she looked more stunning than ever. Her hair had been styled to perfection and she was wearing a beautiful dress with tight body and flared skirt. Her dress enhanced her curvy figure and he felt a stirring in his groin as soon as he saw her.

After a quick hug and kiss they headed for the car park. Mindful of Jill’s accident in her knickers on their previous date, Tom asked if she was ok to leave or did she need to use the ladies first. Jill replied that she was ok in that respect, but would like to get some water for the car journey, as it was warm and she was quite thirsty. They bought some water and some sweets for the journey and headed off to the car.

Before long they were out of the city and driving along a busy main road . Tom explained that they would be about an hour and a half on that road before their turn off onto much narrower and twisty roads to get to their destination. By his reckoning he estimated that the whole trip would take about two and a half hours. Jill said she didn’t mind, as it was a lovely day and she was enjoying seeing the different countryside and they had lots to chat about. She sat chatting and looking at the passing landscape as she constantly sipped from her water bottle.

After about an hour the traffic seemed to get heavier and then slow down noticeably. Soon they were crawling along in a long queue of cars and lorries. Tom was worried that there had been an accident and that they would be diverted onto smaller roads or held up for ages. Jill was worried too, it for another reason. She had almost finished her bottle of water already and had been intending to ask Tom to stop at the next services, as she was starting to need to pee - rather badly!

End of this chapter but look out for more soon.

*002*2023-01-19 12:13

Chapter 2:-

The traffic continued to crawl along. They found themselves moving a car length at a time. The opposite carriageway was flowing freely, so Tom commented that whatever the hold up was, it was only affecting their side of the road. Jill had gone quiet and was becoming quite concerned, as she was becoming more and more desperate for a pee by the minute. The fact that they were stuck in slow moving traffic and knowing that she couldn’t go only made matters worse. That, along with the fact that she was excited to be with Tom again and looking forward to some sexy fun over the weekend, was also contributing to her increasing need. She hadn’t mentioned how desperate she was to Tom ,but knew she would have to do so soon, as she was at the stage where she was going to have to hold herself shortly or she would leak. She had been trying hard not to show any signs of needing the toilet, but the squeezing of her thighs together and pressing her bottom into the seat was no longer having the necessary effect.

They kept creeping forward, Tom becoming increasingly frustrated and Jill concentrating solely on her filling bladder. Then, when they were at a standstill for the umpteenth time, they saw a man from a car a few vehicles in front of them get out and walk to the edge of the road. He then proceeded to turn away from the traffic, unzip and pee forcibly into the grass. The sight of his pee jetting out and splashing on the ground was almost too much for Jill and she quickly grabbed herself through her skirt before saying go Tom. “Oh, look at him! I wish I could do that. I’ve been bursting for a pee for ages! I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to hold!”

Tom looked across and saw that Jill was looking rather flustered. Having admitted that she was bursting to go she was now making no attempt to hide the fact. She was squeezing herself through her skirt and her legs were squirming and twisting constantly. Tom didn’t know what to say, but the sight of his dear lady so obviously desperate and trying not to wet herself was turning him on big time. The bulge in his trousers made it look as if the car had sprouted another gear stick he was so big and hard. He tried his best to conceal the fact from Jill, but in truth she was so tied up in her own predicament that she didn’t seem to notice. Tom muttered some reassurances before noticing that a few vehicles up ahead were being pulled into a lay-by and that there were loads of policemen and police cars with blue lights flashing .

More to come soon

*003*2023-01-24 11:02

Chapter 3 (apologies for the delay)

The sight of the police activity up ahead helped Jill forget her predicament for a moment. There was a policeman standing in the road talking to each driver as they passed. Some vehicles were being waved on whilst others were directed into a lay-by. Tom commented that they would most likely be waved through, as the car, although by no means new, was in tip top condition and he kept it clean and shiny. Jill very much hoped this would be the case, as a sudden spasm hit her bladder and made her squirm around frantically. She exclaimed “ Oh I do hope so. I don’t think I can wait much longer. If we get pulled over I’m liable to wet myself! I really need to get to a toilet before it’s too late!”

It didn’t take long before they were the next in the queue. Tom lowered his window as they approached the policeman, while Jill continued to squirm in the passenger seat. The policeman came up to them. He was on older, rather gruff character. Without much in the way of pleasantries he asked where they had come from and where they were going. Tom was in two minds whether to answer or to tell him that it was none of his business, but something in the policeman’s manner stopped him. Instead, mindful of Jill’s condition and not want into cause any further delay, he told the officer where they had started out and where they were heading. The policeman spoke into his radio, relaying the details that Tom had told him. After a few seconds his radio crackled into life with the reply and he asked Tom to pull over into the lay-by.

Jill was now clearly in difficulty. She had a hand permanently thrust into her crotch and was pressing her thighs tight together and breathing in little gasps. Tom looked over and apologised, saying that surely they would be held long, as they had done nothing illegal. Jill gasped a response, saying “ It’s going to b e too late! I really can’t wait much longer! I’m going to pee myself!”

They stopped in the lay-by as Jill tried to regain some degree of composure. There were three policemen there and one had a black Labrador dog on a lead. One officer opened Tom’s door and explained that it was a quick drugs check. He told Tom to get out and stay beside the car before telling Jill that she would have to get out too. The road at this point was slightly elevated on an embankment with a low metal barrier at the edge. He told Jill that once she was out she should go over the barrier and stay on the other side for safety.

Jill could hardly move and knew that if she did so she was going to wet herself! She thought about saying something to the policemen about how desperate she was but then thought the better of it. Instead she gingerly opened her door and with one hand holding her crotch as discreetly as possible she headed for the metal barrier. All was well until she lifted one leg over. The action of spreading her legs apart to cross the barrier was to much for her overworked muscles and to her horror she felt the first spurt of pee jet into her knickers!

More soon

*004*2023-01-25 16:27

Chapter 4:-

Tom watched as Jill headed towards the low metal barrier. He could hardly concentrate on the questions the one police officer was asking him whilst the other lead the dog around and into the car. He saw Jill hesitate as she partially straddled the barrier before heading a short distance down the embankment and sitting in the grass. Somehow he managed to put the thought of her desperate need aside as he answered the questions being fired at him. He was really concern about Jill, as, by her own admission, she seemed to be at the point of wetting herself and he was convinced in his own mind that she would not be able to hold it in much longer. The thought aroused him -big time- but there was no time for such thoughts just now as he dealt as politely as possible with the two police officers.

Th dog handler finally stepped away and indicated to his colleague that all was clear. After a quick check around the vehicle, looking at the tyres and the lights, the officer apologised for any hold up and told Tom that all was well and that they could be on their way. The officers moved in to deal with the next vehicle which had pulled in behind them, and Tom waved to Jill to indicate that they could go. Jill stood up and rearranged her skirt before heading back up the embankment and climbing back over the barrier. Before opening the passenger door and getting in , she opened the rear door instead and reached in for the empty carrier bag that their water bottles and sweets had been in. She took it and closed the back door before opening the door and spreading the bag on the seat. She then gingerly got in, pulling her skirt from under her bottom as she sat down.

Tom had been too busy watching for an opportunity to pull out into the traffic to notice what she had done with her skirt and said. “Hold on dear.It’s only a couple of miles to the services. You’ll soon get to the toilet now.”

Jill looked at him and blushed bright red before saying “I’m sorry Tom, but it’s too late for that. I’m afraid I have already done it -I’ve completely wet myself!”

To be continued

*005*2023-01-26 11:26

Chapter 5:-

Tom glanced over to look at Jill. From the driving seat there was no outward signs of anything amiss, apart from the fact that she was blushing bright red. He muttered that he was sorry, but that he couldn’t do anything about being pulled over for a random check. Jill replied, saying that it wasn’t his fault and that she shouldn’t have had so much tea on the train. She then went on to explain what had happened.

@@”I know that before we got pulled over I said I needed to pee. Well actually that was a severe understatement, as I was absolutely bursting and had been getting more and more desperate by the minute. I didn’t want to say anything earlier as I didn’t want to distress you or make you panic, especially with the police about. I was almost losing control when they directed us over into the lay-by. Then, when they told me to get out and stay behind the barrier I knew that it was too late and that I was definitely going to have to one somehow. As I moved to get out of the car I sensed a leak but I couldn’t very well hold myself then especially in front of a young policeman! It was when I stretched my leg to step over the barrier that it really started and I felt a spurt escape into my knickers. I tried to hold it back, but my poor muscles had had enough and it started to dribble down my thighs. I quickly sat on the grass and pulled my skirt from under me. I was peeing steadily by now so I just sat there and went in my knickers. They are too tight to pull the gusset aside so I just did it through them. We’ll have to stop at the services though, as I need to change them as they are absolutely soaked.”

@@Tom could hardly drive, he was so aroused by what Jill was telling him. The thought of this lovely mature woman beside him sitting there with pee-soaked knickers was almost too much for him. His penis was rock hard and making a huge bulge in his trousers and he was sure that Jill would notice. Luckily they arrived at the services and Tom pulled in to park as close to the building as he could. Jill asked him to open the boot for her so that she could get some fresh knickers out of her case and off she went to change. Tom got out too and went to the gents although he wasn’t really needing to pee. He went into a cubicle and locked the door before unzipping and manoeuvring his still hard penis out of his clothing. He closed his eyes and pictured Jill sitting on the grass, with her pee gushing out of her knickers. He involuntarily started to stroke himself as he imagined her and within seconds he had ejaculated into the toilet. He quickly tidied himself up and went back out to wait for Jill she emerged shorty from the ladies, carrying the plastic bag containing her wet knickers. Tom couldn’t resist putting his arm around her and giving her a quick kiss before the headed to the car.

Once back in the car, Tom asked Jill if she felt better and if it was okay to carry on with their journey. Jill replied by saying that she was fine now and felt nice and comfortable. She went on to say that she had done another pee while in the toilet so would be definitely ok for the rest of the journey. She also said she had rinsed out her knickers and dried them a bit under the hand drier before putting them in the bag and that she would dry them properly later when they reached the hotel.

@@They set off again, although Tom was still extremely turned on by what had happened. His condition wasn’t helped when Jill started Tom tell him something. “ You know” she said, “That experience reminded me of the first real accident I had as an adult, or maybe almost an adult. We were in the final year of school and I would have just turned eighteen. A bunch of us met up in the park one day after school and we were fooling around. Someone had got hold of some cans of cider, although most of us were still underage. We didn’t have much experience of drinking at that time, or at least I didn’t and I had no idea how quickly that stuff goes through you! Not long after drinking a can I really had to pee. It came on me all of a sudden and I soon realised that if I didn’t get to a toilet I was going to do it in my knickers! I left the others and headed across the park to the toilets. Long before i reached them I had to hold myself. I was absolutely desperate! In fact I couldn’t remember ever having needed so badly before. I was still wearing my school uniform of blazer, white blouse and dark skirt. We had had PE that day so I had my navy blue gym knickers on. Some girls wore gym knickers which looked like shorts whilst others wore ones which were quite loose and baggy. Mine were like full back panties and were quite tight as I was always a bit on the chubby side. Anyway, I got to the toilet, only to find they were locked up. I panicked then, as I was almost peeing myself and the thought that I had been about to get relief seemed to make thing ten times worse when I found I couldn’t. I simply had to pee! There was no doubting it! I frantically glanced around, looking for somewhere to go. I saw a thick clump of bushes about fifty yards away and decided that they would have to do and quickly headed for them. However, long before I got there my bladder had other ideas and I felt myself leaking. By the time I reached the bushes I reckon about half of the contents of my bladder was in my knickers. They were soaked! When I finally reached the bushes I ducked in behind them and lifted my skirt and squatted down. I was peeing freely by now, so rather tha pull my knickers down I just relaxed and let go in them. The relief was bliss, but my navy knickers were absolutely wringing wet! I slipped them off and wrung them out as best I could before slipping them in my bag. I dried myself off as much as I could with a tissue and stood up again. I didn’t want to go back among my friends, especially wearing no knickers, so I headed off home. Luckily my mum was still at work so I could put my clothes in the washer and have a shower before she came home.

So you see, I have a bit of previous experience, not that I’m proud of it or anything. In fact you must be ashamed of me, a grown woman who can’t seem to keep her knickers dry”

Tom tried to reply, but in reality he was so turned on he could hardly trust himself to speak. He tried to tell Jill that anyone could be caught short and have an accident. He reminded her that he had been caught himself while with her on a few previous occasions and that he wasn’t one bit ashamed of her. In fact, he said he was extremely proud to be seen in the company of such a lovely woman.

Things settled down then and they enjoyed the scenery on the much quieter roads as they neared the coast.

More to come soon

*006*2023-01-31 10:46

Chapter 6:-

During the remainder of the drive Tom found himself distracted although they were passing through some lovely scenery. Jill was normally rather shy and reserved and never talked about personal and private intimate matters . The fact that she had described today’s accident in such detail, as well as tell him about the one she had as a teenager, was out of character. This got him wondering. Did she suspect that he was into women being desperate and wetting themselves? Had he inadvertently let something slip in a previous moment of passion ? Was she into desperation herself and trying to lead him on?

All these thoughts were circling through his mind. He dearly wanted to tell her how much seeing her bursting for the toilet turned him on, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. What if the very thought disgusted her? She might see him as a creep and not want anything more to do with him. They had a wonderful relationship and he didn’t want it to end, so he decided that now was not the time and tried instead to turn his thoughts to their surroundings.

@@Late in the afternoon they arrived at the coast and into the village where they were staying. The hotel itself was a big old house about a mile out of the village . It overlooked the village and the bay. There was a hedge and a lawn bordered with flower beds to the front while a driveway at the side led to the car park at the rear. There was only one other car parked when they pulled in. They took their bags and headed around to the front door and into the hallway. There was a small reception area and a severe looking older lady was on a duty behind it. Tom gave his name and explained that they had a booking. The woman looked at him, gave the slightest hint of a smile and slipped him a registration form.Tom completed it, filled in his car registration at the appropriate place and handed it back to her. She asked if they required an evening meal, but they had decided to explore the village and would eat there so they thanked her but said no. She then told when breakfast was served before giving them a key and directions to their room.

@@Their room was on the first floor, looking out over the front of the building. It was large with a high ceiling and old fashioned decor. Tom was rather disappointed to see that there was no en-suite, in fact not even a washbasin. He didn’t say anything as Jill was obviously very pleased with it, especially the view to the sea. They organised their things and Tom , who by now was needing the toilet rather badly went to look for one. On the landing outside their room were several doors. He found one marked bathroom and opened it. Inside was a large room with a bath, washbasin and toilet he locked the door and used the toilet before going back to explain to Jill where it was. She then went to her bag and took something out before say she would use the toilet too. Off she went and Shen she came back she was carrying something. Only when she went to the radiator by the window and spread something on it did Tom realise that it was the knickers she had wet earlier, she had rinsed them out in the bathroom and was spreading them out to dry. Seeing them brought the whole experience back to Tom and he went over and put his arms around her and kissed her lovingly. She didn’t resist as he led her over to the bed where they flopped down and had a long gentle cuddling session before getting up and sorting themselves out for a trip into the village.

More to follow

*007*2023-02-03 10:12

Chapter 7:-

It didn’t take Tom long to prepare for their walk into the village. He freshened himself up in the bathroom and put on a clean shirt. He didn’t wear a tie as he felt that would be too formal for a casual evening out. Slipping his sports jacket on he announced he was ready.

While Tom had been in the bathroom, Jill had decided to change her dress, mainly because she was concerned that there might be a lingering smell of pee with the one she had been wearing when she had her earlier mishap. When Tom returned he found her standing in her bra and knickers, pulling on a pair of tights. He stiffened up immediately at the sight, especially when, at first glance, he thought she wasn’t wearing any knickers. Then on a closer look he saw that they were skin coloured, matching her skin tone almost exactly. He noticed they were quite tight too, with little bulges of flesh at the waist and leg openings where they were digging in to her skin. Jill slipped her dress on, tidied her hair and finished her make up and they were ready to go.

It was a gorgeous evening as they walked along the road down to the village. The sun was still bright over the sea beyond the bay and there wasn’t a breath of wind. They soon arrived at the edge of the village and started along the street heading for the seafront. There were lots of little shops with the usual mix of bakers, butchers and grocers, along with some other specialised little shops that Jill said she would love to explore the next day. When they arrived at the seafront they found themselves at a little harbour. There were small fishing boats and some pleasure boats and small yachts tied up along the quay, with their crews standing around chatting and enjoying the evening. There were some cafes and more shops along the harbour front, as well as a couple of pubs. One had a chalkboard outside with a menu on it. The place looked quaint and charming so they agreed they should go in for a meal.

On entry they found it just as they had expected, with low ceilings and maritime objects displayed in every corner. A pleasant young waitress came up to help them and soon they found themselves seated and tucking in to a lovely meal of seafood along with a few large glasses of wine.

They took their time over their meal, and as well as the wine they consumed several glasses of water before finishing with coffee. Tom went up to pay, and before returning to the table he went to use the toilet. He had been particularly desperate or anything but thought it best to go as he didn’t know how long they would be before they got back to the hotel.

When he returned to the table he found Jill with her jacket on, ready to leave. They left the pub and walked along the seafront. The sun was now setting and looked like a golden ball on the horizon out beyond the bay, so they sat on a bench and watched it go down. There were fewer people about now and once the sun set the air became distinctly cooler. Tom felt Jill give a little shiver beside him and he asked of she was cold. She replied that it was a bit chill it she would soon warm up when they started walking. In fact she had shivered because she was starting to need the toilet and a spasm had suddenly hit her. The cool air certainly wasn’t helping but she didn’t want to admit her need to Tom, at least not yet, as she wasn’t at the desperate stage.

Tom was feeling the cooler air too. Having broken the seal he was now starting to need again and knew he would have to find a toilet again before long. They got up off the bench and started back along the harbour. As they passed the other pub that they had seen earlier, Tom had the idea that if they went in for a drink he could use the toilet there too. He suggested a dink to Jill and she agreed, thinking to herself that she could use the toilet pas well.

More soon

*008*2023-02-05 11:21

Apologies to anyone who is reading this, but there will be a break in the story for now as I will be away for a couple of weeks. I look forward to continuing on my return and I can assure you that there is loads of wet fun to come in the story.

Thanks in advance for your patience.

*009*2023-02-16 10:05

Back home again now, so here’s chapter 8:-

Tom asked Jill if she would like to go in for a drink and she readily agreed. However, once they stepped in the door they wished they hadn’t done so. Unlike the pub where they had had their meal, this one was dark and dingy with no welcoming atmosphere. There were a few old men sitting drinking at tables and some rough looking younger ones at the bar. They also noticed that there were no other women in the place. They were about to turn and walk out again when the barman spotted them and asked what they would like. Rather than just walk out they thought they would better have a drink as not to appear rude. Tom asked for a half pint of local beer and a small glass of wine for Jill.

They took a corner table as far away from the bar as possible, as the looks the young men at the bar were giving Jill made her feel uncomfortable. She was becoming uncomfortable for another reason too, as she really was starting to need the toilet quite badly. The wine wasn’t going to help but there was no way she was going to use the toilet here as she imagined it wouldn’t be very hygienic to say the least.

The last thing Tom was needing at that point was more beer, as he was needing to pee -badly! He had noticed the men at the bar and the looks they were giving Jill and had already decided that he couldn’t risk leaving her on her own while he went to the toilet as he was sure they would give her trouble in some way. He sensed Jill’s discomfort at the situation so said to her “ Let’s just drink up and get out of here. It’s not a very nice place.” Jill agreed and they quickly finished their drinks and left. As they rose and crossed the floor there were some comments from the men at the bar but they ignored them as they headed for the door. Tom gave a longing glance in the direction of the toilets but carried on out into the street.

They decided to head back to the hotel and set off the way they had come. At a corner Tom noticed a sign for public toilets and without actually mentioning them he suggested they go that way as it was different from the way they came into the village. He was definitely going to have to pee soon and was wishing he hadn’t broken the seal earlier. He was also wishing he hadn’t had the extra half pint of beer as he could almost feel it sloshing around his bladder. He put a hand in his pocket and squeezed himself as they walked, hoping they would soon be at the toilets.

Jill wasn’t fairing much better, although she had yet to mention her need to Tom. She had already wet herself once that day and didn’t want him thinking she had a weak bladder or was becoming incontinent. She was really needing the toilet though, having not been all evening and the extra glass of wine was already making its presence felt in an unwelcome way.

More to follow soon. Thanks for your patience

*010*2023-02-19 11:27

Chapter 9:-

@@After walking along a narrow street they soon found themselves in a small square. There were some more modern shops here, including a convenience store and a chip shop. There was also a small car park and a small brick building with a door at each end which turned out to be the toilets. The car park was almost empty apart from a couple of small racy looking cars. Their young owners were sitting in them chatting over the loud music coming from one. There were also some youths sitting in the low wall beside the toilets. A mixture of girls and boys, they were laughing and fooling around like youths do anywhere. Tom was about to mention that he would use the toilet when, amid lots of giggling, one of the girls tried to follow one of the boys into the toilet. She didn’t go in, but stood at the door, laughing and shouting to the boy inside. Although Tom would dearly have loved to have gone in and peed, there was no way he was going to leave Jill standing around on her own with these youths fooling about. They were probably harmless enough, but he couldn’t take the risk. Instead he gripped himself more tightly and walked on, looking for the way out of the square towards the hotel. He was definitely going to have to pee soon though, and doubted very much if he would make it all the way back.

Jill had noticed the toilets too, and considered telling Tom that she would nip in for a pee. However, as she got closer and saw the youths she had second thoughts. As well as that, he could imagine to herself what conditions would be like inside the ladies. The toilet block looked quite old and she envisaged a broken or missing seat, no lock on the cubicle door and puddles on the floor. No, she would have to wait, as she wasn’t going to go in there and try to hold her clothes out of the way while hovering over a dirty toilet. Waiting would be a struggle now though, as she was really needing to go. As long as she kept walking she reckoned she would be ok, but the thought of stopping and standing still worried her.

@@They found the route out of the square and headed up the hill towards the hotel. There were big old houses with hedges separating them from the road. The further out of the village they became less frequent as the pavement took them past trees and shrubs. Tom was now in some difficulty. He could hardly walk and squeezing himself was hardly enough to hold back his pee any more. He still hadn’t said anything about his need, but would have to soon, as it was obvious that he was desperate. He began to look around for a suitable spot to relieve himself as discreetly as possible. It would be embarrassing to have to do it in front of Jill, but not nearly as embarrassing as going in his pants. He finally got the courage to tell Jill, saying “Oh dear, I wish I hadn’t had that last beer! I’m bursting for a pee! I’m going to have to find somewhere before I wet myself!” On hearing Tom say this, Jill felt a strange sensation come over her and felt her knickers moisten. She knew she hadn’t wet herself, at least she didn’t think so. She realised that Tom’s predicament was actually turning her on! That, and her own need to pee, was making her feel quite horny!

She couldn’t say anything to Tom though, but instead said “ It isn’t far now. You’ll make it if you try.” Tom replied, saying “I’m sorry Jill, but I don’t think I can hold much longer . I’m almost doing it as it is. I must find somewhere or I’ll piss myself!”

Up ahead there was a large tree with a hedge leading up to it. The way the hedge met the tree formed a small recess off the footpath which was enough for Tom. He rushed up to the recess, unzipping and apologising profusely to Jill as he went. He had his penis out before he reached the tree and when he got to it he stood facing into the dark corner and let go. He peed an absolute torrent and the sound of his pee splashing onto the ground was almost too much for Jill’s own strained bladder muscles. She stood watching, and quickly had to grab herself through her dress or she would have wet herself for sure. She couldn’t stand still though, and pranced about as Tom finally eased off and finished his mush needed pee. He zipped back up and turned round with a look of sheer relief on his face. He apologised again but added that he felt much better after that.

Jill was still clutching herself tightly and saw that Tom had noticed. She then said “That’s the second time today I’ve wished I could do that! I’m bursting too, but I can’t squat here. We had better hurry or it’ll be in my knickers!

More to come soon

*011*2023-02-20 11:04

Chapter 10:-

With Jill still holding herself through her dress, they set off as quickly as they could. Tom was making encouraging remarks, telling Jill that she would manage to hold and that it wasn’t far now. Jill was having her doubts though. Having heard Tom pee, although his back had been facing her and she hadn’t really seen anything except his stream and the big puddle he left, had at least doubled the intensity of her desperation and she was now absolutely frantic. Besides that, seeing and hearing Tom exclaim how desperate he was had affected her in another way. She was desperate to touch herself and felt her knickers moisten. She was sure she hadn’t leaked pee yet, so it must be something else she thought. She was longing to get back to the hotel, not just to pee, but to have Tom make passionate love to her.

”Only another few minutes now Jill” Tom said by way of encouragement. “I can see the sign at the gate”. Jill was thinking to herself “ A few minutes! I question whether I have a few seconds! I’m absolutely bursting!” Despite her inner thoughts, she bravely strode along, cupping herself through her dress as she walked. Tom was still trying to make encouraging remarks, but privately he was severely turned on and was as hard as a rock. He was secretly hoping that Jill would either stop and whip her knickers down to pee in the street or would wet herself in front of him. He recalled the knickers she was wearing and imagined them filling with piss as she was forced to let go.

@@Somehow they reached the hotel and rushed in and up the stairs. The bathroom was in the middle of the landing but when they got to it they saw, very much to Jill’s dismay, that it was occupied. The “engaged “ sign on the lock was clearly visible and they could hear water running. It sounded as if someone was running a bath. The sight of the locked door , along with the sound of running water, was almost too much for Jill and she did a massive pee dance before raising the hem of her dress and clutching herself hard directly through her tights and knickers. On seeing this Tom hardened even more, to the extent that he looked like there was a rod in his trousers. He quickly opened their room and led Jill inside. She threw aside any further attempt at decency and grabbed herself with both hands, dress up around her waist. She was prancing back and forth and couldn’t stay still for a second. She was sweating and looking flustered. She looked at Tom in despair before saying “Oh Tom, what am I going to do? I’m at the point of doing it! I can’t hold this much longer! I’m about to wet myself! Help me, please!”

Tom looked around the room. There was no washbasin and the waste paper basket was exactly that, a basket so it was no good. There were no vases or the like which Jill could use. He thought for a bit, then went out to check to see if the bathroom was free. He listened at the door and heard splashing that confirmed somebody was having a bath. What could he tell Jill. She was about to piss herself and there was nothing he could do to help!

More soon

*012*2023-03-01 10:26

For anyone who had been reading this series, apologies for the intermittent posts and thanks for your patience.

Here is Chapter 11:-

Tom hesitated on the landing before going back to the room. He was going to have to tell Jill that the bathroom was still occupied but he didn’t know what affect the news would have on her. He worried that it would be too much for her poor bladder and that it would be the final straw and she would wet herself. Of course he realised that there was every likelihood that she may have already wet herself by the time he returned, as she had appeared extremely desperate when he left her to go and check the bathroom. One thing sure though, her predicament was turning him on severely! While part of him wanted to help her, another part wanted to see her lose control and have a full blown accident and presently the second part was winning! He was rock hard at the thought, and had been ever since she had first announced how desperate she was. Still, he had to go and tell her the news about the bathroom so he returned to their room to do so.

In the time Tom had been out of the room, Jill had been hit by a massive wave of pressure. She had danced around, both hands hard into her crotch, before freezing for a moment to tense every single muscle in an effort to hold her pee. Thankfully the pressure and passed but only for the moment, and she realised that she wasn’t going to be able to hold on through many more waves like that. She squatted down with her skirt up so that her heel was pressing right onto her pee hole. It was helping now, but for how long?

That was how she was when Tom returned, and at first he thought she was squatting and peeing in the floor. He gave a gasp and looked hard at her before realise what she was doing. Jill was looking extremely flustered and her cheeks were flushed red. She looked expectantly at Tom, but he shook his head before telling her that there was still someone in the bathroom. She said “I honestly can’t wait much longer! I nearly did it when you were out! This helps but I really can’t wait much more or it’s going to come out !”

Before Tom could say anything in reply she felt another wave come on. She stood up prancing from foot to foot and squeezing herself fro all she was worth. She then stopped and stood rock still, shoulder’s turned in and arms pressed close to her. Her one foot was curled around the back of her other leg and her face was locked in an expression of sheer determination. Tom really thought that she had reached her limit and was expecting to see pee start to drip from her. However she managed to hold it back and took a couple of huge breaths before saying “ Oh Tom! That was too close! I can’t possibly hold through another spasm like that! I don’t want to piss myself, I really don’t, but I’m not going to be able to hold much more. I going to have to do it!”

Tom had been racking his brains and a thought suddenly struck him. The car park! It would be quite dark out there and there would be nobody about. She could squat discreetly behind the car and nobody would know - if she could even get there that is!

He looked at Jill and said “ Let’s pretend to go out and look for something from the boot of the car. I’ll rummage around in the back while you have a pee. We obviously can risk waiting for the bathroom to become free. It’ll be too late for you”

Jill looked back at him before replying, saying “I’ll have to! I have no choice! I’m seriously about to piss myself! In fact I wonder if I haven’t already leaked a bit! My knickers feel damp!”

More soon.

*013*2023-03-02 09:04

Chapter 12:-

Tom moved towards the door but Jill stopped him by saying “Wait a moment. I’m going to take these tights off first. That will make it easier when we are out there.” She hoisted her skirt further up around her waist and reached for the waistband of her tights. Of course, to do so she had to let go of herself for a moment and as soon as she took her hands away from her pussy she had to clamp her thighs together in an effort to hold. With a quick movement she got her tights down and immediately grabbed herself again with one hand as she used the other to pull the tights down her legs and off her feet. She slipped her shoes back on and gave a little gasp before saying to Tom “ Right, let’s go. I’m absolutely bursting to pee. I have to pee! Quick! Let’s go.”

Tom reached for the door again. He was now so hard he could hardly walk. Hearing Jill say these things was driving him crazy! That, along with what he had seen when she took her tights off! He had watched as she took her hands away to pull her tights down and when they were below her knickers he had watched a glistening dark patch on the front of the knickers. She was practically pissing herself and had on had a serious leak! Any more of this and he was liable to have a damp stain in his own pants but it wouldn’t be pee!

Sighing and gasping, Jill followed him to the door, one hand up her skirt pressing hard into her crotch. Tom checked the bathroom before they headed towards the stairs but it was still occupied. He took Jill’s free hand and led her down to the hallway. There was a small lamp on beside the reception area, but the rest of the ground floor was in darkness. They could see the tables in the breakfast room all set up and ready for morning and the resident’s lounge was empty and dark. Heading toward the front door Tom felt Jill’s grip tighten on his hand and she gave a whimper.

As they reached the inner door, Jill felt another wave of pressure hit her. This time it was different and as she felt her urethra pulse she knew that she was going to pee. As Tom opened the main door quietly, she felt a spurt escape into her knickers and gave a little gasp, before stopping. She took her hand away from Tom’s and grabbed herself hard. Tom had the door open and tried to pull her away along the front of the building towards the car park at the rear, but instead she stepped off the path onto the grass in front of the dinning room window.

Tom said, “ Quickly now dear, the car park is this way” but she stepped further along the grass toward the bushes at front, saying “It’s too late! It’s going to come out! I going to piss myself!” With that she stood, shifting from foot to foot before the stepping increased in pace until she was almost jogging on the spot. Then she froze with her feet apart and a glazed look in her eyes as a jet of pee splashed between her feet, followed by a steady, hissing flood. She stood peeing for a considerable moment, head held back and eyes closed, before finally looking down at the ground at her puddle and the splashes on her legs and shoes.

Tom had almost come at the sight and sound and stood looking at her in amazement. As she recovered she said “I’m so sorry Tom, I couldn’t hold it any longer, honestly, I couldn’t! It started coming out as you opened the door and I couldn’t stop it! I knew I was going to wet myself then! Oh , my knickers are soaked! I should have taken them off too! I was so desperate I couldn’t think straight,”

Tom went over and put an arm around her and gently led her back inside and up the stairs, Jill waddling along beside him as she felt her pee soaked knickers cling to her as she walked. Ironically the bathroom was now free, but Tom unlocked their bedroom door and led her in. He hardly took the time to close and lock it before pulling her onto the bed. He pushed her skirt up round her waist and stood back and admired her soaking wet knickers with her dark bush clearly visible through the damp material. He slipped off his own trousers and boxers to release his rock hard member. Jill saw it and felt herself moisten immediately, before Tom lay beside her and slipped a hand into her knickers. Within seconds they were making love frantically before both reaching a shuddering climax together.

Jill eventually rose and, slipping her skirt back down, went to the bathroom to wash and also to rinse out her knickers. She came back to the room and hang her knickers on the radiator, beside the pair she had wet earlier that day. She jokingly said to Tom that she would have to be careful or she would run out before the weekend was over. Tommy replied, saying that he wouldn’t mind if she did, as it would be exiting knowing she was going around with no knickers on. They then returned to bed and had a long, passionate night together.

Another bit of this one to come so keep a look out.

*014*2023-03-07 10:50

Chapter13:-

They finally fell asleep in one another’s arms. Tom woke to find himself with Jill’s arm around him and her firm breasts against his side. He looked around in the bright sunlight that was shining around the edge of the curtains and saw Jill’s knickers on the radiator. The sight of them, along with the memories of why they came to be there and the feel of her body against him made him rapidly grow hard. As he lay there for a moment, contemplating how lucky he was to have found a woman who ticked all the boxes for him, another sensation started to take over. He realised he was badly needing the toilet. He grabbed hold of himself and squeezed and twirled, it was no good- he was going to have to go - and soon!

He tried to ease Jill’s arm off him without wakening her, but halfway through her eyelids flickered and she woke with a smile and bent forward to kiss him. Her hand wandered to his crotch and when she discovered his hard penis his need was temporarily forgotten. He fondled her breasts and kissed her tenderly. He then slipped his hand between her thighs when she suddenly clamped them shut. “Oh Tom! Be careful where you put your hand and don’t press my tummy. I’m bursting for a pee!” She went on to add “ I hope the bathroom is free! I don’t want to wet the bed! Oh, I’m bursting! I had better go.”

(Apologies for the short chapter. More to follow soon )

*015*2023-03-09 09:22

Chapter 14:-

Jill quickly got out of bed. As soon as she stood up, she realised how badly she needed to pee as a wave of desperation hit her and she had to stop and squeeze her thighs together before clutching herself with one hand. She exclaimed “Oh! I’m bursting! I hope the bathroom is free! If it isn’t I think I’ll pee on the floor! It’s that bad! “ She kept on giving out little gasps as she pee danced while struggling into one of the bathrobes the hotel had provided. Tom was sitting up in bed watching her. He was rock hard and massive at the sight of her naked body shivering in desperation, but he was also only too aware of his own need.

He realised that he was going to have to get to the toilet too and from the feeling in his bladder he doubted whether he was going to able to wait until Jill came back. So before Jill reached the door he swung out of bed and said “ Hold on a second! I’m bursting as well! I’ll have to come with you. I don’t think I can hold until you get back. I’m almost pissing as it is!” With that he grabbed himself and went to slip on the other bathrobe.

Once they were both dressed in their robes they headed out into the hallway. Jill was clutching herself through the front of her robe and giving little gasps as they headed towards the bathroom door. She almost cried with relief when they reached it and found it was open. They quickly slipped inside and Jill started to open her robe and headed straight for the toilet while Tom turned and closed and locked the door. By the time he had turned back round, Jill was already on the toilet, robe fully open at the front and tucked up around her back. There was a hiss, followed by loud splashing as her pent up pee poured into the toilet. She sat with her eyes closed in bliss at the relief she was feeling.

The sight and sound of Jill relieving herself was too much for Tom’s straining bladder. He fling open his robe and headed towards the toilet. Jill still sat peeing with her eyes closed in ecstasy as he stooped down and gently placed his hands on her knees. She looked at him with a puzzled expression as he eased her thighs apart before forcing his dribbling penis downwards to point in the gap between her thighs. He managed it just in time before he let go a torrent, his stream mixing with the final dribbles of the contents of Jill’s bladder.

Jill was now gasping for another reason. She was extremely turned on by what was happening between her thighs and the sight of Tom holding his erect penis in sheer desperation had made her almost orgasm as she peed. Tom himself was equally excited, having seen and heard her struggle not to wet herself . As he finally stopped peeing and shook himself dry she put her arms round him, brought her face toward his and kissed him passionately. Tom responded by raising her off the toilet and releasing his still rigid penis. When it sprang back upwards he slipped inside her and within a few thrusts they had both reached a shuddering climax.

Once they had settled a bit they made themselves decent and slipped out of the bathroom and back to their room. Luckily the hallway was still deserted so nobody saw them emerge from the bathroom together which was a relief, as it meant that there would be no embarrassment at the breakfast table. They then showered , individually this time, and dressed for the day.

They enjoyed the remain of their break and a had lots of night time fun. There were no more wet accidents on that occasion, but that didn’t stop them enjoying themselves.

That’s all for this story but there are more adventures to come. By the time they meet again, they will have done some research into water sports and will finally address the subject.

Thanks for reading and I hope you have enjoyed it.

