Hidden

Author: secretomoact

*018*2023-01-06 04:34

Written for the 12 Days of Omo prompt "Christmas Movie"

***

River’s first Christmas with Duncan had gone as well as he could have hoped. Better, even. They may have been stuck inside, just the two of them and Hugo, like always, but it wasn’t like any of them had family to visit. They WERE the family now. So, they celebrated like any family would. The day started with them opening gifts under the tree. River was delighted with all of the new manga volumes Hugo had gotten him, and Duncan was pleased with the dance CDs.

Since River and Duncan couldn’t go out alone to shop for anything, and they were no longer able to use the Internet either, they’d needed to MAKE their gifts for each other. Duncan was clearly the better artist of the two, presenting River with a brilliant portrait of a rose garden. River was in awe at the differing textures and light levels present throughout it, but confused by the way Duncan kept snickering.

“Hm?” River asked. “What…?”

“Did you notice?” Duncan asked.

“Er… Notice what?”

“Look at the centers of the roses…” Duncan said, barely holding back snorts of laughter.

River did. The roses all had the expected layers of petals, circling out around one cluster of… Actually, as he looked more closely, that didn’t really resemble a cluster of petals…

The reason that they didn’t resemble clusters of petals, River now realized, was because they WEREN’T clusters of petals. They were floral phalluses. Duncan had painted a field of roses with penises jetting out in the middle of each flower. It was indeed difficult to notice it at first, but once it WAS spotted, it was impossible to unsee it. It was… Funny, but just… “Why?”

“Because it was funny,” Duncan said, laughing more now.

River shrugged. It was still a lovely painting, had clearly taken ages to complete. And, yes, it WAS amusing. Besides, they weren’t going to have anyone over to visit, so there was no reason that they couldn’t hang— No, no, not ‘hang!’, ‘DISPLAY’— it anywhere.

“What is it?” Hugo asked, leaning forwards for a closer look.

“Pfft, heheheh,” Duncan kept up his raucous laughter, bending forwards on himself. “All the flowers have—“ He broke off very abruptly, his giggling ceased, and he got a look of pure panic on his face.

“Duncan? What’s wr—“

Before River could finish, Duncan was crossing his legs and gasping out “E—Excuse me!” He took off for the restroom, palming his crotch along the way.

Duncan was scrambling for the toilet as soon as he’d gotten past the doorway. His boxers felt clammy and warm, the result of a leak that he seriously hadn’t even felt COMING until it had already spilled out of him. Fuck, fuck… He knew that sneezing made him pee now, but hadn’t realized there were other things that could do it.

He yanked his pants down and sat on the toilet seat, his dribbles bursting into a stream. He panted, but not so much from relief. He was just desperately trying to catch his breath after rushing here at breakneck speed. As he sat there, bladder emptying, he examined the damage done to his pants. A dark spot was visible on the crotch of his boxers, but he didn’t think he needed to change them. It wasn’t any worse than what happened if he didn’t ‘shake off’ well enough after a pee.

It wasn’t the severity of the leak that bothered him, it was just the fact that it had happened at all. He’d learned that he needed to be careful when he sneezed, sometimes instinctively grabbing his crotch when he felt one coming just to try and forestall the inevitable drip. That was probably the hardest he’d laughed since he’d escaped the Organization, though. He’d had no idea that laughing was dangerous for his bladder, too!

God… What had happened to his body when those weights slammed into him? He’d had PERFECT control over his bladder up until then! Sure, he’d had a FEW leaks before it, but those had all been brought on by pretty severe desperation. Now, he was dribbling when he didn’t even think he had to go!

He really hoped that, whatever was going on with his holding muscles now would start to get better soon… He stood from the toilet, flushed it and washed his hands off. He stood there a moment longer, recalling how he’d basically freaked out in the living room and run to the toilet like he was escaping from a fire.

River and Hugo both knew about his sneezing issue, but he didn’t want to let on that there were even MORE problems… So, when Duncan returned to them, he sighed and said “Ahhh, sorry about that. I was excited and forgot to go this morning, then it all kinda just hit me.”

Hugo chuckled, “Micah used to do that every Christmas too,” he said fondly.

Duncan, perplexed by the unfamiliar name, looked at River.

“Micah was Hugo’s son,” River explained, briskly pulling something else out from beneath the tree. “A—Anyway, here’s what I got you!”

Duncan didn’t press further. River’s quick change of subject, and his use of the word ‘was’, were enough to tell him everything he needed to know. Duncan took the gift into his hands and unwrapped it, finding a beaded bracelet containing their initials, a rainbow pattern, and a few heart shaped beads. “Yeah, I can’t draw worth shit,” River said. “And I hope to God that actually fits you, and—“

Duncan slipped it on and hugged River, “It’s so sweet!” He gushed, nuzzling him.

“Eheh,” River laughed, leaning into Duncan’s touches.

They each had things to give to Hugo as well, which he was surprised by. River had used the old Polaroid camera to take a bunch of photos around the cabin. He may not have been great at drawing, but photography was a different story. He was able to capture all the familiar objects in such unique ways that Hugo had to pause a couple times to figure out what he was looking at. Duncan had painted him a field of flowers as well, but when he started to scrutinize it, he was assured that this one didn’t have any hidden dicks.

A few hours after the present opening, Hugo went out to get a pizza for dinner. When River asked for pineapple and anchovies as his toppings, Duncan thought he was joking and started to giggle. But, then he realized River was being serious and laughed even harder, so hard that his bladder ejected another unwanted spurt into his clothes. Just like that morning, he stopped cold, went silent and was barely able to keep his hands off his dick as he ran to the toilet.

He was already tugging down his pants while he was shutting the door, feeling more pee resting precariously at the edge of his sphincters. He slammed himself down onto the toilet seat, and didn’t even need to TELL his bladder to let go. He was peeing the instant he felt the porcelain beneath him. But, he felt little in the way of relief. Was he going to have to fight not to soak his pants EVERY time he thought something was a little funny?

He finished after only fifteen seconds, proving that his bladder HADN’T been full at all. He washed off his hands and met up with River again in the living room. “S—Sorry, I guess I’ve been distracted and didn’t notice how much I had to—“

“Do you pee when you laugh?” River interrupted.

Duncan sucked in his cheeks. “I… I didn’t used to…” he said reluctantly.

“Thought so,” River said, glum. “I’m really sorry… It’s not fair that you have to deal with this now.”

“It’s not,” Duncan agreed. “It sucks.”

“I’ve kinda been noticing you… Like… Grab yourself when you sneeze? Does that help any?”

“Yeah,” Duncan said. “It usually makes it stay in, at least— Unless I already had to go really bad. But, even if I hold myself, I’m going to be having an emergency once the sneezing stops. Like, I have a minute to get to the toilet afterwards, otherwise I think I’ll…”

“Okay,” River said. “At least it makes it a little easier, right? Maybe you should try to hold your crotch when you laugh, too?”

Duncan hated having to discuss this. He shouldn’t have needed to come up with strategies to manage his newly fickle bladder. Before, the only time he had to talk about peeing was when he was desperate to do it and needed directions to a toilet. “I guess…” he said.

Hugo got home with the pizzas. River kept trying to convince Duncan to try the toppings he’d selected, to which Duncan continued to refused. They talked a lot as they ate around the table, and it felt like they really WERE just a regular family enjoying Christmas together. Duncan forgot all about the Organization, about being scared, about how they were inside because they HAD to be, and focused only on how good it felt to spend the day with River and Hugo. Apart from his little urinary mishaps, everything had been perfect.

During the evening, they watched some Christmas DVDs on the couch together. Hugo eventually got tired and headed to bed, but Duncan had been so happy all day that he wasn’t ready for it to end. River decided to stay with him, which overjoyed him even further… Particularly because he’d been hopeful that River would have ANOTHER present for him at some point tonight.

He wasn’t going to push for it or anything… But, they’d been together for so many months now, had slept in each other’s arms, had kissed, cuddled, felt one another up… Duncan thought that the right time should be coming SOON, and tonight would be just the perfect occasion.

He couldn’t let himself get TOO excited, though. He didn’t want to get his hopes up high if, like every other night, they simply kissed each other goodnight, snuggling and talking until they fell asleep. Duncan wanted more, was dying for more… Thoughts of River touching him without the barriers of their clothing in the way were sometimes enough to send Duncan running to the restroom to take care of a DIFFERENT urge.

He THOUGHT River wanted it too… River said all the time that he loved him, and had drooled over the sight of his arms on several occasions. He’d caught River staring at his ass when he came back from a shower with nothing but a towel covering it. When they fondled each other over their clothes, River was always moaning and shuddering, showing how much he was enjoying it.

But, there were other things that made Duncan wonder if maybe River didn’t want it. When they got really hot and heavy, Duncan would ALWAYS get hard as a rock within minutes. But, no matter how much he felt River up, no matter how much he got the man to whimper and mewl, Duncan had never felt River’s cock growing in his pants, and he’d been TRYING to, that confirmation that he was turning River on would be irresistible…

River acted like he enjoyed it. He made all the right sounds and all the right expressions, he told Duncan to keep it up… Yet, his body kept telling a different story, and Duncan was confused.

Once Hugo had gone to bed, Duncan cozied up a lot closer to River, putting his arm around his shoulders and pulling him into his body. River blushed and snuggled against him. They kept watching the movies. River commented that he hadn’t liked Christmas movies that much before, since they were usually so cheesy. “But, it feels different watching them with you…”

Duncan’s chest warmed and he kissed River’s cheek, before trailing more kisses along River’s jawline, down his neck. River wriggled, shivering. “Heheh, mmm… That feels good.”

Encouraged, Duncan carried on, kissing River all over his face and neck, stroking his back and reminding him how much he loved him. Something struck him then; River was the best thing that had ever happened to him. Duncan had never believed he’d get to have a REAL relationship with another man, that the best he’d ever manage were meaningless hook-ups that were over as quickly as they began. But, what he and River had was real. They relied on each other, they needed each other. Duncan loved River’s determination and strength, the way he survived in spite of everything life had thrown at him. River loved Duncan’s sense of humor, his playfulness… Things that were finally starting to come back as Duncan started to feel safer.

River was the best thing that had ever happened to him… But he and River had met during the WORST event of Duncan’s life. How could it be that his most painful and most wonderful experiences had happened simultaneously, intertwined?

As Duncan thought this over, and the movie continued on the TV screen, River eventually ended up laying sideways. His head was resting in Duncan’s lap, his arms wrapped around his body. River’s body heat was so warm that it put Duncan in a new state of ease. He wished that this moment never had to end. He didn’t even care if they ended up not having sex again tonight, because everything that was happening now was just so perfect.

Before long, River had started to snore, fast asleep in Duncan’s lap. He looked adorable that way, eye lashes lightly brushing against his cheeks, breaths coming out slow and even, arms still coiled around Duncan and squeezing rather tautly against his bladder—

Okay… That last one wasn’t so cute. And it definitely wasn’t relaxing. Ugh, why hadn’t Duncan noticed that he had to pee until just NOW? And, why did noticing it have to make the urge so much worse? He’d been fine a moment ago, now he was cursing himself for the glasses of water he’d had with dinner, feeling them stretching out inside his bladder.

Should he wake River up…? No, probably not. Peaceful sleep was so hard for either one of them to come by, Duncan wouldn’t DARE take it away from River if he could help it. Duncan could wait until River woke back up… Just so long as he didn’t sneeze or laugh.

He checked which movie was playing now, wondering if it was one that featured any loud scenes. If it was, then perhaps River would wake up and Duncan wouldn’t have to feel quite so bad about it. But, few Christmas films were all that noisy, and Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer was a fairly quiet one. Hell, many of the songs would make alright lullabies. He didn’t think THIS would wake River up.

Not helping Duncan’s situation was the need to keep himself still. He didn’t want to be the one responsible for waking River up, and since he was coiled around his body, any jiggling or squirming would likely disturb him. His need for the toilet, which was already somewhat severe when he’d noticed it, had grown exponentially in the time since.

Duncan’s lips thinned as he hitched his hips just the slightest bit— Enough to take a little of the pressure away from his sphincters, but not enough to rouse River. His hands fluttered uselessly around his waist, River’s head still nestled in his lap and blocking him from being able to adjust his pants or pinch his urethra closed. His thighs pressed together until he felt them starting to cramp.

He told himself River would probably wake up soon. His position didn’t even look that comfy, so he couldn’t sleep for THAT long.

Half an hour later, with his bladder feeling nearly engorged from the pressure, Duncan was worrying that River was going to keep him pinned here for the rest of the night. As soon as that thought had presented itself, a far more worrying one chased it away; River wouldn’t keep him pinned here all night, because Duncan would wet his pants before morning came. River would DEFINITELY spring awake when his ‘pillow’ suddenly got warm and sopping wet while emitting a loud hissing sound.

A stabbing pulse from his bladder made Duncan jolt slightly in his seat, grinding himself against the cushion as subtly as he could manage. He looked back at the TV, trying to focus on IT instead of his bladder. He did his best to focus on Rudolph encountering the Island of Misfit Toys, only for his midsection to spasm so startlingly that he had to fling his upper body backwards to give his bloated ball of piss some space, hissing through his clenched teeth.

The swollen, tense lump encompassing his lower abdomen COULDN’T find enough room, though. The weight of River’s head in his lap was like placing cinderblocks atop his bladder, and he couldn’t get away from it. It all felt so heavy on his sphincters, muscles weakening beneath the strain. “Hfff…” he exhaled, trying to take in little puffs of air, as if that would calm the rest of his body down.

It didn’t. A small dribble of pee squirted free from his urethra. It wasn’t enough to leave a stain on his pants, but he could feel the wet patch on his boxers already. He ground his teeth together, bit down hard against a groan, and another trickle of heat jetted forth. He bounced lightly, unable to stop himself.

He felt another pulsing throb radiate from within his bladder, and he drummed his fingertips onto the couch’s armrest, for lack of anything more helpful to do. He leaked twice more, feeling the wet patch on his underwear growing ever larger. ‘Just… Just watch the stupid movie…’ he ordered himself. ‘Watch it, and forget about peeing.’

He made another attempt. He’d seen this thing loads of times, and he couldn’t recall any part of it that should make his bladder feel any worse, thankfully. He couldn’t think of any scenes involving water falls, or rivers, or toilets… Except, now he was just THINKING about water falls, rivers and toilets— Especially that LAST thing.

He was thinking about how there was a toilet right down the hall. He was thinking about how he could see the open door from his current position. He was thinking about how it would take him a maximum of ten steps to get there and empty himself. He was thinking about how GOOD that would feel…

God… It would feel amazing… He wanted nothing more than to rip down his pants and collapse onto the bowl, gushing away for all he was worth, his stream echoing with its force. If only the seat he was on right NOW were a toilet, if only River had fallen asleep on him in the bathroom instead, then he could just let it all out and stop feeling so bloated…

His bladder enjoyed his fantasy a little too much, its walls crumbling inwards and squeezing out another leak. This one carried on for several seconds, and he fought hard to clamp it off. He could do nothing to stem his spill apart from tightening up his already tensed thighs and gritting his muscles so hard that they burned. Eventually, it did cease, but he was sure the crotch of his pants looked wet now.

‘Ohhh, please wake up, River…’ Duncan pleaded silently. Maybe he SHOULD just shake him? This was getting really, really bad! River would certainly be more upset if he got woken up because Duncan pissed on him than if he got woken up because Duncan nudged him…

He reached for River, tapped his shoulder. “River…?” He whispered. He wasn’t sure why he was being so gentle, so soft, when he wanted River up and moving NOW. “River… Come on…” he said, poking him again. “I’m practically wetting myself… You have to let me up…”

***

‘I’m practically wetting myself!’ River thought, panic coursing through him. He was immensely confused by several things. First, and most troublingly, he could feel his long pigtails touching his shoulders, could feel a weight in his chest that was both foreign and somehow familiar, and the crotch of his pants was disturbingly empty. Second, he was at school, a place he hadn’t been to in several years. Third, his teacher had just said something about his Mom, as if his Mom was even a part of his life…

But, River didn’t think he had the time, nor the brainpower, to waste on figuring all of this out. His bladder was bloated and hard as a rock, and if he didn’t get to a fucking toilet soon, he wouldn’t NEED to figure out what had happened to his body, because it would be scattered all over the place in tiny, urine-flecked pieces.

He held himself and wriggled in his chair, his heart thumping in his ears as he did so. He was panicking from how bad he had to pee, and also from how his crotch felt beneath his hands. Something EXTREMELY important was missing. He could feel he was wearing short sleeves, and when he turned his head to look, the scar on his arm was gone too…

Christ, what was happening? Had he dreamed everything about the last several years of his life? The part with that Organization HAD been pretty surreal, so maybe…

Was he going to have to do it ALL over again? Come out to his parents, try to reason with them, try to get off the Estrogen… Would they react better than they had in his dream? He didn’t think so… He’d be homeless again, have to find someone to live with, since apparently Hugo was just a dream. Would he find someone as kind as Hugo, someone as willing to help him with his surgeries as Hugo?

Ohhh, God, and what about Duncan?! Duncan wasn’t real, either?! He didn’t have someone who loved him after all? Fuck, of course that had been a dream, Duncan had been too good to be true… Hugo, too… Fuck, fuck, he wanted his old life back, a lot of it had sucked, but it had been HIS—

A gasp fell from River’s lips as his bladder sent two hot spurts of piss into his… Well, he wasn’t going to check, but he was probably wearing panties… He clutched his hands against himself with more fervor when a stream started to slosh out. He crossed his legs beneath his desk, clenching his muscles, eyes welling with tears.

He needed the toilet, he could figure the rest out after he’d gone… What— What was happening now? What did he need to do to get himself to a bathroom? He finally looked up from his lap, gazed around the classroom. He recognized it as his homeroom from eighth grade. Shit… What classes had he been taking in eighth grade? God dammit, if there was a fucking test today he was going to set something on fire… And then not put it out, even though he was full of enough piss to do the job easily.

Okay, okay… It didn’t look like it was a test day. Actually, there were cookies and stuff out on some of the desks, and a TV sitting on a cart at the front of the room. It was a party day, so at least he wouldn’t have to actually go to school while he figured his situation out. And, more importantly, it should be easier to get to a restroom…

Dear fucking GOD he needed a restroom…

The TV was turned on, it started playing Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer, which meant Christmas was coming up, so he at least knew what month it was… His situation started to feel a LITTLE more familiar now that the movie was on, although he wasn’t sure why.

Nor did he care. He needed an empty bladder NOW. He struggled onto his feet, and it sort of felt almost like he had to REMEMBER how to hold it in with his old parts…? He didn’t bother moving his hands away from his crotch as he hobbled to the teacher’s desk and blurted out his request for the restroom. The teacher took way too damned long to respond, and River crossed his left leg over his right as he waited.

“Go ahead,” she said, waving him off.

River rushed for the door and threw it open, cursing madly under his breath as he tried his best to remember the layout of his high school. Where the fuck were the toilets? Christ! He must have made mad dashes to them at least four times a day when he’d been a teenager, how could he have forgotten their locations?!

He turned around a corner and managed to remember this hallway, and that there would be a restroom if he turned to the left at the end of it. He made an odd, limping walk down the hall, taking care to keep his legs pinched together as he moved. At last, he saw the doors he needed, and placed his hand on the one marked with a blue stick-man. Thank God… He’d never been so relieved to see a men’s—

Oh… Fuck, that was right…

Grumbling, he went to the OTHER door, and jiggled its handle. Locked. “You’ve gotta be shitting me…” he muttered. Not like he wanted to use the girls’ anyway… He returned to the FIRST door and tried to open IT up, but it refused to budge as well.

And then it struck River why this situation felt so familiar. It was the last day of eighth grade before Winter break, he’d had too much fruit punch at the party. When the class sat down to watch Rudolph, he was hit with a powerful need to urinate… And then he’d spent the rest of the day flailing around in desperation and yanking on door handles because the school had decided, in all its brilliance, to lock some of the rooms up EARLY for the break. And, of course, they’d decided to pick the ones MOST important to River.

How had that ended…? Right, he’d eventually gotten so pissed off and needy that he’d gone out the back door of the school, dragged himself to the little bit of woods behind it, tore down his pants, crouched, and watered the everliving crap out of a poor, defenseless bush. Nobody had caught him doing it, and when he’d gotten back up he’d flipped off the school building for driving him to it…

So, should he just skip straight to THAT part and avoid all of the mindless running around and pulling on locked doors…? His bladder blazed within him, telling him that that was the PERFECT plan…

***

“River…” Duncan whined, jostling River’s shoulder more sharply. “Come onnnn… I’m bursting!” He was beginning to feel LESS bad about getting River up, and NOT because he was having such an awful emergency. River had begun to fidget around in his sleep, his expression going pinched. It was clear he was having a nightmare and would APPRECIATE being woken up.

Duncan had given up on quelling his squirms, he jiggled his legs and tried his best to reach a hand past River’s head so he could grab at himself. Finally, he shoved River harder and the other’s eyes popped open. Wild and frantic, his pupils darted around the room as his breathing went from completely panicked to only SORT OF panicked.

“River, let me up, I need—“

“I have to go piss!” River interrupted, lurching up onto his feet, before stumbling and stomping them against the floor, hands flung between his legs. Duncan watched as he grabbed himself, watched his expression visibly slacken with relief, his breaths evening out as he squeezed away. “Oh… Thank fuck…” he muttered, confusing Duncan to no end, as it wasn’t like he was at the toilet, peeing yet…

“You need to go, too?” Duncan whimpered out, now grabbing his own dick with both hands. He wouldn’t be surprised if he had a gallon stored inside himself, judging by the overwhelming pain in his bladder.

“Like crazy!” River said. “I’ll— You go in the toilet, I’ll use the sink.”

“We can BOTH use the—“

“It’ll be easier for you to sit this way,” River reasoned. “I’ll just…”

“I’ll— I’ll stand this time, if you’re with me it won’t be as scary to face away from the door.”

The decision made, they both struggled to the restroom, hands clutched between tensed thighs. River was reaching beneath his waistband before they’d passed the doorway, and Duncan let out three more dribbly spurts hobbling up to the toilet.

River aimed himself, a droplet plinking into the bowl, followed by two more as he jumped in place and waited for Duncan to free himself as well. Once Duncan was in the right position, River stopped holding back, releasing a torrent that far outmatched the one he’d doused the bush with in eighth grade.

Duncan’s stream crashed into the bowl beside River’s, ripping a loud moan from his throat as waves of piss were evacuated from his bladder. It felt even better than he’d been imagining, everything in him was loosening, losing all its tension. His shoulders, his back, his poor, poor bladder… His thighs, his knees, his legs—

He started to go a little wobbly… The muscles in charge of holding him upright relaxing SO much that they were forgetting they still had a job to do. He pissed sitting down so often now that he was used to just letting EVERYTHING fall apart when he went, he wavered, trying not to let his legs fall asleep.

River had both hands on his dick, but he let one go when he noticed Duncan wavering. He assumed the guy was just sleepy, so he put a hand on his shoulder to keep him steadier until he was done.

River finished first, and Duncan tapered off a few seconds later, exhaling loudly and stumbling backwards against the wall, grinning. “I…” he panted out. “I… I like cuddling you… But if you’re gonna fall asleep… warn me so I can pee first…”

River laughed, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to trap you.”

“It’s okay… Hey, were you having a bad dream?”

“Not… Not exactly,” River said. “I had to pee really bad, so I kinda just had a dream about ANOTHER time I had to pee really bad back at school… And I was, like, super confused because my body was… Like it WAS, and I thought I’d just dreamed everything about the last few years, since…”

“Since the Organization sounds like something out of a nightmare?” Duncan guessed.

“That, and because sometimes I think you and Hugo are too good to be true.”

“Aww…” Duncan held him. “MOSTLY me, right?”

“Eheh, yeah… Mostly you.”

Written for the 12 Days of Omo prompt "Christmas Movie"

***

River’s first Christmas with Duncan had gone as well as he could have hoped. Better, even. They may have been stuck inside, just the two of them and Hugo, like always, but it wasn’t like any of them had family to visit. They WERE the family now. So, they celebrated like any family would. The day started with them opening gifts under the tree. River was delighted with all of the new manga volumes Hugo had gotten him, and Duncan was pleased with the dance CDs.

Since River and Duncan couldn’t go out alone to shop for anything, and they were no longer able to use the Internet either, they’d needed to MAKE their gifts for each other. Duncan was clearly the better artist of the two, presenting River with a brilliant portrait of a rose garden. River was in awe at the differing textures and light levels present throughout it, but confused by the way Duncan kept snickering.

“Hm?” River asked. “What…?”

“Did you notice?” Duncan asked.

“Er… Notice what?”

“Look at the centers of the roses…” Duncan said, barely holding back snorts of laughter.

River did. The roses all had the expected layers of petals, circling out around one cluster of… Actually, as he looked more closely, that didn’t really resemble a cluster of petals…

The reason that they didn’t resemble clusters of petals, River now realized, was because they WEREN’T clusters of petals. They were floral phalluses. Duncan had painted a field of roses with penises jetting out in the middle of each flower. It was indeed difficult to notice it at first, but once it WAS spotted, it was impossible to unsee it. It was… Funny, but just… “Why?”

“Because it was funny,” Duncan said, laughing more now.

River shrugged. It was still a lovely painting, had clearly taken ages to complete. And, yes, it WAS amusing. Besides, they weren’t going to have anyone over to visit, so there was no reason that they couldn’t hang— No, no, not ‘hang!’, ‘DISPLAY’— it anywhere.

“What is it?” Hugo asked, leaning forwards for a closer look.

“Pfft, heheheh,” Duncan kept up his raucous laughter, bending forwards on himself. “All the flowers have—“ He broke off very abruptly, his giggling ceased, and he got a look of pure panic on his face.

“Duncan? What’s wr—“

Before River could finish, Duncan was crossing his legs and gasping out “E—Excuse me!” He took off for the restroom, palming his crotch along the way.

Duncan was scrambling for the toilet as soon as he’d gotten past the doorway. His boxers felt clammy and warm, the result of a leak that he seriously hadn’t even felt COMING until it had already spilled out of him. Fuck, fuck… He knew that sneezing made him pee now, but hadn’t realized there were other things that could do it.

He yanked his pants down and sat on the toilet seat, his dribbles bursting into a stream. He panted, but not so much from relief. He was just desperately trying to catch his breath after rushing here at breakneck speed. As he sat there, bladder emptying, he examined the damage done to his pants. A dark spot was visible on the crotch of his boxers, but he didn’t think he needed to change them. It wasn’t any worse than what happened if he didn’t ‘shake off’ well enough after a pee.

It wasn’t the severity of the leak that bothered him, it was just the fact that it had happened at all. He’d learned that he needed to be careful when he sneezed, sometimes instinctively grabbing his crotch when he felt one coming just to try and forestall the inevitable drip. That was probably the hardest he’d laughed since he’d escaped the Organization, though. He’d had no idea that laughing was dangerous for his bladder, too!

God… What had happened to his body when those weights slammed into him? He’d had PERFECT control over his bladder up until then! Sure, he’d had a FEW leaks before it, but those had all been brought on by pretty severe desperation. Now, he was dribbling when he didn’t even think he had to go!

He really hoped that, whatever was going on with his holding muscles now would start to get better soon… He stood from the toilet, flushed it and washed his hands off. He stood there a moment longer, recalling how he’d basically freaked out in the living room and run to the toilet like he was escaping from a fire.

River and Hugo both knew about his sneezing issue, but he didn’t want to let on that there were even MORE problems… So, when Duncan returned to them, he sighed and said “Ahhh, sorry about that. I was excited and forgot to go this morning, then it all kinda just hit me.”

Hugo chuckled, “Micah used to do that every Christmas too,” he said fondly.

Duncan, perplexed by the unfamiliar name, looked at River.

“Micah was Hugo’s son,” River explained, briskly pulling something else out from beneath the tree. “A—Anyway, here’s what I got you!”

Duncan didn’t press further. River’s quick change of subject, and his use of the word ‘was’, were enough to tell him everything he needed to know. Duncan took the gift into his hands and unwrapped it, finding a beaded bracelet containing their initials, a rainbow pattern, and a few heart shaped beads. “Yeah, I can’t draw worth shit,” River said. “And I hope to God that actually fits you, and—“

Duncan slipped it on and hugged River, “It’s so sweet!” He gushed, nuzzling him.

“Eheh,” River laughed, leaning into Duncan’s touches.

They each had things to give to Hugo as well, which he was surprised by. River had used the old Polaroid camera to take a bunch of photos around the cabin. He may not have been great at drawing, but photography was a different story. He was able to capture all the familiar objects in such unique ways that Hugo had to pause a couple times to figure out what he was looking at. Duncan had painted him a field of flowers as well, but when he started to scrutinize it, he was assured that this one didn’t have any hidden dicks.

A few hours after the present opening, Hugo went out to get a pizza for dinner. When River asked for pineapple and anchovies as his toppings, Duncan thought he was joking and started to giggle. But, then he realized River was being serious and laughed even harder, so hard that his bladder ejected another unwanted spurt into his clothes. Just like that morning, he stopped cold, went silent and was barely able to keep his hands off his dick as he ran to the toilet.

He was already tugging down his pants while he was shutting the door, feeling more pee resting precariously at the edge of his sphincters. He slammed himself down onto the toilet seat, and didn’t even need to TELL his bladder to let go. He was peeing the instant he felt the porcelain beneath him. But, he felt little in the way of relief. Was he going to have to fight not to soak his pants EVERY time he thought something was a little funny?

He finished after only fifteen seconds, proving that his bladder HADN’T been full at all. He washed off his hands and met up with River again in the living room. “S—Sorry, I guess I’ve been distracted and didn’t notice how much I had to—“

“Do you pee when you laugh?” River interrupted.

Duncan sucked in his cheeks. “I… I didn’t used to…” he said reluctantly.

“Thought so,” River said, glum. “I’m really sorry… It’s not fair that you have to deal with this now.”

“It’s not,” Duncan agreed. “It sucks.”

“I’ve kinda been noticing you… Like… Grab yourself when you sneeze? Does that help any?”

“Yeah,” Duncan said. “It usually makes it stay in, at least— Unless I already had to go really bad. But, even if I hold myself, I’m going to be having an emergency once the sneezing stops. Like, I have a minute to get to the toilet afterwards, otherwise I think I’ll…”

“Okay,” River said. “At least it makes it a little easier, right? Maybe you should try to hold your crotch when you laugh, too?”

Duncan hated having to discuss this. He shouldn’t have needed to come up with strategies to manage his newly fickle bladder. Before, the only time he had to talk about peeing was when he was desperate to do it and needed directions to a toilet. “I guess…” he said.

Hugo got home with the pizzas. River kept trying to convince Duncan to try the toppings he’d selected, to which Duncan continued to refused. They talked a lot as they ate around the table, and it felt like they really WERE just a regular family enjoying Christmas together. Duncan forgot all about the Organization, about being scared, about how they were inside because they HAD to be, and focused only on how good it felt to spend the day with River and Hugo. Apart from his little urinary mishaps, everything had been perfect.

During the evening, they watched some Christmas DVDs on the couch together. Hugo eventually got tired and headed to bed, but Duncan had been so happy all day that he wasn’t ready for it to end. River decided to stay with him, which overjoyed him even further… Particularly because he’d been hopeful that River would have ANOTHER present for him at some point tonight.

He wasn’t going to push for it or anything… But, they’d been together for so many months now, had slept in each other’s arms, had kissed, cuddled, felt one another up… Duncan thought that the right time should be coming SOON, and tonight would be just the perfect occasion.

He couldn’t let himself get TOO excited, though. He didn’t want to get his hopes up high if, like every other night, they simply kissed each other goodnight, snuggling and talking until they fell asleep. Duncan wanted more, was dying for more… Thoughts of River touching him without the barriers of their clothing in the way were sometimes enough to send Duncan running to the restroom to take care of a DIFFERENT urge.

He THOUGHT River wanted it too… River said all the time that he loved him, and had drooled over the sight of his arms on several occasions. He’d caught River staring at his ass when he came back from a shower with nothing but a towel covering it. When they fondled each other over their clothes, River was always moaning and shuddering, showing how much he was enjoying it.

But, there were other things that made Duncan wonder if maybe River didn’t want it. When they got really hot and heavy, Duncan would ALWAYS get hard as a rock within minutes. But, no matter how much he felt River up, no matter how much he got the man to whimper and mewl, Duncan had never felt River’s cock growing in his pants, and he’d been TRYING to, that confirmation that he was turning River on would be irresistible…

River acted like he enjoyed it. He made all the right sounds and all the right expressions, he told Duncan to keep it up… Yet, his body kept telling a different story, and Duncan was confused.

Once Hugo had gone to bed, Duncan cozied up a lot closer to River, putting his arm around his shoulders and pulling him into his body. River blushed and snuggled against him. They kept watching the movies. River commented that he hadn’t liked Christmas movies that much before, since they were usually so cheesy. “But, it feels different watching them with you…”

Duncan’s chest warmed and he kissed River’s cheek, before trailing more kisses along River’s jawline, down his neck. River wriggled, shivering. “Heheh, mmm… That feels good.”

Encouraged, Duncan carried on, kissing River all over his face and neck, stroking his back and reminding him how much he loved him. Something struck him then; River was the best thing that had ever happened to him. Duncan had never believed he’d get to have a REAL relationship with another man, that the best he’d ever manage were meaningless hook-ups that were over as quickly as they began. But, what he and River had was real. They relied on each other, they needed each other. Duncan loved River’s determination and strength, the way he survived in spite of everything life had thrown at him. River loved Duncan’s sense of humor, his playfulness… Things that were finally starting to come back as Duncan started to feel safer.

River was the best thing that had ever happened to him… But he and River had met during the WORST event of Duncan’s life. How could it be that his most painful and most wonderful experiences had happened simultaneously, intertwined?

As Duncan thought this over, and the movie continued on the TV screen, River eventually ended up laying sideways. His head was resting in Duncan’s lap, his arms wrapped around his body. River’s body heat was so warm that it put Duncan in a new state of ease. He wished that this moment never had to end. He didn’t even care if they ended up not having sex again tonight, because everything that was happening now was just so perfect.

Before long, River had started to snore, fast asleep in Duncan’s lap. He looked adorable that way, eye lashes lightly brushing against his cheeks, breaths coming out slow and even, arms still coiled around Duncan and squeezing rather tautly against his bladder—

Okay… That last one wasn’t so cute. And it definitely wasn’t relaxing. Ugh, why hadn’t Duncan noticed that he had to pee until just NOW? And, why did noticing it have to make the urge so much worse? He’d been fine a moment ago, now he was cursing himself for the glasses of water he’d had with dinner, feeling them stretching out inside his bladder.

Should he wake River up…? No, probably not. Peaceful sleep was so hard for either one of them to come by, Duncan wouldn’t DARE take it away from River if he could help it. Duncan could wait until River woke back up… Just so long as he didn’t sneeze or laugh.

He checked which movie was playing now, wondering if it was one that featured any loud scenes. If it was, then perhaps River would wake up and Duncan wouldn’t have to feel quite so bad about it. But, few Christmas films were all that noisy, and Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer was a fairly quiet one. Hell, many of the songs would make alright lullabies. He didn’t think THIS would wake River up.

Not helping Duncan’s situation was the need to keep himself still. He didn’t want to be the one responsible for waking River up, and since he was coiled around his body, any jiggling or squirming would likely disturb him. His need for the toilet, which was already somewhat severe when he’d noticed it, had grown exponentially in the time since.

Duncan’s lips thinned as he hitched his hips just the slightest bit— Enough to take a little of the pressure away from his sphincters, but not enough to rouse River. His hands fluttered uselessly around his waist, River’s head still nestled in his lap and blocking him from being able to adjust his pants or pinch his urethra closed. His thighs pressed together until he felt them starting to cramp.

He told himself River would probably wake up soon. His position didn’t even look that comfy, so he couldn’t sleep for THAT long.

Half an hour later, with his bladder feeling nearly engorged from the pressure, Duncan was worrying that River was going to keep him pinned here for the rest of the night. As soon as that thought had presented itself, a far more worrying one chased it away; River wouldn’t keep him pinned here all night, because Duncan would wet his pants before morning came. River would DEFINITELY spring awake when his ‘pillow’ suddenly got warm and sopping wet while emitting a loud hissing sound.

A stabbing pulse from his bladder made Duncan jolt slightly in his seat, grinding himself against the cushion as subtly as he could manage. He looked back at the TV, trying to focus on IT instead of his bladder. He did his best to focus on Rudolph encountering the Island of Misfit Toys, only for his midsection to spasm so startlingly that he had to fling his upper body backwards to give his bloated ball of piss some space, hissing through his clenched teeth.

The swollen, tense lump encompassing his lower abdomen COULDN’T find enough room, though. The weight of River’s head in his lap was like placing cinderblocks atop his bladder, and he couldn’t get away from it. It all felt so heavy on his sphincters, muscles weakening beneath the strain. “Hfff…” he exhaled, trying to take in little puffs of air, as if that would calm the rest of his body down.

It didn’t. A small dribble of pee squirted free from his urethra. It wasn’t enough to leave a stain on his pants, but he could feel the wet patch on his boxers already. He ground his teeth together, bit down hard against a groan, and another trickle of heat jetted forth. He bounced lightly, unable to stop himself.

He felt another pulsing throb radiate from within his bladder, and he drummed his fingertips onto the couch’s armrest, for lack of anything more helpful to do. He leaked twice more, feeling the wet patch on his underwear growing ever larger. ‘Just… Just watch the stupid movie…’ he ordered himself. ‘Watch it, and forget about peeing.’

He made another attempt. He’d seen this thing loads of times, and he couldn’t recall any part of it that should make his bladder feel any worse, thankfully. He couldn’t think of any scenes involving water falls, or rivers, or toilets… Except, now he was just THINKING about water falls, rivers and toilets— Especially that LAST thing.

He was thinking about how there was a toilet right down the hall. He was thinking about how he could see the open door from his current position. He was thinking about how it would take him a maximum of ten steps to get there and empty himself. He was thinking about how GOOD that would feel…

God… It would feel amazing… He wanted nothing more than to rip down his pants and collapse onto the bowl, gushing away for all he was worth, his stream echoing with its force. If only the seat he was on right NOW were a toilet, if only River had fallen asleep on him in the bathroom instead, then he could just let it all out and stop feeling so bloated…

His bladder enjoyed his fantasy a little too much, its walls crumbling inwards and squeezing out another leak. This one carried on for several seconds, and he fought hard to clamp it off. He could do nothing to stem his spill apart from tightening up his already tensed thighs and gritting his muscles so hard that they burned. Eventually, it did cease, but he was sure the crotch of his pants looked wet now.

‘Ohhh, please wake up, River…’ Duncan pleaded silently. Maybe he SHOULD just shake him? This was getting really, really bad! River would certainly be more upset if he got woken up because Duncan pissed on him than if he got woken up because Duncan nudged him…

He reached for River, tapped his shoulder. “River…?” He whispered. He wasn’t sure why he was being so gentle, so soft, when he wanted River up and moving NOW. “River… Come on…” he said, poking him again. “I’m practically wetting myself… You have to let me up…”

***

‘I’m practically wetting myself!’ River thought, panic coursing through him. He was immensely confused by several things. First, and most troublingly, he could feel his long pigtails touching his shoulders, could feel a weight in his chest that was both foreign and somehow familiar, and the crotch of his pants was disturbingly empty. Second, he was at school, a place he hadn’t been to in several years. Third, his teacher had just said something about his Mom, as if his Mom was even a part of his life…

But, River didn’t think he had the time, nor the brainpower, to waste on figuring all of this out. His bladder was bloated and hard as a rock, and if he didn’t get to a fucking toilet soon, he wouldn’t NEED to figure out what had happened to his body, because it would be scattered all over the place in tiny, urine-flecked pieces.

He held himself and wriggled in his chair, his heart thumping in his ears as he did so. He was panicking from how bad he had to pee, and also from how his crotch felt beneath his hands. Something EXTREMELY important was missing. He could feel he was wearing short sleeves, and when he turned his head to look, the scar on his arm was gone too…

Christ, what was happening? Had he dreamed everything about the last several years of his life? The part with that Organization HAD been pretty surreal, so maybe…

Was he going to have to do it ALL over again? Come out to his parents, try to reason with them, try to get off the Estrogen… Would they react better than they had in his dream? He didn’t think so… He’d be homeless again, have to find someone to live with, since apparently Hugo was just a dream. Would he find someone as kind as Hugo, someone as willing to help him with his surgeries as Hugo?

Ohhh, God, and what about Duncan?! Duncan wasn’t real, either?! He didn’t have someone who loved him after all? Fuck, of course that had been a dream, Duncan had been too good to be true… Hugo, too… Fuck, fuck, he wanted his old life back, a lot of it had sucked, but it had been HIS—

A gasp fell from River’s lips as his bladder sent two hot spurts of piss into his… Well, he wasn’t going to check, but he was probably wearing panties… He clutched his hands against himself with more fervor when a stream started to slosh out. He crossed his legs beneath his desk, clenching his muscles, eyes welling with tears.

He needed the toilet, he could figure the rest out after he’d gone… What— What was happening now? What did he need to do to get himself to a bathroom? He finally looked up from his lap, gazed around the classroom. He recognized it as his homeroom from eighth grade. Shit… What classes had he been taking in eighth grade? God dammit, if there was a fucking test today he was going to set something on fire… And then not put it out, even though he was full of enough piss to do the job easily.

Okay, okay… It didn’t look like it was a test day. Actually, there were cookies and stuff out on some of the desks, and a TV sitting on a cart at the front of the room. It was a party day, so at least he wouldn’t have to actually go to school while he figured his situation out. And, more importantly, it should be easier to get to a restroom…

Dear fucking GOD he needed a restroom…

The TV was turned on, it started playing Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer, which meant Christmas was coming up, so he at least knew what month it was… His situation started to feel a LITTLE more familiar now that the movie was on, although he wasn’t sure why.

Nor did he care. He needed an empty bladder NOW. He struggled onto his feet, and it sort of felt almost like he had to REMEMBER how to hold it in with his old parts…? He didn’t bother moving his hands away from his crotch as he hobbled to the teacher’s desk and blurted out his request for the restroom. The teacher took way too damned long to respond, and River crossed his left leg over his right as he waited.

“Go ahead,” she said, waving him off.

River rushed for the door and threw it open, cursing madly under his breath as he tried his best to remember the layout of his high school. Where the fuck were the toilets? Christ! He must have made mad dashes to them at least four times a day when he’d been a teenager, how could he have forgotten their locations?!

He turned around a corner and managed to remember this hallway, and that there would be a restroom if he turned to the left at the end of it. He made an odd, limping walk down the hall, taking care to keep his legs pinched together as he moved. At last, he saw the doors he needed, and placed his hand on the one marked with a blue stick-man. Thank God… He’d never been so relieved to see a men’s—

Oh… Fuck, that was right…

Grumbling, he went to the OTHER door, and jiggled its handle. Locked. “You’ve gotta be shitting me…” he muttered. Not like he wanted to use the girls’ anyway… He returned to the FIRST door and tried to open IT up, but it refused to budge as well.

And then it struck River why this situation felt so familiar. It was the last day of eighth grade before Winter break, he’d had too much fruit punch at the party. When the class sat down to watch Rudolph, he was hit with a powerful need to urinate… And then he’d spent the rest of the day flailing around in desperation and yanking on door handles because the school had decided, in all its brilliance, to lock some of the rooms up EARLY for the break. And, of course, they’d decided to pick the ones MOST important to River.

How had that ended…? Right, he’d eventually gotten so pissed off and needy that he’d gone out the back door of the school, dragged himself to the little bit of woods behind it, tore down his pants, crouched, and watered the everliving crap out of a poor, defenseless bush. Nobody had caught him doing it, and when he’d gotten back up he’d flipped off the school building for driving him to it…

So, should he just skip straight to THAT part and avoid all of the mindless running around and pulling on locked doors…? His bladder blazed within him, telling him that that was the PERFECT plan…

***

“River…” Duncan whined, jostling River’s shoulder more sharply. “Come onnnn… I’m bursting!” He was beginning to feel LESS bad about getting River up, and NOT because he was having such an awful emergency. River had begun to fidget around in his sleep, his expression going pinched. It was clear he was having a nightmare and would APPRECIATE being woken up.

Duncan had given up on quelling his squirms, he jiggled his legs and tried his best to reach a hand past River’s head so he could grab at himself. Finally, he shoved River harder and the other’s eyes popped open. Wild and frantic, his pupils darted around the room as his breathing went from completely panicked to only SORT OF panicked.

“River, let me up, I need—“

“I have to go piss!” River interrupted, lurching up onto his feet, before stumbling and stomping them against the floor, hands flung between his legs. Duncan watched as he grabbed himself, watched his expression visibly slacken with relief, his breaths evening out as he squeezed away. “Oh… Thank fuck…” he muttered, confusing Duncan to no end, as it wasn’t like he was at the toilet, peeing yet…

“You need to go, too?” Duncan whimpered out, now grabbing his own dick with both hands. He wouldn’t be surprised if he had a gallon stored inside himself, judging by the overwhelming pain in his bladder.

“Like crazy!” River said. “I’ll— You go in the toilet, I’ll use the sink.”

“We can BOTH use the—“

“It’ll be easier for you to sit this way,” River reasoned. “I’ll just…”

“I’ll— I’ll stand this time, if you’re with me it won’t be as scary to face away from the door.”

The decision made, they both struggled to the restroom, hands clutched between tensed thighs. River was reaching beneath his waistband before they’d passed the doorway, and Duncan let out three more dribbly spurts hobbling up to the toilet.

River aimed himself, a droplet plinking into the bowl, followed by two more as he jumped in place and waited for Duncan to free himself as well. Once Duncan was in the right position, River stopped holding back, releasing a torrent that far outmatched the one he’d doused the bush with in eighth grade.

Duncan’s stream crashed into the bowl beside River’s, ripping a loud moan from his throat as waves of piss were evacuated from his bladder. It felt even better than he’d been imagining, everything in him was loosening, losing all its tension. His shoulders, his back, his poor, poor bladder… His thighs, his knees, his legs—

He started to go a little wobbly… The muscles in charge of holding him upright relaxing SO much that they were forgetting they still had a job to do. He pissed sitting down so often now that he was used to just letting EVERYTHING fall apart when he went, he wavered, trying not to let his legs fall asleep.

River had both hands on his dick, but he let one go when he noticed Duncan wavering. He assumed the guy was just sleepy, so he put a hand on his shoulder to keep him steadier until he was done.

River finished first, and Duncan tapered off a few seconds later, exhaling loudly and stumbling backwards against the wall, grinning. “I…” he panted out. “I… I like cuddling you… But if you’re gonna fall asleep… warn me so I can pee first…”

River laughed, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to trap you.”

“It’s okay… Hey, were you having a bad dream?”

“Not… Not exactly,” River said. “I had to pee really bad, so I kinda just had a dream about ANOTHER time I had to pee really bad back at school… And I was, like, super confused because my body was… Like it WAS, and I thought I’d just dreamed everything about the last few years, since…”

“Since the Organization sounds like something out of a nightmare?” Duncan guessed.

“That, and because sometimes I think you and Hugo are too good to be true.”

“Aww…” Duncan held him. “MOSTLY me, right?”

“Eheh, yeah… Mostly you.”
