The Patience of a Saint -- A Toaru Majutsu no Index Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-05-07 04:51

Another commissioned story by @Infecteddeer12 here! This one stars Kanzaki Kaori, as she prioritizes protecting Touma from a distance over going to the bathroom! I always have fun writing for Toaru, so I hope you guys enjoy this one!

The Patience of a Saint

Standing over the rooftops, overlooking Academy City’s District 7, stood the young leader of the Amakuza-Style Remix Church. Clad in her usual attire with her T-shirt tied to show off her midriff and her jeans with one leg torn high up her thigh, she crossed her arms as she observed the adults and college students who did not have to adhere to a curfew bustling around.

Without any incidents going on, there weren’t many people running around this late, especially in District 7, where the residents were largely made up of middle and high school students who were not allowed to wander at night. Perhaps it was because of this relative quiet that when the footsteps of another landed on the rooftop, Kanzaki immediately moved to grab her sword, and turned around to spot a familiar blonde-haired student heading her way.

“Tsuchimikado,” Kanzaki greeted curtly, “What brings you here tonight?”

“Well, I found myself with a bit of time, which seems to be a rarity these days,” Tsuchimikado laughed, though his expression was hard to read behind his sunglasses, which he still wore despite the late hour.

“I know you didn’t seek me out just for small talk,” Kanzaki pointed out, removing her hand from her sword and crossing them over her chest, “Is it something important?”

“I’m not allowed to simply visit a fellow Magician from the magic side?” Tsuchimikado asked, in mock offense. Seeing Kanzaki was not amused, he smiled and changed his tone, “Well, I suppose there was something I wanted to talk to you about. Or more specifically, someone.”

Kanzaki’s expression immediately shifted, and there was a glint in her eyes.

“Kamijou Touma,” she guessed.

“Bingo,” Tsuchimikado nodded, a grin spreading across his face, “I don’t know if you’re aware, but our school’s closed tomorrow, which means that Touma will have the day off. With that unexpected abundance of time, I wonder what he’ll get up to. Nothing good, I imagine, with that pesky power of his.”

“W-well, what he gets up to in his free time is none of our business,” Kanzaki pointed out, “Unless something’s going on that involves Index, or if he’s in danger.”

“Hmm, I wonder about that,” Tsuchimikado replied nonchalantly, “Come to think of it, I did catch wind of a situation that could mean trouble.”

Immediately Kanzaki’s expression hardened, and she turned to Tsuchimikado with a grave expression on her face. In contrast, his face was painted with a carefree grin, and the light caught one of the lenses on his sunglasses. It irritated Kanzaki how easygoing he was acting.

“You mean like a magician attack?”

“Well, nothing that far, I don’t think,” Tsuchimikado smiled, “Though, I imagine Touma would be a lot safer tomorrow if he has you to watch over and protect him.”

“Did you really come up here to task me with being Kamijou-san’s bodyguard?” Kanzaki asked.

“Of course not, like I said, I had some free time, and wanted to visit a friend from the Magic Side,” Tsuchimikado answered, “If you decide to look after Touma or not, I’m sure he’ll be fine in the end. Though I imagine you’d also enjoy looking after him, am I right?”

Kanzaki blushed, and turned around to fervently deny Tsuchimikado’s teasing, but instead, she was nearly smacked in the face with a magazine with an exceptionally girly cover. She glanced down, and read the front cover aloud.

“‘Need help getting a man? Here are 20 tips and tricks to make yourself more noticeable to that special someone’…!? Tsuchimikado!”

Kanzaki was ready to wipe the cheeky smirk off of the blond magician’s face, but he merely smiled and jumped off the edge of the roof, landing gracefully on a balcony below and making his escape. Kanzaki let out an irritated sigh and placed her hand on her forehead.

“I can’t believe him…” she frowned, “Still, looking after Kamijou-san… That’s a simple enough task, and if it means he stays safe…”

With that, Kanzaki nodded to herself. She owed Kamijou Touma for all the times he had stepped in to save the day and protect Index. If all she had to do was watch over him for a day, she could do that easily.

“It’s not like I have any ulterior motives,” she spoke to no one in particular, more as if she were trying to convince herself. She kept looking down at the magazine Tsuchimikado had handed her, “I’m just protecting him, there’s no special meaning behind it.”

Still, despite her words, a blush crept up on her face, and she couldn’t bring herself to toss out the magazine.

###

“Touma, Touma! I’m hungry!”

“Yeah yeah, I’m coming, give me a second.”

Touma let out a tired yawn as he set breakfast down on the table in front of Index. With the quickest of thank yous, she eagerly snatched up the bowl and began eating voraciously. Touma grabbed himself a helping and began tiredly munching on his rice.

Due to some unexpected circumstances, his school was closed today. It was apparently some sort of regular maintenance and inspection day done for the sake of the Power Development Program, but the exact explanation went over Touma’s head. All that mattered was that he had the day off, and he was able to sleep in a little.

So, they were starting the day quite late. Though Index’s stomach wouldn’t allow Touma to sleep in too long. She had woken him up to make breakfast, and now they sat, the late morning sun filtering in through his window.

“Touma, Touma,” Index began, her mouth still stuffed with food, “Can we go somewhere fun today, since you have the day off?”

“A-ah, well,” Touma scratched the back of his head, “Actually, I was going to go run some errands today. There’s a really good sale going on, but I was afraid I was going to miss out because of school. You can come with me if you want.”

“Aw, that’s boring,” Index pouted, “Can’t we do something fun instead?”

“We’re running low on groceries,” Touma pointed out, “This breakfast used up the last of the eggs, and we’re out of miso. I’m running low on tofu and vegetables too. So unless you don’t want to eat anything for dinner tonight, I’m going to need to go shopping.”

“Hmph,” Index pouted, crossing her arms.

Touma sighed, “While I’m out, I can buy you those steamed buns from that truck that you like.”

Index’s expression immediately changed, and her eyes lit up with sparkles.

“Really, really?”

“Sure,” Touma nodded, “It’s out of the way if I’m just walking home from school, but since I have the day off, I can swing by.”

“Steamed buns, steamed buns~” Index sang happily, even as she continued to eat the breakfast right in front of her. Touma smiled and shook his head. Index was easy to bribe with food, as always.

And so, after breakfast, Touma set out towards the markets. Little did he know, he wasn’t alone.

Kanzaki Kaori watched carefully as Touma left his house. She had taken a vantage point on top of the roof across from his dorm, and had been observing the front door patiently since earlier that morning. Now that he was leaving his dorm, however, she would have to follow him. She jumped gracefully down off the roof and landed in the alleyway, watching from a distance as he walked casually down the sidewalk.

The reason for her acting so covert was simple. Kamijou Touma did not often get to relax given his hectic life. It was for this reason that Kanzaki had vowed not to alert him to anything wrong today. She would keep watch over him from a distance, looking out for any danger, and he would be none the wiser, able to enjoy his day off in peace.

It’s the least I can do for him. Kanzaki reasoned.

As she followed Touma to the shops, part of her felt bad about this arrangement. Not only was she effectively tailing him, but he had no idea of her presence. It wasn’t like she wanted the recognition of protecting Touma, but if she was going to spend her day following Touma around, she wished she could at least spend that time with him.

Kanzaki blushed at the thought and shook her head. Whatever her personal feelings were, her mission today was to watch over Touma like a guardian angel, and she would play her part well.

She observed Touma as he entered a grocery store. Like Touma had told Index that morning, they were advertising a huge sale, and even though most residents of District 7 were in school at this hour, it seemed the shop was still packed. Kanzaki slipped into the crowd of people bustling to make it before all the sale items were gone, and she watched from a distance as Touma shoved his way eagerly to the fresh vegetables.

So, this is the daily life of Kamijou Touma…

There was something intimate about Kanzaki simply bearing witness to Touma’s day to day life. She found herself blushing again, and pushed those feelings down. As she weaved through the crowd, however, another feeling rose up inside of her. This time from her abdomen.

She had to pee.

It wasn’t urgent. Just a slight nagging, but come to think of it, she had spent the last few hours carefully observing Touma’s dorm, making sure no harm came to him that morning. In preparation for the day, she had eaten a hearty breakfast and hydrated well, and she had brought along a small bag with her filled with spare snacks and drinks stored up just in case, but she hadn’t considered using the bathroom. She wasn’t sure when, or even if, she’d get the chance to go, and she began worrying.

Unfortunately, while her mind was on that, Touma had slipped back into the crowd, and Kanzaki panicked. She had allowed herself to lose sight of him. She quickly scanned the store, looking for that iconic spiky hair of his, and upon spotting him paying for his groceries, she let out a sigh of relief.

Pushing her needs to the back of her mind, she discreetly followed Touma out of the store, and watched him move on to the next one.

Kanzaki trailed him more carefully this time, making sure to keep her eyes on him whenever he went into a crowd. As she walked, however, she felt the slight urge to pee creep back up, and she placed a hand over her abdomen to gauge its urgency. She would be fine for a couple of hours, she was sure, if not uncomfortable, but beyond that she had no idea.

Still, she had almost lost sight of Touma already. Imagine if she slacked off and thought she could slip off to the toilets, only to come back and have no idea where he was.

Or worse, what if he gets attacked when I’m not there, just because of my bladder?

Kanzaki shook her head. She would not allow that to happen. This was her mission. And it wasn’t like this was the first mission where the circumstances required her to hold it. In particular, she remembered getting caught up in a really long fight with two magicians with strong teleportation magic. It was a frantic chase where she felt like she couldn’t even land a hit. It had dragged on for the better part of the day, and naturally Kanzaki couldn’t stop to relieve herself anywhere.

She remembered frantically trying to finish the fight while avoiding any blows to the abdomen, out of fear that one would be the last straw for her bladder. She won the fight and practically dashed behind the nearest bush before her bladder gave out. If the fight had gone on longer, she absolutely would’ve wet herself.

Compared to that, her slight urge now was nothing, and she could put up with holding it for a while if it meant Touma was safe.

Kanzaki trailed Touma to the next store, which was a different grocery store that, as far as Kanzaki could see, wasn’t advertising any special offers. She watched carefully as Touma made his way through the aisles, picking up dried noodles and rice and a large quantity of snacks. Had Kanzaki not known Index, she might’ve been alarmed at just how much food he was buying. However, since she knew that the girl had a monstrous appetite, watching Touma dutifully fill his basket with snacks meant for Index brought a smile to her lips.

He’s definitely good at taking care of Index.

Kanzaki found herself imagining what it would be like for Touma to treat her like that, coming home from a day of shopping with her favorite foods. She blushed at the thought and was forced to tuck away when Touma looked in her direction.

As she waited, hoping that Touma hadn’t noticed her, she felt her bladder send another nagging signal, and she gave her thighs a quick squeeze. It still wasn’t that bad, but she could tell she was filling up faster than she thought. She had made sure to drink plenty of water, since it was a particularly hot day, but now it was starting to find its way into her bladder.

Pushing her worries and the subtle pressure in her abdomen to the back of her mind, Kanzaki turned her attention back to Touma. He had turned his attention back to shopping, and before long he had a basket filled to the brim with food, and was making his way up to the front counters to pay.

As Kanzaki watched him, she glanced over and saw a sign to the restrooms. Her bladder nagged her at the sight, and she was half-tempted to slip in.

Surely with that amount of food, I could make it out before Touma finished up in line.

Ultimately, though, she decided against it. While she was worried, she wasn’t that full yet, and for all Kanzaki knew, Touma was just going out grocery shopping. Once he made it back home, he would be much safer, as she and Stile had set up a number of protections around the entire building, out of reach of Touma and his destructive Imagine Breaker. At that point she could slip off to relieve herself and then return to her station on the roof across from his dorm without issue.

She stood there stiffly, trying to ignore her bladder’s nagging and the tempting call of the toilet sign as the cashier deftly bagged up all of Touma’s items and handed him a couple of large bags, in addition to the bags Touma was already carrying. His hands were getting full, and Kanzaki was tempted to reveal herself an offer to carry some of them for him.

Still, that would defeat the purpose of her being discreet, and she was sure that if she approached Touma now, he would see through her and know something was up. She didn’t exactly come visit him on a regular basis unless there was something brewing on the Magic Side.

Come to think of it, we’ve been pretty distant lately…

The thought brought a frown to Kanzaki’s face, and she all but forgot her mild discomfort, instead thinking back to the last time she really got to talk to Touma directly, one-on-one. Her mind came up blank, and she allowed herself a small sigh. Just then, however, she caught Touma finishing up and leaving the store, so she pushed those thoughts to the back of her mind as well and continued tailing the spiky-haired boy.

As Touma walked back out onto the sidewalk, he found himself running into a familiar face. Quite literally. A girl with shoulder-length black hair barreled into him in quite the hurry, and Touma found himself tumbling over and dropping his bags.

“Oh my, I’m so sorry!”

Touma looked up, surprised to see the person who had just knocked into him.

“Itsuwa?”

The girl was also a member of the Amakuza-Style Remix Church, and did not normally reside in Academy City. In fact, seeing her here also surprised Kanzaki, and it gave credence to the fact that something was going on. She slipped down an alleyway to hide and observe them, ignoring the nagging from her bladder as she knelt down and put pressure on it.

Did Tsuchimikado not tell me the whole story… No, more importantly, if Itsuwa’s here on a mission, why didn’t Saiji or the others notify me that anything was happening?

“A-a-ah, Kamijou-san!”

Itwuwa immediately bent down and started helping Touma pick up his things. Touma began picking them up as well, but he still turned to Itsuwa, clearly confused.

“What brings you to Academy City?”

“A-ah,” Itsuwa blushed, “W-well, I asked to stay here undercover, to keep an eye on things. It was more of a personal request, not anything urgent.”

Kanzaki overheard the conversation and frowned, crossing her arms. She didn’t know if Itsuwa was trying to keep Touma from worrying, as she was, or if she was being genuine, though knowing the girl, she didn’t seem like the person who could lie even if it was to prevent someone from worrying.

She continued to observe their interactions, as Itsuwa finished helping Touma pick things up, and the two stood there, moving to the side so they weren’t in the way of other pedestrians as they talked. All the while she felt another nagging sensation from her bladder, and she pushed it to the back of her mind, straining her ears to eavesdrop.

“You seemed to be in a hurry,” Touma pointed out, “Where were you headed?”

“Oh,” Itsuwa fiddled with her fingers awkwardly, “Sorry about that again. There’s some really good sales going on, and while the Amakuza give me a decent enough stipend while I’m staying here, it’s always nice to save some money when I can!”

“Ah, I see,” Touma nodded, “Actually, I’m out shopping myself. What store is it? If it’s a good enough sale, we can head there together.”

Kanzaki frowned, and felt a pang of jealousy tug at her. She dreaded the idea of following Touma from the shadows while her own subordinate stood right next to him, enjoying their time together. Not to mention that the whole while, her bladder would be filling up more and more.

However, Itsuwa immediately blushed and looked down at her feet “Oh, no, I don’t think you’ll be interested in the sale I’m going to.”

“Oh? But as a Level 0, we’re not given much, so I take advantage of all the deals I can get, even if it’s not something I usually eat,” Touma replied.

Itsuwa’s blush deepened, “W-well, it’s not exactly food…”

“Ah, but if it’s other handy items, like supplies, or clothes, it’s not a bad idea to check it out, right?”

Itsuwa shrunk even further down, “Well, it is clothes… but…”

“But what?” Touma scratched his head, completely oblivious, and even from her hidden spot, Kanzaki found herself placing a hand on her forehead.

That idiot… read the atmosphere…

“bras…” Itsuwa finally answered, almost too quietly for Touma to hear, let alone Kanzaki.

“I didn’t quite catch that.”

“Bras!” Itsuwa said louder, her blush a deep red extending down to her shoulders by this point, “W-wh-when you… when you’re my size… it can be hard to… well… larger ones can be… a bit expensive… so when there’s a sale…”

Touma blushed and finally realized, too late, why Itsuwa had been coy about it.

“Ah, sorry, Itsuwa. I didn’t realize it was something like that.”

Itsuwa was left a stuttering, embarrassed mess, and as Touma tried to comfort her, Kanzaki let out a sigh.

He’s far too dense sometimes for his own good, but he’s genuine to a fault.

She blushed, and as she watched him try to cheer up Itsuwa after inadvertently making her say something so embarrassing, Kanzaki found herself wishing she were beside him instead.

However, the feeling was abruptly cut off by a sudden wave of pressure from her abdomen. Kanzaki was caught completely off guard, and from her hiding spot, she grabbed herself and shuffled around. She shifted her legs so she wasn’t putting so much pressure on her abdomen, and the wave subsided, but the nagging feeling of her bladder was now at the forefront of her mind.

This is bad, I’m filling up much faster than I thought. Was it because of the tea I drank this morning?

Kanzaki watched as Itsuwa finally regained her composure, and the two of them split ways. It was only then that Kanzaki realized that she had just lost a potential opportunity to slip off to the bathroom. She was so focused on not wanting to watch and follow Itsuwa and Touma around out of jealousy that she failed to consider something.

With Itsuwa there with Kamijou-san, I could’ve slipped off to the restroom while leaving Itsuwa to help protect him. And if I lost sight of them, I could’ve used Itsuwa’s magic signature to track them down easily. But now that he’s alone…

Still, the alternative would be Touma following Itsuwa to shop for underwear, and Kanzaki was sure that in the long run, that would be far worse than her current need to pee. Especially if she was stuck watching them.

No, it’s fine… Now that the wave’s gone, it’s not that bad. I can hold it.

And so, Kanzaki slipped out of the alleyway and discreetly followed Touma as he made his way to his next destination.

Touma visited two other shops, with Kanzaki dutifully following him. Unfortunately for her, Touma gave no indication of slowing down, despite the fact that he was now carrying a cumbersome number of bags. Worse still, all the while Kanzaki could feel her bladder slowly filling up. The nagging sensation in the back of her mind was now at the forefront, and impossible to ignore. She was uncomfortable, and definitely at the point that, if she wasn’t protecting Touma from a distance, she would make finding a bathroom a priority.

Kanzaki got her hopes up when she noticed that Touma seemed like he was starting to head back to his dorm, but then he stopped at a food stand to order lunch, and her heart dropped. Touma was frugal, and if he was stopping for lunch rather than simply waiting until he got home, that meant he planned on staying out for quite a while longer.

Kanzaki watched as Touma brought his food to an outdoor table and sat down to eat. She found a bench out of Touma’s line of sight where she could sit down and watch him without him noticing. It was the perfect opportunity for her to eat her own lunch. Or at least, it would’ve been, if her bladder wasn’t uncomfortably full. Still, she didn’t want to deal with both hunger and a full bladder, so she grabbed a rice ball out of her bag and began eating it, trying not to shuffle too much on the bench.

Kanzaki finished it quickly, and turned her attention back to her bag. In it were a few water bottles and some more tea, and despite her urge to pee, her mouth was dry and she was feeling quite parched. She would need to drink something. Hesitant to drink more tea, especially given how quickly she was filling up, Kanzaki reached for the water bottle. She took a few swigs, and almost immediately her bladder sent waves of protest running through her.

She squeezed her thighs together and put the water bottle down for a moment. The pressure hit her harder than she was expecting, while her urge to pee had been noticable before, this was definitely growing close to desperation. She fought back, hoping that the feeling would subside, and it finally did.

Unfortunately, Kanzaki had only managed to take small sips, and so her thirst still lingered in her mind. She generally liked to keep herself well-hydrated, so the scratchiness in her throat was unpleasant, but she knew that too much water would only make the situation worse.

Eventually, she settled on a compromise. She took another few swigs, hoping that her bladder wouldn’t react as negatively. To her relief, it didn’t, only slightly nagging her as she heard the sloshing water and felt it wet her dry mouth and parched throat on its way down.

Kanzaki knew that it would eventually make its way to her bladder, but now that the strong wave had passed and her thirst was quenched, she was feeling a little better.

Unfortunately, while the whole ordeal with the water bottle felt like ages to Kanzaki, it had only been a few minutes, and Touma was still taking his time with his own meal. That left Kanzaki to sit on the bench, occasionally shuffling her legs desperately.

Kanzaki looked back down at her bag, but not to the bottles inside. Instead she saw the magazine she had tucked away. It was the one Tsuchimikado had handed her yesterday.

She blushed. She didn’t want to be caught reading such an embarrassing thing, but she needed something to take her mind off her ever-filling bladder. Not only that, but something about Touma and Itsuwa’s brief interaction had sparked something in her.

Kanzaki squeezed her thighs together tightly, trying to push the urge to pee to the back of her mind again, and started reading.

“Can’t get a guy to look your way? Or worried that someone else will snatch him away? Here’s 20 Tips and Tricks from married women who’ll teach you how to land your man!”

Kanzaki rolled her eyes as she continued to read. Many of the “tips and tricks” seemed obvious. Give them gifts you know they’d like. Wear outfits you know they’d like. Find out what their interests are and cater to them. All stuff that seemed pretty obvious. Not only was this not useful information, it wasn’t helping Kanzaki take her mind off her bladder. She shuffled her legs on the bench and continued reading idly, but she kept looking up, hoping Touma would finish his lunch and leave.

“Tip 11, Show that you’re loyal! Even if it doesn’t seem like the guy in question is interested in you, or if you have any rivals of love, loyalty wins out in the end! Show that you’re willing to do anything for your man, and go to any lengths. If you’re always there for him no matter what, he won’t be able to ignore your feelings!”

Unlike the other tips, Kanzaki zeroed in on this one. It was loyalty and devotion that would get across feelings of love the best, not outfits or gifts.

In fact, I’m already doing this now, aren’t I? I’m willing to put off relieving myself and following Kamijou-san around to keep him safe. If I think of this like a test of loyalty, I’m sure I’ll be able to hold it!

Kanzaki blushed, but was grateful to the magazine for giving her the determination to hold it. Thinking of it that way, she shoved the urge to pee to the back of her mind and continued skimming through the rest of the magazine’s articles.

This worked until Touma got up to leave, prompting Kanzaki to do the same. She slipped into an alleyway again to avoid getting spotted by Touma as he looked around, but the sudden movements and quick dash sent a shock through her bladder. Kanzaki was glad she was hidden as she danced and squirmed around, trying to push back against the wave of pressure.

She bit her lip and steeled herself as Touma threw out the wrappers from his food and continued on. She slipped from the alleyway into a crowd, squeezing her thighs together as she walked and otherwise trying not to make her need too obvious. She stood out enough with her usual outfit. The last thing she needed was to draw everyone’s attention by shuffling down the street unnaturally.

Touma stopped suddenly and Kanzaki was forced to make another sudden dash around the corner as she split off from the crowd, who continued to walk onwards. Something had caught Touma’s eye, and he was now looking into the window of a bookstore. Kanzaki composed herself despite her full bladder, and made her way in behind him.

Touma made his way over to a section that looked like it was filled with antique books, and picked up a dusty one with a red leather-bound cover. Kanzaki was surprised, as she didn’t know Touma to be too interested in literature. Though considering the book’s odd, out-of-place appearance, it’s possible he was testing to see if it had magical properties with his Imagine Breaker.

Either way, Kanzaki was now stuck watching Touma reading the contents of the book, shuffling in place slightly from behind an adjacent bookshelf. She was already pushing it with how small the bookstore was. There weren’t many places for her to hide should Touma notice her peeking through the shelves.

Worse still, the fact that she was in such a stereotypical situation such as getting stuck in a bookstore with not restrooms needing to pee, it seemed to only heighten her need. It wasn’t like she would’ve gone if there were any restrooms, but just the knowledge there weren’t any available seemed to make her body react negatively.

Kanzaki crossed her legs quietly and tried not to make too much noise in the quiet bookstore as she watched Touma put down one book and pick up another. She still couldn’t tell if he was reading them or studying them as potential magic artifacts, but she wished she could simply reveal herself to him and tell him that they were all normal, regular books, if only to make him leave the store and continue on faster.

Suddenly, a stronger wave struck Kanzaki, and she was forced to dance in place and double over as she tried to fight her bladder. She squeezed her thighs and tugged at the torn leg of her pants as she fought the urge to grab herself.

Just then, Touma looked over, and Kanzaki was forced to grab a book and hide behind it, Hoping Touma wouldn’t notice her through the small gap in the bookshelf. In her haste, she had rather unhelpfully grabbed a book discussing traditional wood carving, and was now staring face-to-face with a print of the famous Great Wave off Kanagawa. She had seen the work so many times, but now it seemed to be moving, coming alive and sloshing as if to mock her full bladder.

The wave passed, and thankfully Touma had turned away, but he was still browsing the books, and Kanzaki was growing ever more desperate. She checked the time impatiently and realized it had been 3 hours since she started following Touma around the city. Worse still, she had gotten to his dorm in the early hours, meaning it had been at least a good 6 or 7 hours since she woke up that morning and relieved herself.

Kanzaki bit her lip, but shook her head. This was for Touma’s sake. She thought back to the tip she had read in the magazine. This was a test of her loyalty and patience, a testament to her devotion to Touma, even if he didn’t know she was there. The important part was keeping Touma safe. Her bodily needs could, no… would wait.

Standing awkwardly and trying to find a book about deserts or anything dry to take her mind off of her ever-growing need, Kanzaki waited for Touma to grow tired of perusing the antique books and leave. She tried to move around the store, as to not arouse suspicion from the scant few other patrons browsing the isles, disguising her desperate dance as her slowly shuffling down the bookshelves.

Finally, after what felt like ages, Touma had seen enough of the books. Kanzaki still didn’t know what to make of the exchange, or why Touma had been interested in them in the first place, but she was just glad he was finally leaving the bookstore.

She followed, shuffling along quite a bit slower than she had before, as Touma headed down and continued to make his way to the next store. Kanzaki’s bladder made it uncomfortable to walk, and she could barely maintain appearances as she squeezed her thighs together with every step. Sweat beaded up on her forehead, and she clenched her fists at her side, wanting nothing more than to hold herself to alleviate at least some of the pressure.

Her tight pants weren’t helping the matter, and she could feel her waistband dig into her bladder, which was starting to bulge out from its fullness. She was grateful she had the cover of the crowd to hide her stiff walk from Touma.

This is for Kamijou-san’s sake! I can hold it all day, as long as I keep him safe!

Touma turned down the sidewalk and began heading for yet another grocery store, and a sign outside gave Kanzaki a small glimmer of hope. It was a sale for meat and eggs. Both needed refrigeration, so it was highly likely that Touma would head straight home after this. If this was Touma’s last stop, Kanzaki would only have to make it until he returned to his dorm.

Unfortunately, just before Touma entered, he stopped, and Kanzaki recognized the brown-haired girl who had caught his attention.

“Biribiri?” Touma asked, surprised.

Misaka Mikoto, who had her back turned, immediately whirled around at his voice and blushed. Kanzaki once again slipped down an alleyway out of sight, though she stayed standing up. She didn’t think crouching down was a good idea with how full her bladder was. Instead, she crossed her legs and danced in place as she listened in on them.

“W-w-what are you doing here? Don’t you have school?” she asked.

“Our school closed down for the day, something about the Power Development Program doing maintenance there or something,” Touma explained, “Anyway, aren’t you the same, don’t you have school today?”

“Our classes end earlier than yours,” she pointed out.

Touma checked his phone for the time, and his eyes widened, “Oh wow, I didn’t realize it was this late already. I guess I’ve been running around a lot today.”

Kanzaki grit her teeth, all too aware of the time and just how long Touma had been running around. She shuffled desperately, silently urging them to hurry up.

“Just out shopping?” Misaka asked, pointing at all the bags he was carrying.

“Yeah,” Touma replied simply, “Anyway, what are you up to? This isn’t near Tokiwadai.”

“A-a-ah, well, I was just…” Misaka blushed, turning away, “I mean, I was just walking around after school! I wasn’t specifically hoping to run into you or anything!”

Touma gave her a puzzled look, as he hadn’t said anything like that.

“A-anyway, you doing okay? You look tired, and those bags don’t look light,” Misaka pointed out.

Touma nodded, “I’m fine. Though I guess it is pretty hot out today.”

Misaka suddenly grabbed Touma’s hand, and Kanzaki’s desperation briefly left her mind as she surged with jealousy.

“L-L-Let me buy you a drink, then!”

“W-wait, Biribiri-!?”

Kanzaki seethed with envy as Misaka grabbed Touma’s hand and whisked him away. She moved to practically chase after them. However, her first step reminded her of her full bladder as the jolt shot straight up her leg and she doubled over with an intense wave of pressure. She bit her lip and jammed her hands between her crotch, desperately fighting back. She could feel the contents of her bladder slam against her muscles as it tried to force its way out, and she was seriously worried she would leak.

Thankfully, the wave subsided, and Kanzaki was left dry. Unfortunately, she was quickly losing Touma and Misaka, and she had to awkwardly and quickly shuffle after them, being careful not to hit her bladder with another strong jolt like that again.

Misaka managed to drag Touma to the nearby park and and it’s quite infamous vending machine before realizing she had been holding his hand the whole time. She blushed furiously and sputtered as she turned to order them drinks from the vending machine.

Kanzaki squeezed her legs as she tucked down behind a nearby bush, glaring at Misaka. Not only was she spending time with Touma, but the park she had dragged them to had a very loud, very obvious fountain only a few meters away from where Kanzaki was hiding.

She tried to drown out the noise and eavesdrop on Touma and Misaka’s conversation, but she couldn’t focus on anything but constant splashes and trickles from the fountain. It was torture for her swollen bladder, which by this point was struggling to hold it all in. Kanzaki was well and truly desperate at this point, and she doubled over and used the bush as cover to hold herself unabashedly.

I need to pee. I need to pee. I need to pee.

Kanzaki briefly considered leaving Touma in Misaka’s hands, knowing full well if anything were to happen, the two of them could at least hold their own until Kanzaki returned from a much-needed trip to the toilet. After all, she had considered doing the same had Itsuwa stayed with him, and that was when she was far less desperate. However, she was driven by more than just her need to pee. If staying with Touma and fighting against her full bladder was a test of her devotion, than giving in and leaving him with Misaka was akin to giving him up.

So, Kanzaki waited in agony, the fountain doing her no favors as her overfilled bladder begged for relief. She shuffled and twisted her legs together as she desperately held on, glaring at Misaka, who had inadvertently held her up. Touma was about to make his last stop for shopping, and he would’ve headed straight home after. It was only because of Misaka dragging him away that Kanzaki was now desperately holding herself, trying not to leak as she watched the two of them talk together.

Suddenly, a powerful wave hit Kanzaki’s bladder, and she had to bite her lip to avoid letting out a surprised gasp. She clamped down harder, squeezing her thighs together until her fingers were white between them, grasping at her crotch through her pants and trying to fight back the pressure.

Kanzaki felt her muscles quiver, and a leak escaped into her panties. She felt her jeans with her hands and was relieved to feel they were still dry, and that the leak hadn’t made it through, but it was a small comfort. She squeezed her eyes shut and fought with all her might to close the floodgates before she leaked again.

She finally regained some modicum of control, but she was really starting to worry that she was running out of time. She bit her lip and looked back over at Touma and Misaka, neither of whom seemed to be ready to go anywhere as they chatted idly on the bench near the vending machine.

This is bad, I have to pee. I don’t know how much longer I can hold it!

Kanzaki frowned in worry, but then suddenly, a realization hit her. She was in a bush already, only holding herself because she was well hidden from everyone. She looked around. No one was nearby. No one else would spot her here.

She could pee right here, in the bush, and then keep following Touma like nothing had happened.

Kanzaki blushed. Ordinarily, she wouldn’t consider doing such a thing. But she was not beyond relieving herself wherever possible if necessity called for it, and in this case, unless she wanted to stop watching over Touma, she would have to do it here.

I guess this is also counts as doing anything for him…

Kanzaki debated a few more seconds, but her bladder sent another desperate wave shooting through her, and she made up her mind.

No, I’ll definitely do it here! It’s my only choice if I don’t want to wet myself.

Kanzaki carefully unbuckled her pants, hooking her thumbs underneath the waistband of them and her panties and slid them off without exposing herself too much. She then squatted and spread her legs, preparing to relax. She let out a brief squirt onto the grass below, but then suddenly she looked up and noticed Touma and Misaka getting up.

No… why now?

The two waved goodbye to eachother, with Misaka blushing furiously from something Touma said, and Touma began heading off. Kanzaki had only let a little out, and she could tell from her bladder that she’d be peeing for a while. If she waited to finish, Touma would be long gone by the time she was ready to catch up. Kanzaki despaired and clamped her legs shut. She shuffled desperately, trying to switch back from relaxing her muscles to pee to squeezing them shut to hold it longer.

She quickly pulled her pants back up, her bladder still agonizingly full, and now madder than ever at her from the brief tease of relief she had given it. She leaked a little as she stood up, and carefully hobbled more than walked after Touma, still trying to be as discreet as possible as she followed him.

I have to pee. I’m going to leak. I was so close to peeing, why couldn’t you stay in the park longer?

Kanzaki somehow managed to shuffle along relatively unseen and follow Touma back to the grocery store. Her only consolation at this point was that this was Touma’s last stop. She remained hidden as she entered the store behind him. She didn’t trust herself to stay inconspicuous if she followed him into the store, but luckily it was small enough that she could simply watch the front entrance and wait for him to come out.

Unfortunately for her, there weren’t any alleyways she could tuck into to hide, or potentially even follow through with her plan at the park and desperately relieve herself. Instead, she was forced to stand out in the open, torn between trying to maintain appearances and not make her needs known to everyone walking by, and trying to desperately hold on.

She felt herself let out another leak and hiked her pants up, squeezing her crotch where her hands couldn’t. She felt the pee seep through her panties and was worried it would show up on her jeans, but she couldn’t see it when she looked down and she couldn’t exactly feel for one while being discreet. Instead, she danced back and forth, shuffling her legs as she held on.

This is Touma’s last stop. I’m almost there. I just need to hold it a little longer.

Beads of sweat pooled on Kanzaki’s forehead, and all she could do was stare eagerly at the front entrance to the store across the street, waiting on the verge of wetting herself for Touma to finally emerge. Her mind was almost blank. Filled with nothing but the sheer desire to pee, and the desire not to leave Touma unattended, two conflicting forces that crashed into each other like opposing waves and sloshed around like the sheer volume of pent up urine in her bladder.

After what felt like ages, Touma finally emerged, and just as Kanzaki predicted, he had bags filled with cheap cuts of meat and eggs. She was nearly at her limit, but she just needed to hold it until he made it home.

He set off, and Kanzaki followed, each step sent an uncomfortable, powerful wave jolting through her. Uncaring of who else was watching, she grabbed herself openly, squeezing herself with each step and fighting back wave after wave of desperation. Her swollen bladder ached, and she could feel her tight jeans squeezing it. She was tempted to reach down and unbutton her pants, but doing such a thing was far too immodest, even for her tastes.

Her mind spun as she simply focused on holding it in, watching Touma as he slowly made his way back towards the dorm. Or at least she thought. Once he reached the next intersection, rather than turning down towards the dorm, he turned in the other direction.

Kanzaki had no way of knowing, but Touma was heading to a food truck often parked in front of an arcade to pick up some steamed buns for Index like he had promised. Once she realized he wasn’t heading towards his dorm anymore, Kanzaki’s heart sunk. She continued to follow him, but she knew it was a lost cause at this point. Her bladder was too full. She was already on the verge of wetting herself. With every other step, she could feel droplets leaking out into her already soaked panties. If there wasn’t a wet spot on her pants from before, there was bound to be by now.

Kanzaki watched Touma stop at the food truck and slipped into an alleyway, still desperately crossing her legs. But she was well past her limit. She briefly considered tucking further into the alleyway to squat down and pee, but she could barely take another step before the dams burst. She gasped and grabbed at herself, trying desperately to stem the flow, but there was nothing for it now. It sprayed out of her, absolutely flooding her panties and jeans before spattering onto the pavement of the alleyway beneath her.

The forceful stream ran down her one pantleg as the rivulets of pee flooded down the other, and Kanzaki blushed and wanted to shrink down as she absolutely drenched herself. The embarrassment was undercut, however, but the sheer relief that flooded over her as she finally lost control, and the sheer pressure and painful ache of her full bladder gave way to blissful shudders and tingles of relief that made her weak at the knees.

She supported herself against the wall of the alleyway as she continued to uncontrollably empty her bladder out, and finally she was left standing there, panting as her stream trickled to a stop. Her face burned with humiliation, her wet pants and panties clung uncomfortably to her. She could feel her socks and shoes wet from the pee that flowed down her legs and soaked into them.

“Well, this isn’t exactly what I expected.”

Kanzaki whirled around, only to see Tsuchimikado standing behind her.

“H-how long have you been standing there?” Kanzaki asked angrily, grabbing Tsuchimikado by the collar. Despite her face already feeling like it was on fire, she felt herself blush even harder. The thought of Tsuchimikado having caught her wetting herself was too mortifying for words.

“Since you started,” Tsuchimikado smirked.

“Y-you! This is all your fault! If it wasn’t for that magazine-” Kanzaki sputtered and trailed off, realizing that explaining why Tsuchimikado was at fault for her wetting herself in an alleyway would mean admitting that she liked Touma, and that she had been following him around all morning with a full bladder out of love. She was humiliated enough already without also admitting that to him.

“W-what are you doing here anyway?” Kanzaki asked, “Were you watching over Kamijou-san too?”

“Well, not exactly,” Tsuchimikado said, “Like I said, it’s nothing like a magician attack or anything, so I’m not too worried about him.”

“Then why are you here? Or did you come here to watch me wet myself?” Kanzaki crossed her arms, though her intimidating expression was clearly undercut by her bright red face.

“I just wanted to enjoy the show, look.”

Tsuchimikado pointed out of the alleyway, back towards Touma. This time, there was another girl with him, someone Kanzaki did not recognize. From the looks of it, she was yelling at Touma, red-faced and looking like she was ready to slap him, and Touma was bowing his head over and over again apologetically.

“Touma got himself into some trouble yesterday with Fukiyose-san, our substitute class rep,” Tsuchimikado explained, “Well, long story short, an unfortunate incident where Touma accidentally grabbed Fukiyose’s breasts came up, and it led to a misunderstanding. I heard that, despite today being a day off, that Fukiyose-san was going to try to hunt Touma down over it.”

“Wait,” Kanzaki looked over at Tsuchimikado, the gears in her brain turning in sudden realization, “That wasn’t the ‘trouble you caught wind of’, was it?”

“Bingo,” Tsuchimikado smirked, “I figured Fukiyose-san would be reasonable enough not to approach Touma if he was with a girl, especially an older girl she doesn’t know, so I dropped some hints to you last night. I expected you to use the excuse to spend some time with him, not stalk him around to the point you wet yourself.”

“Were you watching me the whole time?”

“No, I don’t have that much free time, I just assumed as much when I caught you back here,” Tsuchimikado grinned, “Anyway, it’s one thing trying to be loyal and do anything for him, but if he doesn’t even know about it, how will your feelings get across? Shouldn’t you just be more direct?”

That was the last straw. Filled with anger and emotions, and burning with embarrassment, Kanzaki lunged at Tsuchimikado.

By the time the two left the alleyway, Kanzaki rushing off to get changed, and Tsuchimikado to see the aftermath of Touma and Fukiyose’s interactions, Kanzaki felt a lot better, and Tsuchimikado had quite a few welts on his head.

###

Later that night, Kanzaki stood, overlooking Academy City once again. This time, she was alone, hugging her knees to her chest as she looked out across the sparkling streetlights and ambient glow that always seemed to hang around the city.

“I was an idiot today,” Kanzaki frowned.

She felt foolish. Having followed Touma around to the point of wetting herself, and all to protect him from a threat that was never there.

Of course part of her blamed Tsuchimikado for misleading her, and she had a feeling he half-expected her to make a fool of herself in some way or another, but the truth was this whole situation could’ve been avoided if she had just approached Touma directly.

Kanzaki felt the cold wind brush at her exposed leg, and perhaps it was from the cold or from what had happened earlier, but Kanzaki felt the urge to pee again.

“Damn.”

As she stood up, however, she thought back to Misaka, who had directly grabbed Touma’s hand, and even her own subordinate, Itsuwa, who had openly declared that she was going bra shopping to his face.

They had both been so close to Touma, yet she had been so far away.

Suddenly, her embarrassment and sadness from the day turned to determination. Her problems, and even her desperation, stemmed from her being passive and distant, waiting from the shadows and not being able to approach Touma directly. But she had been there from the start. She wasn’t about to lose him to anyone else.

From now on, I’ll be more direct. Loyalty is one thing, but I can’t sit back on the sidelines anymore! I need a direct attack!

Suddenly, memories of her dressing up in the Fallen Angel Ero Maid costume filled her mind, and she mentally backpedaled a little.

Okay, maybe not that kind of direct attack!

Suddenly, another shudder sent a familiar wave through her bladder, and despite not being nearly as desperate as she had gotten earlier, she grabbed her crotch and shuffled around.

But first, I’m going to pee. I’m not about to wet myself twice in one day.

And with that, Kanzaki jumped off the roof to find a proper restroom this time.

The End

