The strange ceremony filled with desperation

Author: sanjono

*000*2025-02-23 21:01

Part 1

In the fictional country of Kannis a strange ceremony takes place. In order to welcome the summer months, the princess of the country drinks tea made up from the dried up leaves of the plant called "the blue lotus" which the citizens believe holds immense spiritual and religious importance. 

After the princess drinks the tea she is driven to "Moria" a place within the country of Kannis which holds a lot of spiritual and religious value as it is believed to be the birthplace of all life. The princess arrives at the Orion Temple built in the center of Moria where she recites a religious text which is believed that when recited by the princess, the spirituality within her from drinking the blue lotus tea spreads to all citizens of Kannis.

After that is done the summer season officially starts with the citizens celebrating its arrival with a special festival which happens after the recital and lasts from late noon to the late night. The reason the princess is the one who performs the ceremony is due to Kannis believing in motherhood being the progenitor of all life on Earth and thus it would be blasphemous if the ceremony wasn't held by a woman and more specifically the princess. This ceremony has existed ever since the founding of Kannis thus it holds massive importance to its citizens. The princess is driven from the capital of Kannis, Kanigos towards Moria which is a trip that lasts around 3 hours.

During ancient times this trip would be carried out with horses and carriages but nowadays more modern methods of transportation are being utilized such as cars. The three hour duration of the trip however is something that has remained constant from ancient times as it is believed that in those three hours the blue lotus inside of the princess's body reaches its spiritual maturity in that specific time. So the cars drive at a regulated speed to make sure to arrive in three hours exactly.

The amount of tea the princess consumes has increased over the years. It begun with 1 litter, then it was 1.5 litters and now it's 2 litters which has been the standard for the longest time. The reason the amount has increased is because the more the princess drinks the more spirituality is stored within her and the prosperity brought on to the land and citizens will be bigger as well, a priest once said. The trip would begin at 10am and last until 1pm. Afterwards the princess would be escorted from the car to the temple where she would begin the recital which would last around 30 minutes. After the recital was done the festival would begin.

June 20th 20XX 7am

Princess Elodie woke up knowing that today was very important. It would be her first day performing this ritual. Her mother performed the exact same ritual last year marking her last time doing so. Now it was up to Elodie to carry that burden for the foreseeable future. Elodie was 20 years old with long blonde hair, pale skin, a very pretty face and a slender yet attractive body. She had prepared months in advance for this moment. With the consumption of such amounts of liquid it would only be natural that someone would have to pee.

For the princess carrying out this ceremony however she would only be allowed to finally pee after the recital was done meaning that she would have to train her bladder to hold large amounts of liquids for a long time. The experiences of the previous princesses were passed down from generation to generation in the form of a big notebook. Elodie had read that book and the experiences of the different princesses contained in it many times and she understood how difficult yet important this task was.

After she got out of bed she headed to her bathroom for the first morning piss making sure her bladder was completely empty in order to consume the tea later. After that she took a bath and then headed towards her wardrobe to put on the special ceremonial dress. The dress covered her completely leaving only her head exposed. The dress itself despite covering almost her entire body was incredibly tight to the point that it left nothing to the imagination. Every single curve and contour of her body was accentuated by the tightness of the fabric. 

The reason for the fabric's tightness is because it's believed that the the tight fabric helps circulate the spirituality from the blue lotus inside her body equally, a priest once said. The color of the dress was blue, to match the color of the blue lotus. Her hair was tied in a long braid using several special hair ornaments used only on that ceremony. She also wore a special pair of earrings that matched the hair ornaments and a pair of blue heels. The dress was so tight that Elodie could hardly walk. Despite the tightness the fabric was breathable and because of that the dress was slightly see-through with her bra and panties being slightly visible. After she was done putting on the dress it was time she started consuming the tea.

She entered a special room designated only to tea making. There several priestesses started making the blue lotus tea right in front of her eyes. Elodie observed the process very carefully and was immersed completely in the moment. After a while all 2 litters of tea were done. Elodie was given enough time to drink all that liquid but she would have to be done by 9:30. By 9am she had drunk all 2 litters of the tea and now she just had to wait until 10 where the real challenge would begin.

Sandra was a military woman who was stationed right outside the mansion where the royal family lived. Several military personnel were placed outside the mansion as the safety of the royals was of utmost importance. Sandra was 25 years old and she had just been stationed at the mansion's guard. There she met her current boyfriend, Lewis, who was tall, muscular and attractive. Sandra herself however was incredibly attractive. She had a very impressive chest, a slender yet athletic build from all these years of training in the military academy, well trained thighs, a thigh gap and an incredible pair of ass cheeks. They were incredibly full, firm and round and when Sandra was viewed from the side, the curvature of her ass was quite pronounced. 

She quite literally had the perfect body. She had a dark skin complexion, a very pretty face, a seductive voice and short black hair (similar to Casca's hair from Berserk). Her boyfriend Lewis really liked to grope her ass while kissing her something that turned Sandra on but Lewis had a tendency to grab her ass even while on duty. Very close to the mansion was an outpost where the military personnel would rest after their shift and hang out in general. Sandra's outfit consisted of a form fitting black tank top, the military's jacket, a pair of military boots and a pair of very tight, green cargo leggings which not only hugged her ass very nicely they also slightly lifted her ass and they highlighted each ass cheek individually. Underneath those leggings she wore a pair of seamless black panties.

A few days before the ceremony Sandra was informed by her boss that she was going to be the princess's personal bodyguard during the trip to Moria meaning that both the princess and Sandra would be in the same vehicle. Sandra understood the importance of her mission and she gladly accepted it. At the day of the ceremony her and Lewis arrived in front of the mansion and assumed their usual posts guarding the place. Sandra would keep guarding the place until she had to escort the princess during the trip. In the meantime she drank two big cups of coffee and plenty of water due to the hot weather. 20 minutes before it was time for her to escort the princess she headed towards the outpost in order to use the restrooms. The moment she entered the outpost however she saw that all of the stalls were out of order and a repairman was inside one of the stalls deep in his work

"Excuse me, but when will the bathrooms be available again" asked Sandra

"I'm sorry dear but it looks like I'll be here all day" said the repairman

"Are you sure I can't use one of the stalls even if they're broken? If you didn't know I'll be the princess's personal bodyguard and I won't get the chance to use the toilet for 3 hours" said Sandra in a pleading voice

"I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do, plus you'll understand the princess's burden better this way" said the repairman

Sandra did not expect to hear that but it was true. During those three hours both of them would endure the same thing. Before Sandra could comprehend that fact further, Lewis called out to her saying that it was time for her to be picked up. A couple of minutes later the royal vehicle containing the princess arrived surrounded by several black jeeps for further security. Sandra entered the royal vehicle and they all started heading towards Moria. The royal vehicle was a small RV which had a small couch, a mini fridge, a small kitchen and a small bathroom inside. There was also a small window which would let Sandra communicate with the driver. The princess was seated in the couch and she greeted Sandra with a warm smile. Sandra was to remain standing throughout the entire trip as if she was guarding the mansion with the princess seated right across her. And thus this desperate trip begun.

