Lottie's Tinder match

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-18 11:06

Hey folks. I wrote this yesterday, it's pure fiction but the foundation is built on a real conversation i had on Tinder some time ago. The actual conversation did not go this deep or this far but either way, it gave me inspiration. Enjoy!

My name is Lottie and a few months ago, I matched with a guy on Tinder, this is not unusual, I often match with guys on Tinder, after all, that is the entire point. However, this guy was slightly different. He seemed incredibly open, very honest, often so much as to come off as a little bit rude and disrespectful. We even arranged a date, which was scuppered by this damned lockdown, but nonetheless, we continued to chat. We had long since migrated from Tinder to I-Message and WhatsApp and our natural personalities just seemed to spark. He is very bright, bubbly, thoughtful, attentive, and intelligent, these are the qualities I look for in any date.

A few days back however, we were messaging when he suggested we video call. This, again, is not unusual, we often video call as we cannot physically see each other because of the current lockdown. It is always pleasant to talk with him, he always seems happy to see me and always gives me plenty of attention, I like that a lot. We engaged in small talk briefly; we talked about our day but not in any detail, we talked about the weather and finally, we raved about the difficulty of buying toilet roll. I do not actually like small talk, I find it impersonal and undeserving of any great purpose, but we are British and small talk is part of our national identity.

Tortuous small talk done with, we finally moved onto something more deserving of our time, sex. We had discussed sex on numerous occasions before, but I really had something I needed to tell him, it’s quite a big part of me and to keep it a secret would feel obtuse and a video call seemed a decent opportunity to bring it up.

“So how many guys have you been with?” he asked me very bluntly, I know for a lot of girls this isn’t a great question to answer, but for me it’s no issue, I feel no shame in not having been with too many guys. “Three” I answered plainly. His face expressed shock, which I called him out on. “Were you expecting more?” I goaded him playfully “gotta be honest, I was, just a little” we both laughed. “How about you?” I asked him just as bluntly. “You really want to know?” he responded. To be honest, I’m not sure I really did, but I ploughed ahead regardless “I do” I said playfully, “well, I stopped counting when I got to thirty” Okay, that did throw me off, I will admit. At this stage, I became worried about any potential relationship with this guy, could I really trust him? Nonetheless, I fronted it out with a fake smile and briskly moved the conversation onwards.

“So, what’s the strangest kink you’ve came across in the bedroom?” I asked him, slightly nervously. This was quite important to me; I am a kinky person and on top of that I have a standout fetish and I needed to know if he was at all open to new things. “I knew a girl once who was into feet and hair pulling” he responded nonchalantly. I was not surprised by that, I am given to understand quite a number of people have a foot fetish, nevertheless, I wanted to know more.

“How’s that work?” I asked him, genuinely interested, I am always happy to learn. “Well, she liked to touch my feet, liked to look and them and on occasion, lick them too” more or less what I anticipated. “Were you happy to indulge her?” I inquired “sometimes when I was in the mood. I’m open to try just about anything once” this sounded perfect to me. I do not have a foot fetish, I am not remotely interested in feet, I mean, each to their own and all that but it is not for me. No, my thing is anything and everything to do with pee. I like peeing my pants, I like watching other people pee their pants, I like being desperate and seeing how long I can hold, I like watching other people who are desperate, I like being denied the bathroom, I like denying other people the bathroom and I’m keen on wearing diapers too. It is quite important to me, it would be great if I could find a guy who would indulge me in my fantasies, so I really wanted to be open and honest about it early on.

I did not want this part of the conversation to die there and then, I had to keep him on the subject, I felt like this was my golden opportunity. “So, are you into anything specific yourself?” I asked him inquisitively. “I might be” he answered jovially, good start I figured. “Do I not get to find out? That seems a little cruel” I used my big puppy dog eyes and pulled my pet lip and began acting all cute and girly, it usually works a treat to get my own way.

“I’m happy to tell you” he started, but stopped in his tracks rather quickly “what is it?” I asked him tenderly, I worried he might have been hurt in the past by being too honest, just like I have. “I’m just… I’m just not sure you’re ready to hear it” he answered nervously. “What does that mean?” I was beginning to get a little concerned now. “well it’s just, you come across as quite vanilla and I mean that’s great, but, sometimes vanilla people find kinks and fetishes hard to accept or understand” hmm it seemed he had suffered similar experiences to myself then, which in its own way isn’t a bad thing but, how could he misjudge my kinky personality so badly though?

“I’ll let you into a little secret” I said playfully “I’m not vanilla, not at all” his face lit up and a big smile flew across his face, he seemed genuinely thrilled. “it’s just… you struck me as such a good girl” he said somewhat forcefully, I found it amusing though. “guess that depends on who I’m talking too” I spoke all cute and innocent but blew a kiss at the same time. “Now that you know I’m not one of the vanilla brigade, tell me your thing!” I spoke very plainly; I was a good girl after all. “There are a couple of things to be honest” he started and once again, stopped himself midsentence, just speak your mind already, I thought to myself. He required a bit of gentle persuasion but, before long he opened up, “well, I have thing for underwear, male and female” this caught me off guard a little bit.

“How does that work exactly?” I asked politely, “I don’t really know to be honest, I think it is just because underwear is one of our most personal possessions and I’ve always believed that someone’s underwear choice can say a lot about the individual and their taste, so if I see someone I’m attracted to, I sometimes think to myself, I wonder what underwear they’re wearing” seemed a good explanation to me, I guess a lot of people can fall into that category.

“So” I started “are you wondering what underwear I’m wearing now?” I asked playfully. “If I say yes, will you think any less of me?” he asked politely, he was trying to hide his insecurity on the subject, but I could see straight through his façade. “Absolutely not” I answered respectfully “I’ll even show you if you ask nicely” his face lit up again. “Thought you were a good girl?” he said wistfully, I replied saying “as I said, depends who I’m talking too” We spent a few minutes in this back and forth exchange, in the end I grew a little petulant and impatient and ended up dropping my black leggings to my ankles so he could see everything he wanted to see.

I was wearing these cute pink hipsters with a frilly waist and frills adorning the edges. They were printed with silver and gold stars and they were super comfy and practical, but they did a good job of accentuating my ass and showing off my curves, I always felt I looked good wearing them. I stood up and did a little spin, so he could see me from all angles, I may have dragged out the time showing him my ass, but, I like my ass, I think it is one of my better features.

After performing my little show, I sat back down, still with my leggings around my ankles and asked him what my underwear said about me, he said “well, it says you’re a good girl who values comfort and practicality, but also someone who is confident in her appearance” pretty spot on, I thought. “you like what you see?” I asked him confidently, “most definitely” he said. “Now tell me, I’ve told you one of my things, now you have to return the favour” he announced. I had to take a minute to take a deep breath, I have always struggled getting my words out in situations like these and this occasion was no different, I really did not want to get tongue tied.

“Well” I started out cautiously “I enjoy pee” I took a moment to the let word hang in the air, I wanted to gauge his reaction. Overall, it seemed positive, I mean, he did not hang up or go running or anything. After a moment, he responded to my admission, “so, you enjoy getting peed on and that kinda thing?” he sounded vague on the subject, I do not think he was too familiar with the concept.

“Kinda, I mean, I’m not so much into getting peed on or peeing on other people, I prefer like… holding my pee and watching other people do the same..” again, I let the words hang for a moment. “okay, so, what do you do when you hold your pee for too long? Do you rush to the toilet or…” great, now he was letting the words hang too? “It depends. I do enjoy wetting myself, if that’s what you’re getting at” I found myself stuttering slightly as the words came out of my mouth, it was very unconscious. “Really?” he asked incredulously. “yeah, is that a problem?” I asked somewhat nervously. “not at all, just wanted to be sure I heard you correctly” he said tenderly.

There was a slightly awkward silence for a few moments, I worried that I had in fact creeped him out, but he was just too polite to say anything about it. I began to feel seriously self-conscious, as if I had just made a bad misjudgement. These moments seemed to last for eternity, I just wanted to know his true thoughts, even if he thought it was weird, I just wanted to know his true feelings.

“It is okay isn’t it?” I asked tenuously. “Of course, I’m just a little surprised” he spoke tenderly, and I believed his words, I guess it is quite tough for most people to understand.

After another brief silence, he spoke out saying “so, do you do this stuff alone or with other people? Sorry for my ignorance, but I am totally unaware of how this all works” I felt uplifted, he seemed to be taking a genuine interest in something that is so important to me. “I mostly indulge alone, but I enjoy it when I’m denied the bathroom by others” I spoke assuredly. “So, if I said to you now, you’re not going to the bathroom without my permission, that would turn you on?” okay, he sounded playful again. I was beginning to like where this was going. “I really would” I matched his playful tone. “Well then, if you think you’re going to the bathroom at all for the duration of this call, you’ve got another thing coming” he suddenly sounded very masculine and dominant, I like this. A lot.

“Can I refill my glass?” I asked all cute and girly, I had been sipping on wine most of the evening and with the way our conversation had moved and with a gentle ache in my bladder, I figured this was a good opportunity to play our one of my fantasies. “You can” he answered simply, “hurry back though” with that, I dashed into the kitchen and began filling my wine glass, I was shaking slightly with the excitement of the moment and I spilled a little on the worktop, it’ll come off though, worry about that later.

Wine glass filled I re-joined him in my living room. He was sat eagerly awaiting my return, I was still prancing around with my leggings round my ankles, I felt adorable doing so and he was enjoying the view too, so it was all good. It was just a little daunting that all this was being done via a video call, it seemed okay, but just a little impersonal, I wanted him there with me.

“Got my drinkie” I called out happily. “Glad to hear it” he said in reply. “Have you got to pee?” he asked inquisitively. “Mmm a little, nothing too urgent yet. When I start bouncing around and look like I have ants in my pants, you’ll know I’m getting close” I said wistfully. He smiled and we began chatting about what even brought us to Tinder in the first place. I was out of a long-term thing, I had been with the same guy for near enough seven years and it was mostly good but, as time went on, our differences pushed us apart. It surprised me that his path to Tinder was similar in some ways to mine, particularly considering the amount of sexual partners he had conquered over the years. But I did not think about it too much, everyone has their own path to tread after all.

After thirty minutes or so of sipping wine and chatting about this and that, my bladder really was beginning to cry for attention. Sitting still was beginning to get tricky and each time I leaned forward to take a sip of wine, I felt an immense pressure on my bladder. I tried my best not to make my uncomfortableness too obvious, I enjoy the sensation of being seriously desperate whilst trying to look, on the outside at least, like an ocean of calmness or serenity. Okay, ocean was a bad word. Help. I drifted into a mini trance, I began to think of lakes of water and dripping taps. It really was not helping. My mind was focused on my need to pee and the signals my bladder was sending me.

“Are you okay? You seem like you’re on your own little planet” he called out, I thought he sounded cute. “Ummm well… I gotta pee. Pretty bad” I said in reply. “How bad is it exactly?” he asked politely. “Pretty bad. My bladder is bulging and I’m struggling to sit still, I feel like I’m about to leak, but I think its all in my head” I sounded more confident than I felt. I was really beginning to struggle. “Doesn’t look like it to me!” he called our forcefully. “Stand up” this was a direct order. I stood up as directed and felt a little tingle in a very private area. He took a moment to inspect me and my bulging bladder, he seemed impressed at just how much a bladder can protrude. “Ten squats” he barked as an order. I really did not think I could manage ten squats without pissing my pants, but I had been given an order and a good girl does not disobey an order.

I squatted down and up and down and up and down and leak. What?! Ohhh no. I had manged maybe five and I had leaked into my knickers. There was a small wet spot around the crotch of my knickers, and I had to stand up and brace, otherwise more would have escaped. “Why have you stopped?” he asked forcefully. “Umm nothing, just needed a rest” I lied. “I don’t believe you. You’ve wet your pants, haven’t you?” he asked incredulously. “NOOO I haven’t!” I protested cutely.

“I promise” I was fooling nobody, I wasn’t trying too. “Show me your knickers” he called out. I turned around to show him my ass, which was still dry. I was hunched over onto my knees, with my ass sticking out. “No, the front” he called out nonchalantly. “Ummmm” that is all I could manage, he had me at all angles. I spun around as quick as I could and then spun back again, I had shown him the front right? Not my fault if he was too slow to have a good look. The quick spin had done me no favours, it had made me dizzy, made worse by the wine and another spurt escaped my defences. This one was bigger however and I felt a warm trickle spread towards my ass. I moved my hand to the bottom part of my ass and pressed, hard. Bear in mind, I still had my ass shoved into the camera.

“I saw that” he called out proudly. “Noooooo you saw nothing, iiiiit, it was just sweat. It’s warm in here” i was all cute again. “Don’t lie to me” he scolded me, in a playful way. “You’ve wet you knickers, haven’t you?” urghhh “Y…. yeah. Buuut only a little. Look!” I spun round to show him my crotch, but when I saw my own image in the camera, I realised that I had leaked a little bit more than I realised. The wet spot, was no longer an spot, it was a wet patch that covered the gusset of my underwear and had spread over the bottom half of my ass. I quickly closed my thighs to try and hide the evidence of my little accident, but he had seen all he had to. He playfully chided me over my inability to control my bladder, I was getting seriously horny. “You still owe me five squats” he reminded me forcefully. I obeyed my order without question. I squatted down and up and down an up and down and finally back up again. “Done it!” I called out proudly. “Good girl” he said calmly.

I sat back down on my sofa but the wetness between my thighs made me think I really needed a towel, I was no longer certain about my ability to control this situation and I wasn’t sure I could hold on much longer. “Can I get a towel please?” I asked. He thought in silence for a moment, before nodding in approval. “Thank you” I said and waddled off to fetch a towel.

Each step felt like I was treading a minefield, each time I raised my leg I wasn’t sure if I’d hold my pee until the next one. I was trying to walk with my thighs locked together, but even that was tricky. I must have looked funny, but I had left my laptop in the living room so he couldn’t see the ridiculous spectacle of me waddling up my stairs. Four steps up my stairs and I leaked again. The warmth poured out of my body and made my pussy and thighs moist again. I felt a small trickle of pee run down my leg, I tried my best to ignore it but when I saw the droplets soak into the carpet it reminded me of my folly. I was only a few short steps away from the top of my stairs and my target destination, I was so close I could almost reach out and touch the towel hanging on the top of the bannister. I reached out as far as I could and peed again. I was totally beginning to lose it. I didn’t even reach the towel.

I gave up. I began waddling back down the stairs. Somehow going down was easier than going up and I was soon back in the living room. “Where is the towel?” he asked. “Umm couldn’t reach it” I said honestly. “Are you telling me, you couldn’t even make it upstairs?” he asked playfully. I simply nodded. I showed him my underwear again and the wet patch was growing almost by the second. My ass wet beginning to really get wet, my crotch was soaked and the patch had began to travel up towards my waistband. “I cant hold it much longer!” I exclaimed. “I’m gunna wet myself soooon” he considered his response for a moment, “Ten more squats, then you can use the bathroom” he announced. I was delighted. Not about the squats, but because I could soon empty my tortured bladder. I was in full defence mode. My muscles were locked tight, my thighs were clamped together, I was shaking, I had one hand planted into my crotch and the other pressed against my ever wetter ass.

I began to squat. One. Two. Three. I was leaking with each one. Each time I squatted down and opened my legs, a spurt of pee rushed out of my body. There was an ever growing wet patch on my carpet, but I did not care, I could deal with that later. My bladder had betrayed me. I had lost the fight. I had done everything I could, but it simply was not enough. Four. Five. Six. My knickers were soaked and when I tried for seven, I lost it completely. I grabbed my laptop and ran to the bathroom. A stream of pee was flowing down my legs leaving a wet trail on my once pristine floor. Guess this is what happens when you’re a good girl with a weak bladder?

I sped into the bathroom as quickly as my pee soaked legs could carry me. He was silent all this time. He knew what was happening. I placed the laptop on the toilet so it faced me in the shower cubicle and relaxed. OHHHHHHHHHHH boy.

A huge torrent gushed forth. The content of my bladder thundered into the ceramic below my feet, making an audible thud. I felt the pee spread up my crotch and pour over my ass. I rubbed my pussy gently as I was peeing, at this point, I had forgotten there was someone there watching me wet myself. The warm pee rushing over my fingers felt amazing and I let out an audible moan. The relief I felt was insurmountable, it really was a tremendous amount of pee. I squatted down to finish of my accident and began to rub myself, more vigorously this time. I moaned as I felt my sodden knickers against my fingers. My eyes were closed and I was lost in a moment of bliss.

“Oh god!” I heard from the speaker of my laptop. I had totally forgotten I was being watched and I blushed as I recalled who was there. I looked over to see him performing an act upon himself. I continued to blush, but also revelled in the moment. I was intoxicated by all the emotions running around my body and the puddle, which I was now sat in, was a constant reminded of what had occurred. Looking directly into the camera, I rubbed my pussy and brought myself to the grand finale.

Not sure who enjoyed it more me or him? I think I did, but who’s to say?

*002*2020-04-19 11:07

{{11 hours ago, Creme said:

That was such a good story! So well made and the perfect length too!

}}

Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it

*007*2020-04-20 10:19

{{13 hours ago, wettingman said:

This is realistic enough to be in the wetting section, like it actually happened. I enjoyed it. Thank you.

}}

{{6 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Great story again Spurgle; you have a real knack for writing this sort of stuff! Kudos to you!

}}

{{7 hours ago, My_Next_Mistak said:

That story was so good! My panties might be a bit damp with something that's not pee

}}

{{9 hours ago, Holdit4me said:

Wow, that was really well done and a cute concept!

}}

Thank you so much folks, your kind words really mean a lot to me

*010*2020-05-19 15:26

Thank you for all the feedback folks, much appreciated!

