A Sisterly Trip

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2020-04-15 14:19

Lily was quite a heavy sleeper, but her sister's yell couldn't but wake her up. She didn't open her eyes, but in a minute Helen rushed into her room and grabbed her shoulder.

"Lily, get up now!"

"Helen... What's up?"

"Are you serious? We're driving to grandma's cottage for a weekend! I planned to get going earlier to be there before the heaviest traffic starts, but, with my luck, I overslept. We must go right now!"

"But Helen, what about breakfast..." Lily said lazily.

"We can eat at grandma's. Go to the bathroom, brush your teeth and take a pee."

Lily got up and dragged herself to the kitchen to make herself at least a big cup of tea, then to the bathroom. She was brushing her teeth slowly when she heard Helen shouting again.

"Lily, we're moving in a minute! Have you peed? It might be a long trip!"

"Helen, stop asking! I'm a college student and I know when I have to pee!"

Lily was pretty angry at her sister for talking to her like this. She wasn't a baby! She didn't even need to pee. So she packed her toothbrush, gulped her tea and hurried to the car where Helen was already tapping her foot. Sis has just got her license and any opportunity to drive made her really enthusiastic.

One minute into the trip, Lily felt a slight tingling in her tummy, but ignored it. Then once again. Soon it became so noticeable that she couldn't stop thinking about it. It was her bladder telling her it needed to get emptied. Lily tried to distract herself, but the pressure was growing every minute.

"Why should I always behave so childishly?" Lily thought, "My big sister only meant well when she told me I had to pee. I was so stupid. That tea isn't helping either."

She squeezed her legs a bit, trying to be as discreet as possible.

"But if I ask her to stop, I'll have to confess that I haven't listened to her. She'll keep remembering it forever!"

Lily couldn't squeeze any harder without attracting her sister's attention.

"I have no choice anyway."

Quietly she started. "Listen, Helen... Do you mind stopping at some fast food place?"

"I do mind. Why? I told you we can have breakfast later."

"It's not about eating... I need to use a bathroom."

"Again? You have peed an hour ago, have you not?"

"I have, but..."

"No buts. We're in a hurry."

"Seriously, I need to go again."

"Lily, you can't be that full. Just hold a bit, okay?"

"Sure." Lily was so ashamed she couldn't insist. But just in five minutes she realized she had to raise the topic again. Lily gained all her confidence.

"Helen, I really need you to stop the car, it's an emergency."

"Lily, why are you behaving like a baby? Hold it in. I'm not going to waste the time on it, end of story."

"I can't keep holding. I'll just die."

"What?"

"My bladder will rupture."

"Lily, don't be silly. Rupturing bladders are a myth. A bladder can rupture because of trauma, but not because of being full. When it overfills, you just go at the spot."

"But Helen, that's actually about to happen. Do you want me to ruin your upholstery?"

"FINE. But only because we're driving past a fast food now. Go."

Lily went out of the car, whining under her breath. She was so full she could barely walk. Suddenly she noticed Helen following her.

"Why are you going with me? Do you need a bathroom too?"

"No, I'll just grab some coffee."

The moment they entered the cafe, Lily saw the WC and rushed there for dear life. She pulled her panties down and sat on the toilet. It wasn't too clean, but at that point she didn't care. She just had to concentrate, because she was always a little bladder shy when peeing in an unknown place. In about two seconds Helen started knocking on the door.

"Lily, are you done yet? We're losing time!"

"Have you bought yourself a coffee already?"

"Ages ago! Hurry up!"

Although desperate like never before, Lily just couldn't force herself to go. Her exhausted bladder felt like it was about to burst into pieces, but couldn't release even a drop of pee. She closed her eyes and imagined a waterfall, but at the same moment she realized that peeing loudly while her sister is behind the door would be too humiliating.

"Lily, do you want me to leave without you or what?"

"I'm already done, sorry!"

Lily pulled her panties up and opened the door.

"Finally!" - Helen ran to the car. Lily couldn't wrap her head around the terrible thing that just happened. She was so close to the relief... and now she's even more desperate than before... how could it happen?!

Now Lily was adamant: she will act cool. She won't show Helen her condition. All in all, they'll be at grandma's house in half an hour at most. She can do it.

...But when they took the next turn, they were presented with a huge jam.

"That's EXACTLY what I was talking about!" Helen hissed. "We should've been there before the traffic! But because of wasting so much time..."

Lily was horrified. She can't last that long, no way! She took a deep breath and clenched her teeth. Well, she couldn't hide it anymore. Lily grabbed her crotch so hard that her fingers got white.

Helen watched her in a rear-view mirror, very surprised.

"Hey, what's wrong?"

"Helen, I couldn't go while you were pressing on me!"

"So you're saying that... you haven't peed in that cafe?"

"Actually I haven't peed since yesterday," Lily whispered.

"Lily, how could you be so... no, it's my fault. I shouldn't have talked to you like that and especially shouldn't have knocked on the door. Also no one is to blame but me that we were in a rush in the first place."

Lily couldn't answer, panting and moaning.

"Listen, Lily, there's a gas station here. With a traffic like this, it might take a bit longer to turn there, but try to hold for five more minutes, okay? I know you can!"

"I'll do my best," Lily exhaled. Sweat was running down her forehead. She was sitting on her hand, trying to seal her peehole that was already filling. Lily closed her eyes. "You haven't let it out just ten minutes ago, idiot," she told her bladder, "so please don't let it out now! Please!"

"We're here," Helen said quietly. Lily opened her eyes and saw the gas station. Now she won't miss her chance to get a relief! Confidently she stepped out of the car, ready to run...

But it was too late. Her bladder had its own plan, and the very moment she stood up, she lost control over it. Hot stream of pee broke forth, running down her legs and making a puddle under her feet, and all she could do was stand there red as a beetroot and wait for it to come to its end. A few people were watching her, rather pitifully than mockingly. Helen's eyes were wide open.

"Hey, Lily... I'm so sorry. We're lucky that you're wearing a skirt and crocs. You can take off your panties in the car, everything else will dry soon. Wipe yourself with... with... okay, wipe with my coat."

There was a brief moment of silence while Lily was fixing herself up on the backseat.

"And please don't tell gram that I've made you piss yourself. I'll do literally anything for you!"

"For reals? Well, first of all, I want a new phone..."

*002*2020-04-16 14:27

{{21 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that stole it was a enjoyable read

}}

Thank you! I've enjoyed writing it, too.

*004*2020-04-18 17:40

{{6 hours ago, Apertado said:

Amazing read!

Keep up the good work

}}

Thanks a lot!

*006*2020-04-20 15:25

{{1 minute ago, theyellowsafe said:

I enjoyed this. Hope you continue with it! I'm curious to see what happens at grandma's.

}}

Thank you. Actually, I prefer to move on to other characters after finishing a story. I only posted an update to the finished story once. But who knows! I can change my mind.

