Roommates, Not Friends

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-10-30 04:16

Happy (almost) Halloween! Not that this story has anything to do with Halloween. This is a multi-part story I've had in my head for awhile, and (I think) I finally have enough weekends in a row to get it written down. Enjoy!

###

Hunter Jessup slung an oversized duffel bag onto his left shoulder, then reached down to grab the old office box out of the back seat of the cab. He nodded at the cabbie and shut the car door with his knee. Turning to face the gleaming row of dorms, Hunter shifted his grip awkwardly. There was something profoundly unsettling about arriving on campus for new-student orientation as a transfer. The whole new-to-school thing didn’t feel as exciting when the vast majority of your classmates-to-be were already seasoned veterans.

The signs directing new students to their respective dorms seemed garish under Hunter’s cynical, self-conscious gaze. McBride Hall, his home for the coming academic year, was halfway down the quad. In the lobby, Hunter forced a smile as the bubbly RA gave him his room assignment: room 135. Shaking his head at an offer to help him carry his things, Hunter made his way down the hall.

…129…130…Hunter was relieved to see that his room seemed to be toward the end of the hallway, away from the stairs, elevator, and bathrooms. He preferred to be on his own, so he liked the idea of a low-traffic location.

“135,” Hunter muttered to himself, reaching down to open the door with his elbow.

The first thing that greeted Hunter was the sound of abruptly halted conversation, the kind that’s accompanied by an exaggerated record-scratch in the movies.

A remarkably put-together-looking family stared at Hunter, who was frozen at the threshold. The pearl-wearing mother was the first to speak.

“Can we help you?” She paused after the last word, as if she was going to add “dear,” but changed her mind after taking in Hunter’s hand-me-down appearance.

“I…” Hunter hesitated, glancing at the number on the door again. 135. “This is my room.”

The bespectacled father made a huffing noise, but the mother smiled. “There must be some mistake. We were told Cayden was to have a single room.”

So Cayden was the silent third member of the family. Good to know.

“This is where they told me to go, ma’am,” Hunter told her respectfully. He knew he was right. The RA might’ve given him the wrong room number, but he’d gone where he was told. He always did.

The father was already moving toward the door with the self-righteous look of a man who was about to “take care of things.” Hunter ducked his head and slid into the room before Cayden’s dad reached the door; he wasn’t about the let the man shoulder him back into the hallway.

“We’ll get this figured out,” the woman smiled benevolently at Hunter.

Hunter nodded, trying not to look too exasperated with the woman’s presumption of correctness. He decided to play up his own innocence. “May I set my stuff down? I’ve been carrying it awhile.”

The woman smiled again, looking more schoolmarm than maternal. “Of course. Just put it there by the door.”

Hunter barely stopped from rolling his eyes, but at least he got to give his arms a break.

Seemingly unable to handle silence, the woman spoke again. “I’m sure they have a room for you,” she addressed Hunter. “Cayden was assigned this room, and he can’t have a roommate for-“

“Mom.”

Hunter nearly jumped at the quiet sound of Cayden’s voice. He hadn’t been sure the other boy could even speak. Cayden was smaller and had a soft, boyish look about him, a stark contrast to Hunter’s tall, rangy angles.

The woman pressed her lips together, but didn’t continue her explanation. “Well. I’m just sure we’ll get this figured out.”

Cayden reddened slightly, either from relief at the dropped subject or embarrassment at his mother’s continued condescension. For the first time, he met Hunter’s eyes.

“I’m Cayden McBride,” he introduced himself. “And this is my mother, Sandra.”

“Nice to meet you,” Hunter replied automatically. “Hunter Jessup.” Cayden might have obnoxious parents, but he wasn’t completed devoid of manners, he thought.

Cayden dropped his gaze. He really didn’t know what else to say to this alleged interloper. The silence didn’t last long however, as an angry-looking Mr. McBride stormed back into the room, followed by an abashed staff member.

“They lied to us,” Cayden’s father hissed, completely ignoring Hunter.

Sandra’s eyes went wide; Cayden bit his lip.

“I’m so sorry for the confusion, Mr. McBride,” the staff member began, clearly practiced in the art of appeasing parents. “I’m not sure who you spoke to, but transfer students are only guaranteed a room. We cannot assure that any transfer is granted a single. In fact, I’ve never know it to happen.”

“This is unacceptable,” Mr. McBride blustered. Cayden stared at his dad miserably. “We were promised that Cayden would have a room to himself.”

The staff member shook his head apologetically. “I’m sorry, Mr. McBride, but the standard letter promises a spot on campus. You’re welcome to contact the Residence Department, but for now, this is the only place we have for Cayden. And there are two beds, you see.”

Hunter watched the veins pop out on Mr. McBride’s forehead. “Well…” the man sputtered. “Well, we were operating under the assumption that what we’d been promised would be fulfilled.”

The staff member, presumably operating under the same assurance of his own defensible position that Hunter had used minutes earlier, kept responding calmly to Mr. McBride’s frustrated insistence. If the situation hadn’t involved him so directly, he would have been amused. At the moment, he just really wanted the interaction to be over. Luckily, the McBride’s seemed to share his desire. Or maybe they just couldn’t bear to be in a room with Hunter anymore. Either way, Cayden’s parents didn’t stay long. Sandra kissed her son and promised to be back for dinner, and Mr. McBride was muttering about unnamed people who would be “hearing from him.”

When the door shut behind them, Hunter exhaled, already exhausted from the day so far. He reached for his duffel bag and glanced at Cayden to try to get a read on their new setup.

“Um…” As uncomfortable as Cayden had looked with his overbearing parents, having them gone didn’t seem to improve his mood much. “I kind of…already put most of my stuff away.”

Hunter shrugged. “I don’t have much. That one wardrobe should be more than enough space.” He turned away, sure that Cayden would notice just how little Hunter had brought with him, but the other boy didn’t react.

“Do you mind if I take the bottom bunk?” Cayden asked, instead. Hunter consented, and in just a few minutes, the general configuration of the room was settled on.

The staff member had been correct; the room was small, but it very distinctly housed two each of beds, dressers, wardrobes, and desks. The beds were bunked and nestled against the windows, with a row of thick bushes shielding them from the sidewalk. The desks were facing opposite directions, so the boys would have their backs to one another when they were both seated.

Having arrived earlier and gotten mostly settled, Cayden stood awkwardly while Hunter put away his clothes and threw a blanket and pillow onto the top bunk. Hunter didn’t pay much attention, but Cayden finally spoke.

“So…did you…did you know you’d have a roommate?” the shorter boy asked.

Hunter shrugged. “I didn’t know to ask. The letter just said that I could have a spot on campus.” It was the truth. Hunter was here on full scholarship after spending a year excelling at his local community college. Sure, he would have preferred to live alone, but he’d learned not to question when you were given free things.

Cayden didn’t quite meet Hunter’s eyes. “We just thought…it’s nothing against you…”

Hunter shrugged again. “Look, man. We don’t have to be friends. I’ll stay out of your way, I don’t hold parties, I don’t play loud music, and if I watch shows or something, I’ll wear headphones. I’m not a slob, but I don’t really mind if you are. We’ll just stick it out for this year, and then we can get our own places.”

Cayden looked simultaneously ashamed and relieved. “I mean…I’m sure you’re a nice guy…”

The corner of Hunter’s mouth quirked up. “No harm, no foul,” he interrupted. “Don’t worry about it.”

Cayden smiled, which ended up looking more like a grimace, but seemed to accept Hunter’s assurance. He sat at his desk and flipped open his laptop, while Hunter finished unpacking.

To Hunter, this was not a bad outcome. The university was fairly highbrow, so, despite their promise to meet all demonstrated financial need, the student body was still largely upper class. Hunter assumed there weren’t many other farm boys on campus. He knew he didn’t have the same social experiences (or, to be honest, the same social skills) as many of the other students, so he figured he’d just keep his head down and earn his degree. He didn’t begrudge Cayden his upbringing, but he certainly didn’t want to force the other boy into an uncomfortable social relationship.

A few hours later, Mr. and Mrs. McBride returned to take Cayden to dinner. Cayden briefly glanced at Hunter, but there was no offer to bring him along.

Hunter wasn’t bothered; he just grabbed his keys and ID and headed to the dining hall. A dining plan was included in his scholarship, but he also wanted to ask about getting a job. Within the hour, Hunter had filled up on burgers and fries and gotten assigned to work as a dishwasher for 15 hours per week.

Back in the dorm, Hunter re-examined his class schedule, carefully filling in his calendar online with his courses and new work times. He added in reserved times for homework and readings, to make sure that he didn’t fall behind on his studies.

Hunter didn’t look like a nerd; he looked like a hick, at best, or a vagrant. He knew that most people would see his old, somewhat ragged clothes and five-dollar haircut and assume that Hunter was the kind of person that really didn’t care about anything, since he clearly didn’t care about his personal appearance. If people looked at him at all, that is. Hunter had mastered the art of blending in, or, more appropriately, of not standing out. He worked hard and was very reliable, but he wasn’t the type to be nominated for employee of the month. He got excellent grades, but was never what you’d call teacher’s pet. He was just kind of unmemorable.

By the time the McBride’s returned, it was nearly dark outside. Hunter was reading in bed – thankfully, the ceilings were high enough for him to sit comfortably on the top bunk – and Cayden’s parents ignored him completely. Sandra made a big show of hugging and kissing her “baby” goodbye, and Mr. McBride unsubtly slipped Cayden a wad of cash without bothering to insist that the funds were for emergencies only.

Mr. and Mrs. McBride finally left, and Cayden sat down at his desk to get online. From his top-bunk vantage point, Hunter thought he could hear the other boy sniffling. He briefly considered saying something, but he opted for silence.

After all, they weren’t friends.

###

Really, Hunter and Cayden’s unspoken pact of non-interaction worked well. The only class they had in common was Economics, so their time together was largely limited to the dorm. Neither ever brought other people back to the room, instead spending their time working or watching movies on their respective computers.

Hunter was comfortable, for the most part. He was doing exactly what he had hoped to do – keep up in his classes and do what was asked of him at work. He didn’t attend parties or football games, but he felt fairly relaxed. He could do this.

Cayden, on the other hand, was feeling strained. He’d hoped that switching universities would make him feel better, more settled, and more competent, but he could already feel himself slipping into the same stressful spiral he’d experienced last year, at his old college.

It wouldn’t happen this time, Cayden told himself. He was fine. He’d just keep going. Things were different here. They had to be.

Cayden’s powers of denial were strong. He refused to ask for help or consult anyone. Because it wasn’t that bad, right?

“It wasn’t that bad” is not exactly what Cayden was thinking as he woke up one Thursday morning in late September. Instead, he was jerked unceremoniously from sleep by a painful, desperate need to use the restroom.

Biting back a whine, Cayden stumbled out of bed. He immediately grabbed himself, clutching between his legs with all his might. He shuffled toward the door, but stopped almost instantly when he felt a leak against the grip of his hand.

Cayden twisted his hips frantically, trying to figure out what to do. The room was silent, save for the sound of his pajama pants swishing as his thighs rubbed together erratically. Hunter was still asleep on the top bunk. Cayden obviously couldn’t spare a hand to check his phone, but based on the level of light in the room and the fact that he’d woken before his alarm, he guessed it was around 7:30 in the morning.

The hip-twisting took the worst edge off for a moment, and Cayden inched toward the door. He didn’t hear anyone in the hallway, so maybe he could make a run for it if he got a bit more control.

But control wasn’t coming. As soon as Cayden tried to move, he leaked again, this time feeling a trickle down his inner left leg. He stopped again pressing his thighs together around his impossibly tight fist.

Cayden could barely breathe. Some part of him probably knew that there was nothing to be done at this point, but it goes against the most deeply-ingrained human conditioning to just give up and urinate on the floor.

Tears pricked in Cayden’s eyes, blurring his vision. He was leaking consistently now, warm liquid spreading down the thin material of his pajama pants. Almost unconsciously, he shifted sideways, moving off of the area rug his parents had bought to make the room look “less industrial.”

Now standing in front of the sink, Cayden was bent nearly in half. Tears were running down his face; pee was running down his legs. Everything hurt, and his head was spinning. This couldn’t be happening…not again…

With one last agonizing surge, Cayden’s bladder released completely. Hot urine spilled past his now-useless hand, falling in thick streams down both of his legs.

Cayden wept silently, leaning against the sink in shame and exhaustion. The feeling of his accident soaking into his pants was equal parts shameful and surreal. This was a new school, a new dorm, a new year. This wasn’t supposed to happen here.

The only sounds in the room were Cayden’s slightly labored breathing and the trickling of his pee onto the tile floor. After far too long, the trickle slowed to a drip, and Cayden wiped his dripping nose against the back of his wrist.

He wanted to disappear. He wanted to curl up in a ball on the floor and cry.

He wanted his mom.

After a minute, a minute during which he probably couldn’t have moved if the dorm was on fire, Cayden took a deep breath, mindful of being quiet, and stood up. His pants were so heavy with pee, he had to grab them to keep them from falling. Hesitantly, he looked down to see the wide puddle beneath his feet. Fortunately, it didn’t stretch to the rug, though it was creeping toward the mini fridge.

Lip trembling, Cayden gingerly tiptoed out of the puddle and reached for his towel, hanging on the side of the wardrobe. Gently placing it on the ground, he tried to sop up most of his mess, or at least keep it from spreading.

With the humiliating evidence of his accident mostly contained, Cayden turned his attention to the heavy, drenched pajama pants he was still wearing. His thoughts raced disjointedly; he couldn’t just leave his wet things in the room. What if they started to smell? But he really wanted to shower first. What if he started to smell? But he certainly couldn’t just walk to the shower in his current state – someone might see him. And he didn’t want to put on new clothes before showering, just to get them dirty.

Cayden was nearly pouting at this point. He didn’t have the greatest independent coping skills to begin with, and being trapped in a dorm room with a sleeping roommate while covered in your own urine was not a situation that had an obvious solution. An only child of fairly involved (okay, intrusive) parents, Cayden had not often been forced to account for his own mistakes. Already, he was starting to blame the location of the room (why would they even have rooms so far away from the bathrooms?), the unhealthy options in the dining hall (so irresponsible, allowing stressed students such open access to caffeinated, sugary drinks), and the dorm mattresses (surely, if he’d been on a proper mattress, he would’ve gotten more regulated sleep, allowing him to wake up before he was so desperate).

Now armed with the same kind of self-assured anger his father had exhibited the first day, Cayden stripped off his wet pants and grabbed a pair of shorts. He didn’t have any “grubby” clothes, really, but the athletic shorts were loose enough, and he could throw them in the laundry with his pajamas, underwear, and the towel he’d used to clean up his accident.

Dressed in dry clothes, if not yet clean, Cayden wiped up the rest of his mess, even wiping across the floor with a wet paper towel for good measure. He knew the dorm janitors didn’t clean residential rooms, so he’d have to find some bleach wipes or something later, just in case. He then threw the wet bath towel in his laundry bag, along with the sopping pajamas and underwear. He cinched the bag tight, hoping (assuming, really) that the smell wouldn’t get too bad before he got back from showering.

Satisfied with his cleaning job, Cayden pulled out a clean towel and picked up his shower caddy. As softly as possible, he opened the bedroom door, looked around one more time to make sure he hadn’t missed any drops of urine, then headed to the bathroom, closing the door quietly behind him.

And from the top bunk, Hunter let out a deep breath, unsure how to process what he’d just seen.

*004*2016-11-03 03:33

Thank you all so much for your reads and comments! I've been staying up late, watching the World Series, so I managed to get this chapter done early. I still plan to have the next part done over the weekend. Not that any of you lovely people would ever judge me for it, but personally, I am appalled at some of the typos I left in the first part (incorrect pluralization of proper nouns - yikes!), but I'm sure this one isn't any better. Baseball is stressful, folks :)

Happy reading!

###

For the first few weeks of the school year, Hunter and Cayden had functionally ignored each other. Hunter had promised the baby-faced young man that they didn’t have to be friends, but they both seem to have interpreted that vow as “We don’t even have to speak to each other.” It’s not that they disliked each other; they just both acted as if the other didn’t exist.

Which presented a conundrum for Hunter when he saw Cayden wet himself. Hunter wasn’t exactly gregarious, but he was kind. He had six younger siblings back home, so his older-brother instinct had gone into overdrive upon seeing the smaller boy crying in front of the sink.

But Cayden wasn’t Hunter’s younger brother. For all intents and purposes, the two were strangers. Cayden certainly hadn’t asked for Hunter’s help, and he didn’t seem sick or in dire need of help. So Hunter had stayed in bed, trying to breathe as quietly as possible until Cayden finally left. Knowing he didn’t have class until 11, Hunter had tried to fall back asleep, so as not to embarrass Cayden, but he ended up just lying in bed with his eyes closed until Cayden was gone for the day.

Hunter had been mystified; he’d watched Cayden closely for the rest of the day, but Cayden didn’t say a word. Hunter thought he looked stressed, but maybe he always looked stressed. Hunter wouldn’t know. So he kept his mouth shut and kept a bit more of an eye on his roommate in the following weeks.

Cayden, of course, assumed that his accident was a secret. He’d gone to class that day still shaken, but confident that Hunter had slept through the entire debacle. They had different class schedules that day, and Hunter worked at the dining hall, so the two boys weren’t back in the room together until after dark. By that time, Cayden had unconsciously decided to act as if the whole thing had never happened. No one had seen him, he’d put his soiled clothes and towel through the laundry, and it was obviously just a fluke, anyway.

And so the roommates continued their mostly silent orbit around one another – Hunter growing increasingly comfortable with his collegiate habits, and Cayden growing increasingly distressed.

If Cayden had at least an average level of introspective skill, he would have realized that he was getting more and more irritated with numerous aspects of college life: the quality of the food in the dining hall, the general noise of the dorm hallway, the various demands placed on him by his archaic, heartless professors. But Cayden wasn’t introspective. Cayden was just annoyed.

Hunter observed silently as Cayden’s footsteps fell a bit harder, his typing grew a bit more forceful. He’d huff at homework problems, snort at tangled headphones, and whine when his alarm went off in the morning. A lifelong non-complainer, Hunter was somewhat put off by Cayden’s consistent storming, but he didn’t bother calling him out or asking what was wrong.

After all, they weren’t friends.

###

Two weeks after Cayden’s wet morning, the boys were both inundated with midterms. For Hunter, who was used to organization and hard work, albeit of a slightly different kind, the midterms were a challenge, an absolutely necessary, character-building exercise on the way to earning his degree. To Cayden, the midterms were pointless, barbaric hazing rituals, used by sadistic professors to toy with overburdened students.

The roommates kept up their practice of avoidance as they studied for their respective exams, but Hunter kept sneaking glances at Cayden. The smaller boy barely slept; Hunter could hear him tossing and turning in the bottom bunk. Still, Hunter didn’t say anything. He reasoned that Cayden was an adult, and it wasn’t Hunter’s job to take care of him.

As they approached the final midterm in a very long week – their shared Economics exam on Thursday – Hunter found himself starting to pity his roommate. Yes, Cayden was huffy and grating, but mostly, he just seemed lost, like he truly had no clue how to handle being in college.

The night before the econ exam, Hunter looked toward Cayden sitting sideways at his desk. “Hey, man,” he suggested, trying to sound nonchalant. “Wanna review for Edwin’s test tomorrow?”

Cayden looked up, startled, as if he hadn’t even been aware that Hunter was in the room. “Oh, uhhhh…” Cayden blinked. “No, I’m…almost…done…”

Hunter just nodded; he hadn’t really expected Cayden to agree. “OK. Good luck.”

The next afternoon, Hunter walked into the giant gymnasium that housed the exams for all sections of Econ simultaneously. Cayden was already ensconced in a desk near the side of the room, about two-thirds of the way back. He was hunched over the tiny desk, jiggling his leg. Hunter considered greeting him as he walked by, but Cayden didn’t look up. Hunter sighed and took a seat behind him and to his right.

It wasn’t just that Cayden didn’t notice his roommate; he didn’t really notice any of the hundreds of other students filing into the desk-filled gym. He was staring at his notes, sweating, trying to force every last bit of information into his oversaturated brain.

The clock flipped to 2:00, and a half-dozen TAs circulated around the room, passing out the exam booklets. Cayden’s hand was shaking as he grabbed the sheaf of paper.

The exam was long and thorough. Cayden’s stomach clenched each time he couldn’t think of the next step of an answer instantly.

His breathing sped up, and he could feel beads of sweat dripping off his forehead as he bent over his exam, scribbling frantic answers. There was still an hour left, but Cayden felt rushed, constricted.

This was stupid. So stupid. Who needed economics, anyway? How ridiculous that they made all students take it. He wasn’t a business major; why would he need it? These questions were so pedantic; surely this exam didn’t measure real learning. It was so stupid.

Turning the page, Cayden raised his head to look at some of the other students around him. None of them looked nearly as stressed as Cayden felt. What was the deal? Had they been given a different study guide? This exam was for econ students from all different sections, so they probably just had a better professor. Cayden knew Dr. Edwin was an idiot, and this proved it. The students from other professors were all better prepared. It was clearly Dr. Edwin’s fault.

Cayden didn’t realize that he was actually doing fairly well on the exam; his manic studying wasn’t exactly healthy, but it had been effective. The answers that he was angrily scribbling were largely accurate, if not particularly nuanced or well-written. He was easily on track to finish the exam in time.

With about 20 minutes left, Cadyen was working on the final, multi-part essay question. The fact that it had five different components nearly had the boy in tears from frustration. What business did the university even have, framing give different questions as a single problem? And on the very last page, too. That was deceptive. How were students supposed to leave enough time to answer properly?

Kneading the inside of his lip between his teeth, Cayden frowned. He wanted to whine or yell or crumple his test into a ball and throw it across the room. He was so annoyed and overwhelmed that he could barely think straight. He just wanted to be done. He didn’t even care what he was writing anymore; he just wanted to put enough down for the final question to finish the exam and turn it in.

Cayden was hunched over his desk, writing furiously. He didn’t notice the beads of sweat dripping sporadically onto his paper. He didn’t notice the increasingly frequent shuffles of students getting up to turn in their exams.

He didn’t notice he was wetting himself.

Cayden hadn’t been desperate or really even aware of any fullness, but his bladder released just as he was writing out the final words of his answer. Urine seeped into his lap, darkening his wrinkled khakis.

Obvious for at least a few seconds, Cayden crossed the last ‘t,’ put down his pencil, and sighed with relief at having finished the test. He craned his neck, finally returning his body to some movement after being bent over his desk for so long.

Then he froze.

Oh no. No no no no no…

It was only a trickle, but Cayden cut it off immediately. Unconsciously, he gripped the edges of the desk. He hadn’t even felt anything; how could he have wet himself?

After a few seconds of fearful hesitation, Cayden flicked his gaze downward to examine the damage. Nothing was dripping off the chair, thank goodness, but there was an absolutely noticeable dark patch on his lap, reaching almost to his knees.

Cayden’s breath hitched. Why did he have to wear khakis today? Why didn’t he feel anything? Why did the damn test have to take so long, anyway?

There were only 15 minutes left in the exam; about half of the students were already gone, but that still left over 200 freshman and sophomores scattered in desks throughout the gym. Yes, most of them had their eyes on their own papers, but there was really no way Cayden could hope to leave without being noticed.

Cayden was paralyzed with indecision. He was trapped. He leaned forward a bit, arms on the desk, hoping that his pose would shield his lap. He also tried to convince himself that no one would be looking, anyway. Who looked at the crotch of other students as they walked by? Perverts.

Two rows back and one desk over, Hunter finished up his own test. He’d been more nervous for econ than for his other midterms, but he was reasonably satisfied with his responses. Mostly, he was just pleased to have made it through the week of tests. Brought back to reality after the consuming focus of writing an exam, Hunter peeked up to see if Cayden was still there.

Cayden was definitely still there, but he wasn’t writing. Hunter furrowed his brow a bit; had Cayden fallen asleep? No, he seemed to be shifting too much to be sleeping.

I should just go, Hunter thought. He was done with his exam; there was no reason for him to stay. Cayden was probably just thinking. It was none of Hunter’s business…

But Hunter stayed. He tried to look busy, checking over his own exam, sporadically looking up to see if Cayden had moved. The minutes ticked by, and the gymnasium slowly emptied. Finally, with about 20 students left, the proctor called time. The TAs started weaving through the desks, prodding the stragglers to give up their exam booklets.

But Cayden still didn’t move. Hunter stood slowly, concerned. He didn’t want Cayden to get in trouble, and he certainly didn’t want the boy to get in a fight with some unsuspecting TA who tried to take his exam. Cautiously, Hunter walked up behind Cayden, holding his own exam.

Cayden heard the final call, but he couldn’t stand. His wet pants pressed uncomfortably against his thighs. What could he do? Cayden’s head spun with the injustice of it all.

Then a hand reached down and slid Cayden’s exam off his desk. Before he could stop himself, Cayden looked up, automatically dropping his hand into his lap in a reflexive effort to cover the stain.

Hunter was already walking away, heading toward the proctor’s desk to submit their exams. Cayden’s mouth hung open, breathing audibly. The TA’s had completed their circuit of the room and were heading back to the front; by taking his Cayden’s test for him, Hunter had spared the boy at least a couple more minutes of possibly being seen.

Cayden blinked rapidly, trying to keep his eyes from filling with tears. He was so frustrated and ashamed, he couldn’t be grateful. Instead, he felt irritated at Hunter. Was he rubbing it in? Stupid, skinny farm boy. Who did he think he was? Cayden didn’t need his help…except he did.

Approaching the proctor’s desk, Hunter was trying to keep his face neutral. Cayden had wet himself again, this time in the middle of an exam. Hunter had never seen someone older than the age of 6 pee their pants, and now his 19-year-old roommate had done it twice in the span of a couple weeks. What was going on?

Hunter set his exam and Cayden’s on top of the pile, then turned back to get the backpack that he’d left at his desk. The room was all but empty now – even the proctor was packing up – but Cayden was still seated, looking very shaken and very young.

Again, Hunter thought of his younger siblings. He’d always worked so hard to protect and take care of them; maybe Cayden needed someone to take care of him. Or at least help him a little. No man is an island, and all that.

So Hunter picked up his backpack and turned back to his roommate.

“Hey,” he whispered, even though the gym was now empty, so being quiet didn’t really matter.

Cayden looked up, frowning defensively.

“Let’s go, man,” Hunter continued, gently. “You can’t stay here.”

Cayden’s frown deepened. “I…I can’t…”

Hunter shook his head, trying to dismiss Cayden’s unspoken concerns. “It’s no big deal,” he promised, unconvincingly.

“It…” Cayden sputtered, reddening. “It was a really long test. It’s not my fault.”

Hunter recoiled slightly at the boy’s response. The test had been 90 minutes; it wasn’t nearly long enough to justify a loss of bladder control.

He set his mouth. “Cayden, come one. It’s time to go.”

Cayden seemed to melt a bit at the more forceful command. “What if people see me?” he asked, his voice small.

Hunter had already thought of that. He was used to solving problems (not this problem, exactly, but problems in general), so he’d started considering possible escape scenarios as soon as he’d seen the stain on Cayden’s pants.

“It’s fine. There’s no one here, so just hold your backpack in front of you and get to the bathrooms out in the hall, then I’ll go back to the dorm and get you clean clothes.”

Cayden stuck out his lower lip at the (totally justified) language, but he didn’t argue. It was a solid plan, and, though he wouldn’t admit it, he was really grateful for Hunter’s offer.

“OK,” he whispered.

Refraining from reaching out a hand to help, Hunter watched as his roommate finally got to his feet. The stain somehow looked more incriminating from this position, but Cayden quickly grabbed his bag and held it awkwardly in front of his thighs. Satisfied that Cayden was finally moving, Hunter started walking down the aisle toward the door to the hallway.

At the door, Hunter quickly peeked out, making sure the hallway was unpopulated enough for Cayden to make the 20-foot trek to the restrooms. There was a small cluster of students down at the far end, but even if they’d been paying attention, Hunter figured they were too far away to really see anything. He gestured slightly at Cayden, signaling that it was OK to move.

Cayden barely nodded in response. When he’d stood, he’d felt a tug at his bladder, so now, he just wanted to get to a toilet before he soiled himself any further.

With Hunter as the advance guard, Cayden shuffled quickly into the men’s restroom and ducked unceremoniously into one of the stalls.

“OK…” Hunter drawled. “I’ll just go get your stuff. I’ll be back in 15 minutes, OK?”

Cayden hummed his assent, already grabbing between his legs and shuffling. Luckily, Hunter accepted that response, and Cayden heard the door shut.

Finally, Cayden let out a whine as he tugged at his zipper. Simply being in such close proximity to a toilet had amplified his need, and he felt new warmth against his hand before he was able to finally position himself properly and finish peeing in the toilet.

Cayden hissed, wiping his wet hand on the back of his pants. Why was this happening? His pants were gross and itchy, and he really needed to wash his hands, but he didn’t dare to step out of the stall. And what was taking Hunter so long, anyway? The dorm wasn’t even that far away.

Over the next 10 minutes – because, despite what Cayden’s irritation allowed him to believe, Hunter was actually going as fast as he could – Cayden built a solid rationale for his latest accident, one that, naturally, absolved him from all responsibility. He didn’t allow himself to dwell on the implications of wetting himself twice in two weeks, or what he could have had to deal with if Hunter hadn’t offered to help this time, or how eerily similar this all felt to before…

“Cayden?” To anyone else, Hunter’s voice would have sounded comfortingly gentle. To Cayden, it sounded annoying, even submissive.

“Yeah,” he responded gruffly, indicating his presence in the same stall. Like he’d be anywhere else.

Hunter didn’t acknowledge the impolite response. If he was going to picture Cayden as a younger sibling, he was going to have to accept some childish behavior. So he just slid the jeans and boxers he’d grabbed from Cayden’s dresser under the stall door.

Cayden sighed, his relief temporarily overcoming his purposefully indignant attitude. He was safe. He was going to get out of this. He was fine. This was just…another fluke.

Hunter wasn’t sure if he should go, so he stayed, but when Cayden finally emerged, the boy didn’t make eye contact. He has his backpack slung over his shoulder, presumably containing his wet pants, and he trudged to the sink to wash his hands.

Hunter shifted, suddenly uncomfortable. He hadn’t expected effusive praise, but he definitely thought some kind of thanks was called for. Hunter just couldn’t get a read on the angry, self-righteous young man.

Finally, Hunter cleared his throat. “All good?”

Cayden blushed. On some level, he knew that he should thank his roommate, but he was too prideful to be anything but annoyed. “Yeah. I’m just going back to the room.”

Hunter supposed that was all he could ask for. “I’m going to work, then. See you later.”

Cayden mumbled an unintelligible response as he shouldered the bathroom door open. For all intents and purposes, he was already gone.

*005*2016-11-06 03:27

Chapter 3! Hope you like it. As always, thanks for reading!

###

Hunter couldn’t stop thinking about his roommate. He’d never been in this kind of situation before, and he was so torn about what to do. He should probably do something, right? But how do you confront a 19-year-old about peeing himself on more than one occasion? Cayden had claimed that the Econ exam was just too long, but Hunter couldn’t bring himself to accept that explanation, and not just because he’d seen the same thing happen 2 weeks prior. It was just…college students didn’t wet themselves, did they? At least not while sober.

Maybe Cayden had been drunk during the test…

Meanwhile, Cayden’s completely unrealistic sense of denial was going strong. Without actively thinking it, he convinced himself that Hunter had totally bought his excuse, and that he therefore didn’t have to worry about his roommate’s opinion or interference. And he really didn’t need Hunter’s pity; he was fine. He was fine.

As the days passed, Hunter swore that Cayden was becoming more unhinged – stomping around, huffing at every tiny annoyance, and he virtually never smiled anymore. Hunter knew that college stressed people out, but Cayden seemed to go out of his way to be miserable.

But with their established pattern of avoidance, Hunter couldn’t figure out an opening to try to talk to Cayden. Not that he had any idea what he’d say; he just knew that there had to be something Cayden could do to make his own life a little easier.

With midterms over, the general level of academic demand diminished, at least temporarily. Instead of spending extra time studying, Hunter found himself formulating scripts and scenarios that he could use to try to help Cayden, or at least understand what was going on with him.

A week after the economics exam, Hunter walked back to the dorm after his shift at the dining hall. He’d decided that tonight, he was going to say something to Cayden. Just ask how things were going, offer to help, something. He just couldn’t live with himself without at least offering to support the boy somehow.

Hunter opened the door to Room 135. Cayden was sitting sideways at his desk – he was left-handed, and rather than angle his arm sideways, he chose to turn his entire chair, so that he was facing out into the room – scribbling over what looked like statistics homework.

He seemed to be deeply engrossed in his work, so Hunter hesitated. He didn’t really want to interrupt Cayden. Hunter quietly closed the door behind him, intending to sit at his own desk and fool around online until it looked like Cayden was taking a break.

But as Hunter took another step into the room, he looked more closely at his roommate. Cayden was…shaking? Trembling?

The smaller boy’s legs were practically vibrating, heels bouncing slightly but quickly on the floor. His thighs slid back and forth on the chair, rubbing against one another, but Cayden seemed entirely focused on his paper. It was almost like watching someone move around while dreaming.

Hunter furrowed his brow. Under normal circumstances, he would have interpreted Cayden’s shifts as just nervous energy, discomfort from sitting too long. But these weren’t ordinary circumstances, and Hunter couldn’t help but wonder if Cayden had to use the bathroom. Hunter inhaled, pressing his lips together. Would it be really emasculating to suggest as much?

But before Hunter could say a word, a tiny, dark stain bloomed in Cayden’s lap, growing slowly across his thighs.

Hunter couldn’t hold back a gasp – Cayden was wetting himself.

Again.

Hunter’s gut tinged with anticipatory embarrassment; he expected Cayden to yelp, or grasp himself, and ultimately look up to see his roommate standing there.

But Cayden did no such thing. With the same focused frown on his face, he kept penciling work onto his paper, like he wasn’t urinating through his jeans at that very moment.

Hunter watched in horrified fascination as his roommate continued to obliviously wet his pants. He was utterly dumbfounded. He knew he should look away, or say something, but he could only blink as he watched Cayden’s accident spread out from his crotch. It was a terrible, illicit feeling; Hunter knew this was something he shouldn’t be seeing, but it was so novel, so inexplicable that he couldn’t tear his eyes away.

And still, Cayden didn’t move. He kept his head down even as the wetness seeped past his knees, creating small trickles down the shins of his pants. After a minute, the stain seemed to stop spreading, but Cayden never once looked up from his homework.

Hunter was entirely unsure as to how someone – a practically grown man, nonetheless – could completely pee himself without noticing. Once the fog of his astonishment dissipated slightly, Hunter drew in a breath.

“Uh…Cayden?” Hunter cleared his throat.

Cayden’s head snapped up, an annoyed look on his face. Then, in the span of less than a second, he seemed to realize that his pants were drenched and dripping, and his irritated scowl flipped to a stunned, hurt mask.

Hunter’s stomach clenched. “You ju-“

“I spilled my drink,” Cayden interrupted, his voice squeaking. He was unsuccessfully trying to warp his face into a defensive glare. “I just…forgot…i-it’s nothing…”

Hunter visibly recoiled at the wildly implausible explanation; he was so stunned by the lie that he didn’t even bother trying to frame his response gently.

“You pissed yourself, man! I…saw you!” Hunter decided not to say “watched.” That sounded creepy.

“No!” yelped Cayden, his voice approaching a petulant whine. “I didn’t, I didn’t…”

“You did!” Hunter snapped. “You pissed yourself and you weren’t even gonna do anything about it. You just sat there!”

Cayden’s eyes were filling with tears – tears of frustration, tears of fear, tears of shame. He felt trapped; he was sure that he’d been fine, that he didn’t have to worry about Hunter, but now, his bladder had betrayed him yet again, right in front of his roommate.

Hunter exhaled slowly, trying to calm himself. Yes, Cayden had lied and was being mind-numbingly obtuse, but the boy just looked so little and scared.

“Look, man,” Hunter began softly. “I’m not mad, and I don’t want to, you know, butt into your life, but that’s –“ Hunter paused, quickly deciding how much to share. “-twice you’ve wet yourself now, and that’s not normal.”

Cayden had been hanging his head ashamedly, but he bristled at Hunter’s last word. “I’m not…not normal,” he hissed. “I’m fine, it’s none of your business.” He was definitely whining now, a sullen toddler in over his head, but still insisting on unearned independence.

Sighing, Hunter reframed his argument. “If you’re going to be pissing all over our room, it is my business,” he retorted. “The room’s gonna smell.”

Cayden’s lower lip trembled. His entire defensive strategy was based on the idea that his problems were his alone (and not real problems, of course), but he couldn’t think of a good response to Hunter’s assertion.

“Besides,” Hunter continued, more gently. “You already did it in class. What will you do if it happens again?”

A pained whimper escaped Cayden’s throat, like a hurt animal. He didn’t want to think about that.

“You didn’t even notice this time, man,” Hunter implored, his voice almost a whisper. “I just feel like…if you don’t try to do something about it, it’s gonna happen again, and maybe it won’t be in our room next time.”

By this time, Cayden’s lower lip was sticking out, and he had his arms folded in front of him, but it seemed to be more a gesture of self-comfort than of defiance.

Hunter watched for a moment to see if the other boy was going to respond. When he didn’t, Hunter went on. “Look, man. Like I said, I don’t want to butt in, but I want you to know that I’ll help if you need me to. If you’re sick or something, or if you need…something…” Hunter didn’t really know what Cayden could need that he could provide, but he was sincere in his offer. “…then I’ll do it. You don’t have to be embarrassed with me. I really don’t care, I promise.”

He gazed at Cayden, almost beseechingly, but the other boy just sniffled. Hunter sighed, thinking he wasn’t going to get anything else for now. Slightly disappointed, he walked over to sit at his own desk, across from and perpendicular to Cayden’s.

“I didn’t mean to.”

Cayden’s voice was small and hesitant, but it was enough to whirl Hunter around. He faced the smaller boy, who still had his head down, but tilted sideways. Cayden flicked his teary gaze upward, briefly catching Hunter’s eye.

“I know, man,” Hunter responded carefully, when Cayden didn’t continue. “I don’t think you did it on purpose.”

Cayden sighed, oddly relieved that Hunter apparently understood his lack of control over the situation.

“I just…” Cayden’s voice caught, and he swallowed hard. He’d never tried to explain this to someone to his own age.

Hunter draped his arm across the back of his own desk chair, expectant but undemanding. He had no idea what Cayden was going to say, so he wasn’t sure how to encourage him.

“I…” Cayden started again. His pants were so wet and heavy. He really should get cleaned up, but if Hunter was serious about wanting to help (he couldn’t help, there was nothing anyone could do), then at least Cayden could explain so Hunter would stop asking him about it.

“I can’t feel it sometimes,” Cayden murmured. “I don’t know why. My parents don’t know why. The doctors said it’s stress, that when I get stressed, my brain blocks out my body’s signals, so I don’t know when I have to…go.”

Cayden clenched his hands to try to keep them from shaking. “It happened last year,” he went on, his voice thickening with emotion. “I was at my other school, and it was hard, and my roommates were loud and not nice and everything was so hard, and then I started…having accidents.”

Hunter was equally incredulous and concerned at his roommate’s story. He hadn’t known that stress could just do…that, but he had no reason to doubt Cayden’s nervous, heartfelt explanation.

“I couldn’t help it,” Cayden confessed, tears now running down his face. “I tried to come up with excuses, but it happened again and again, and my roommates made fun of me, and then it happened in class, and the professor just told me to leave and everyone saw…”

Cayden was now weeping openly; Hunter, who was very used to cuddling his younger siblings when they were hurt or sad, felt the urge to hug him. Instead, he softly prompted Cayden to continue. “So that’s why you switched schools?”

Cayden nodded, sniffing deeply. “I withdrew after one semester and took online classes while my parents sent me to doctors and therapists. They all said the same things: stress, anxiety. But there was nothing they could give me to help, because the pills wouldn’t help my body. So we decided that a new school would help, since no one here knows me. And we thought I could get a room to myself…” he added in a whisper.

Hunter twitched his jaw, thinking. He was a problem-solver, and even though Cayden had seen doctors, it didn’t really seem like he and his parents had done a whole lot to manage his issue.

“So…” Hunter began carefully, “…are there any…strategies? Or things? You know, like stress-relieving stuff?”

“I’m trying,” Cayden snapped. “I do go to the counseling center, and they told me stuff to do, and I’m trying, I am, but I just get so worried about my classes!”

Hunter didn’t know a ton about counseling, but he’d had a fairly enlightened health teacher in high school who tried to teach the seniors about self-care and mental health management. Still, he’d pretty much expected that answer out of Cayden. Therapy took awhile to implement, and Cayden didn’t strike him as a person who valued incremental progress.

“OK,” Hunter nodded, as if what Cayden had said made total sense. “Then let’s think about other things we can do while you’re learning to manage your stress.”

Cayden clenched his teeth. “I’m not wearing diapers, Hunter. I’m not a toddler.”

Fortunately for the credibility of Hunter’s reaction, he hadn’t actually considered diapers as a possibility, and thus could look sufficiently stunned by the idea. “No, dude, no!” he insisted. “That’s not even what I was thinking.”

Cayden dipped his head, his eyebrows still drawn with suspicion, but he didn’t argue.

“What if you just set a timer or something?” Hunter asked. “Use your phone or your watch to just remind you to go every 2 hours or something, so you never get too full.”

Cayden frowned, considering. “But…what if I’m in class?”

Hunter nodded again, thinking to himself that Cayden had clearly never had to figure out anything on his own. “You can make a schedule that fits around your classes. You know, make sure you go before or after, but then make sure it’s no more than 2 hours at a time when you’re not in class.”

Cayden raised his eyebrows slowly, as if Hunter had just explained something revolutionary and enlightening. “Yeah…” he said slowly. “I could do that…”

Hunter nearly sighed with relief. “No one would have to know but you and me. You could even set it up like your alarm is a phone call or something, so you’d have an excuse to leave if you’re with people.” Hunter really didn’t think Cayden socialized much – no more than he did, anyway – but he also figured that Cayden wouldn’t consider any contingencies.

Cayden looked so hopeful, like a child standing in line to meet Santa Claus. “Yeah…” he breathed again. “That would work!”

Finally, Hunter allowed himself a small smile. “Awesome. So you work out a schedule around your classes and pick an alarm. If you run into any problems, let me know, and we’ll work it out.”

It was such a simple solution, but Cayden had grown up nothing if not coddled, so even simple solutions were beyond his capabilities. Relatedly, he had a tendency to catastrophize (or, as Hunter’s grandpa would say, “make a mountain out of a molehill”), which led to either freaking out or shutting down. He’d been trying for weeks to shut down and ignore his growing incontinence, but now! Now, it wasn’t going to be a problem anymore!

Cayden beamed. “Thanks, Hunter,” he murmured, a bit timidly.

“No problem, man,” Hunter replied, the corner of his mouth quirked up in response. He watched for another moment, then said, when Cayden stayed in his chair. “Now why don’t you get cleaned up?”

Cayden at least had the presence of mind to blush at the reminder that he was still wearing urine-soaked jeans. He grimaced a bit as he stood, but ultimately left for the showers without any trouble.

Hunter blew out his cheeks and sighed forcefully, clasping his hands behind his head. He still couldn’t quite wrap his head around the idea that Cayden took so little initiative in his own life, but there was still room for growth, right? It might just take a lot of work on patience on Hunter’s part…

###

For the first few days, Cayden’s system seemed to be working well. He didn’t exactly discuss his bathroom habits with Hunter, but he didn’t seem to be doing any extra laundry, and he would even grin shyly when Hunter got back from work at night.

The following Tuesday, 5 days after Cayden’s second (third, really) accident, Hunter beamed as he walked back from his last class, basking in the unseasonably warm afternoon as he headed back to the dorm to change for work. The whole campus seemed to buzz, soaking in the pleasant weather.

In the dorm, several freshman were holding a carpet hockey tournament in the hallway. Hunter grinned apologetically as he skirted past them to get to his room, breaking into a chuckle when the shirts team erupted in celebration after a score.

Hunter was still laughing when he opened the door and stepped into the room, but stopped immediately when he saw Cayden.

Cayden was hunched over next to the sink, hands shoved forcefully between his thighs, twisting frantically.

Hunter quickly shut the door behind him. “What’s going on?” he asked, trying to keep his voice low.

Cayden didn’t even try to keep from whining. His face was crumpled. “I had my alarm set, I did, but I must’ve drunk too much since last time, because when I got up, I had to go really bad, and I had to hold it, but there are people outside, so I couldn’t go, because I had to hold it, and they’d see meeeeeeeee!”

Hunter pressed his lips together, trying to swallow his exasperation. “Just go in the sink, then!”

Cayden huffed, a bit hurt at the implication that he hadn’t already thought of that. “It’s too high! I’d splash on our toothbrushes!”

If the situation hadn’t still been so tenuous, Hunter would’ve been proud that Cayden had actually thought of an alternate solution, and even come up with a viable reason to discount said solution.

But the situation was tenuous. Collapsing, in fact.

“I’m soooooorryyyyyyyy,” Cayden wailed quietly as he lost control. Streams of urine spilled out past his hand, darkening his pants with a speed that enforced just how full he’d been.

Hunter slumped his shoulders. Cayden looked like a shamed child, like someone who actually understood that he was way too old to be peeing his pants. It was a stark contrast to the flustered defensiveness of his earlier accidents.

“It’s OK, man, don’t worry about it,” Hunter murmured. “You set your alarm; you stuck to the schedule. It’s not your fault.”

Cayden looked utterly pathetic, sniffling and standing in his own puddle. “What am I gonna do?” he asked miserably.

“Just go shower,” Hunter sighed. “We’ll figure something out.”

Cayden hung his head and disappeared behind the wardrobe to strip off his sopping pants. He emerged a minute later, wearing what had now become his post-wetting nylon shorts and carrying his bath towel. He wiped his eyes frantically, trying to hide any evidence he’d been crying before going out in the hallway with the hockey-playing freshman.

When Cayden shut the door behind him, Hunter flopped into his desk chair, dropping his head into his hands. He knew he should probably wipe up Cayden’s puddle, but he was exhausted by the past few minutes. He knew he only had a little time to think of an acceptable solution to the sure-to-happen again eventuality of Cayden being too desperate to walk to the toilet without openly holding himself, or he risked Cayden giving up on the plan altogether.
