Tears of a Clown

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2017-07-16 05:05

“Wyatt.”

Wyatt Clarkson turned at the sound of the familiar voice, still laughing from the story he’d just finished telling. “Hey, buddy!” he greeted Bella Graham, the tall girl standing behind him. “Time to go?”

Bella nodded. She didn’t smile, but Bella rarely smiled. Her facial expression really wasn’t an indicator of her mood, as Wyatt well knew. He wasn’t bothered by Bella’s resting bitch face, or anything else about the somewhat intimidating high schooler.

If there was one word to describe Bella Graham, it was “fierce.” As a senior in high school, the18-year-old was nearly 6 feet tall and broad-shouldered. She played a sport a season – soccer, swimming, and softball – and had a generally grim, take-no-shit demeanor that cowed both opponents on the field and in the pool and peers in the hallways of school. It wasn’t that Bella was mean; she was just quiet and unexcitable. But a 6-foot-tall girl with an unsmiling face was automatically assumed to be cold and unfriendly.

Wyatt knew better, of course. He and Bella had known each other their entire lives. They grew up in the same apartment complex, and their parents participated in a nanny share. They’d gone to all the same schools and, even though they took divergent social paths, they’d remained friends. Today, during one of her rare breaks between sports seasons, Bella had offered to drive Wyatt home after a shared Key Club volunteering event downtown.

Grateful for the ride, Wyatt bid a quick good=bye to his friends and followed Bella to the parking garage. Briefly, he noticed that his bladder was reasonably full, but the drive out of the city and to their suburban apartment was only about 45 minutes, so he wasn’t too worried.

Wyatt didn’t worry about much. He had always been a cheerful child and had blossomed into a pleasant version of a stereotypical class clown in middle school and high school. He frequently spoke in silly voices and accents, but he was so friendly and unflappable that he escaped most of the annoyance that others would have garnered. Teachers appreciated the fact that he wouldn’t interrupt class with his antics, and friends knew him as a reliable source of a laugh in stressful situations.

“Thanks for the ride, LB,” Wyatt said cheerfully as he climbed into the front seat.

“Anytime, pal,” Bella replied, the corner of her mouth quirking up at the nickname.

Since they were young, Wyatt had christened Bella with all manner of odd permutations of her full name. He couldn’t pronounce “Isabella” as a child, and he took to coming up with silly pet names – ‘Za, Patti LaBelle, and, the one he ultimately settled on, Liberty Bell, now shortened to LB.

Bella never minded. As intense as she was on the field (and in the pool, and, well, in general), she had a definite soft spot for Wyatt. There was an affection borne of 18 years of shared experience; Bella felt more comfortable around Wyatt then she did around pretty much anyone else. His humor and easy smile was a welcome break from the intimidation she usually elicited from others.

Wyatt certainly wasn’t intimidated by Bella. If anything, he was in awe of the skilled, respected girl – woman – his friend had grown into. He was sure Bella could handle anything and make it look easy.

Like now. Almost instantly, they had pulled into traffic. It wasn’t entirely unexpected, of course, being rush hour downtown, but there was apparently some construction that was compounding the usual gridlock. Most drivers would be irritated, Wyatt thought, but Bella looked completely unruffled.

Objectively, the traffic should have been much more nerve-wracking to Wyatt, but his inherent good nature kept him from getting too worked up. Instead, he kept up a steady chatter of entertaining stories, the kind that amused Bella without really requiring her participation.

But the traffic was relentless. Even with a few clever self-imposed detours, it took them 45 minutes just to get to the bypass, when it normally would have taken 15.

Wyatt checked the clock and tensed when he saw the time. They should have been home by now, but they were just pulling onto the highway. He really had to pee, now. Not just “wow, I have to go,” but “if I don’t go soon, there’s going to be a problem.”

Without even noticing, Wyatt had stopped storytelling. Bella, who was used to quiet, didn’t really find this strange.

Without even noticing, Wyatt had started jiggling his left leg. Bella, who knew that he wasn’t a fidgety person by nature, did find this strange.

After a minute or so, with no real sounds but the general whoosh of the car speeding along the freeway, Bella finally voiced her concern.

“You OK there, pal?”

“Mmm?” Wyatt blinked and looked over at his friend. Her mild look of confusion was enough to make him realize that he was bouncing his knee up and down in a terribly obvious manner.

“Oh, I-“ Wyatt started to make some joking excuse, but an unexpected surge from his bladder cut him off and forced him to jerk his thighs together.

“Wy?” Bella was verging on legitimate worry now.

Wyatt inhaled deeply as he regained a sense of control. Without the immediate feeling of desperation, he managed a smile. “No worries, LB,” he tried to assure her.

Bella arched an eyebrow, and Wyatt couldn’t help but grin. He should’ve known better than to try to lie to her. They knew each other too well for that.

“It’s fine, Bells,” he promised. “I just have to pee. I thought we’d be home by now, but it’s no big deal.”

Bella winced sympathetically. “Sorry, Wy,” she said. “Not too much longer.”

Wyatt laughed good-naturedly. “Thanks, mom. I’m completely unfamiliar with the geography of my own city, so I had no concept of how far away we are.”

Bella punched him lightly on the shoulder. She was grateful, at least, that Wyatt wasn’t in trouble enough to lose his sense of humor. They were speeding along the bypass toward the main highway; now that traffic was moving, they should make it back home in good time.

Wyatt kept bouncing his knee; the movement helped keep his muscles engaged and his need at bay. But without the sublimated embarrassment of trying to keep his full bladder a secret, he was able to relax a bit and resume conversation.

Twenty minutes went by smoothly. Wyatt’s need was definitely urgent, but they were close to home. As long as he could keep his legs pressed together, he’d be fine.

On the highway, Bella rounded the last curve before their exit. She put on her turn signal to indicate the move to the off-ramp, then gasped softly.

The exit ramp was almost entirely full – two lanes of backed-up cars, waiting at the light at the top of the overpass.

Bella applied the brakes as gently as she could, so as not to further jostle Wyatt, but the unexpectedly quick stop still jolted him enough to leak for the first time. Wyatt grunted and paused for a half second before shoving his hand between his legs to ease the pressure.

Bella pressed her lips together as she pulled to a stop at the back of the line. She glanced over at Wyatt and saw a fine sheen of sweat on his temple.

“OK, Wy?” she asked with the slighted bit of hesitation. She didn't know how to make him feel better. As hilarious as Wyatt was on a daily basis, he never made jokes about accidents or wetting, a habit that went back to their childhood. Bella had taken longer than most to stay dry at night and had cried copiously the first time she'd woken up to a wet bed when Wyatt was sleeping over. They'd only been 7 at the time, but Wyatt had hugged her and promised that it was OK and that he'd never laugh at her for something like that.

Wyatt smiled sheepishly, his fist still pressing down between his thighs. “Are the whites of my eyes yellow? ‘Cause I feel like I’m at a point where even Mr. Vinson would let me have a hall pass.”

“We’re almost there,” Bella said in an attempt to be reassuring, but Wyatt grimaced.

He knew what a long exit ramp line at this time of day meant. Since the city had grown over the past decade or so, the population of the suburbs had exploded, and the existing civil planning layout of the city hadn’t been able to keep up. To get to their apartment complex, they had to make a left onto the big road running parallel to the highway, which meant they had to make a specific right into the left turn lane in the cross road from the exit ramp. There was only one left turn lane to accommodate the traffic coming from both directions on the highway, and the lights further south on the parallel road created more congestion, so even a green left-turn signal didn’t mean there would be room for anyone to turn. Under normal circumstances, up to 10 cars could make the turn during each light cycle. During peak times, like now, each light cycle averaged maybe 2 cars.

And Bella and Wyatt sat at the very bottom of the exit ramp. They had to make it onto the cross road before they could even join the snail’s-paced left turn lane. At the very least, Wyatt was looking at another 20 minutes before they could get past the light.

And Wyatt didn’t have 20 minutes.

The painful pressure in his lower abdomen seemed to impossibly intensify with the knowledge that he had to wait. He’d only meant to hold himself for a few seconds (well, he hadn’t really intended to have to hold himself at all), but now, he couldn’t move his hand for fear of losing it.

The car inched forward, silently. Wyatt continued to squirm, mentally cursing Bella’s dislike of the radio. He couldn’t bring himself to speak, and the silence only seemed to highlight the rustling sounds of his fidgeting.

The minutes dragged on, and Wyatt’s situation deteriorated. He’d started leaking again, purely out of need, despite having as tight of a grip on himself as he could through his skinny jeans and relentless twitching of his legs and writhing of his hips.

He felt terrible for making such a scene. Not that he wasn’t used to making scenes, of course, but those were all scenes of his own making, for entertainment purposes. The stark difference in circumstances tore at Wyatt; he wanted to throw himself out the passenger door.

Bella kept stealing glances at her imperiled friend as they finally reached the light at the top of the exit ramp. Wyatt’s face was crumpled in humiliation, and the visual made Bella’s stomach twist. Throughout high school, she’d found herself believing that Wyatt had actually lost the capacity to feel shame; his exploits were so brazen, and he never so much as blushed. Now, he looked like he was about to cry.

Though neither of them had said anything, they’d both been running over several contingency plans, all deemed impossible. There was a gas station on the left (there was too much traffic coming in the opposite direction to make the turn into the parking lot), a mall down the road (at this point, the mall would be too crowded to find a parking spot and get inside with any sense of dignity), and a Burger King on the right (no way could they cross over 3 lanes of traffic to make the turn). They were stuck in their current lane – the only option was to keep going.

In the passenger seat, Wyatt twisted his hips, feeling another leak. His shoulders slumped; his jeans were definitely damp beneath his hand.

Brake lights shone in front of them once more, and Bella stopped the car. At the rate they were going, they were still at least 3 light cycles from making the turn.

Wyatt tried to suppress a moan, but it ended up coming out as a squeak. He saw Bella glance over at him, and he paused.

“…I’m not gonna make it.”

If Bella hadn’t had the radio off, she wouldn’t have heard Wyatt’s nearly-whispered concession. She didn’t know what to say. She wanted to contradict him, tell him it was going to be fine, but she knew him well enough to know that his tone of voice was painfully serious.

“Wyatt…”

Even if she’d been planning on saying anything else, she would have stopped at the oddly overwhelming sound of liquid on fabric.

Wyatt squeezed his eyes shut. The lack of visual input prevented him from seeing Bella’s aghast look, but shutting down one of his senses only seemed to highlight the mortifying feeling of heat spreading down his thighs as he lost control. His dreadful skinny jeans didn’t leave much room for flow, and urine quickly soaked all the way around his thighs, pooling in his lap and on the seat beneath him.

He could feel the car moving forward again, briefly. They stopped all too soon, and Wyatt felt piss drip past his knees. The patter of urine dripping onto the car mats echoed in the quiet interior.

Realistically, Wyatt knew that it hadn’t been forever – it hadn’t even been a full traffic light cycle – but it felt like he was wetting himself for ages. Well, any amount of time was really too long to be wetting yourself in the first place, he thought morosely.

As Bella inched the car forward yet again, Wyatt’s stream tapered off. He finally opened his eyes, breathless with humiliation.

“I…” he stammered. As uncomfortable as he was, the thought of sitting in continued silence was even more aversive.

“Isabella, I’m so sorry,” he said softly. “I really didn’t…God, I feel so stupid…I’m sorry, I’ll-“ His voice caught, and he had to stop to compose himself. Bella didn’t speak, and the silence was suffocating.

“I feel so stupid,” Wyatt continued, his voice softer than Bella had ever heard it. “I thought…I’m sorry, I’m such an idiot, I promise I’ll get your car cleaned. I’m so, so sorry…” Unable to go on, Wyatt tried to blink away the tears pooling in his eyes.

After a few moments, during which they managed to pull to the very front of the left turn lane before the light turned red again, Bella opened her mouth.

“Why don’t you ever call me Bella?”

Wyatt finally turned his head to look at his friend, dazed. “What?”

“Everyone else calls me Bella,” she continued. “But even when you’re not calling me LB, you use my full name. The teachers call me Bella, all my friends call me Bella, even my parents call me Bella. Why don’t you?”

Wyatt furrowed his eyebrows slightly. Bella glanced over at him, her look confirming that she actually wanted an answer.

“I…” Wyatt paused for a second. “I’m not your other friends,” he said simply. Bella caught his eye again, and he flicked his eyes downward. The evidence of his accident stared back at him, so he settled for looking at the gear shift.

“We’ve known each other forever,” he went on. “Not a whole lot of people have been friends their whole lives, and definitely not like you and me.” He shrugged, a natural reflex to minimize the emotion of his words, borne of being a teenager. “I guess my names for you are my way of reflecting that. Of saying that we’re not just regular, old high school friends.”

“Exactly,” Bella declared, and her tone of voice made Wyatt look up again. To his surprised, she was smiling. Well, as much as Bella ever smiled, anyway. The bemused look on his face made Bella exhale, a brief snicker.

“We’re not like other friends, doofus,” Bella said affectionately. “We’ve been friends forever and we’re going to be friends forever and you don’t have to apologize to me, especially for something that’s not your fault.”

Wyatt snorted derisively, half-shrugging. His heart warmed with Bella’s proclamation of loyalty, but the pressing feeling of wetness all around his lower half prevented him from being able to fully shake off the acute throes of mortification.

“Wy, it’s really not your fault,” Bella insisted. “Traffic’s a bitch. It could’ve happened to anyone.”

“Not you.” Wyatt’s reply was matter-of-fact, not bitter.

Bella raised an incredulous eyebrow as the light changed and they finally made the left. “Wy, you know I peed the bed until I was 10. You’ve seen me puke after practices.”

“That’s…” Wyatt sighed. “It’s not the same, and you know it.” He hated how he felt – so ashamed and out of control. “Puking after a brutal soccer practice and wetting the bed as a kid aren't even close to pissing yourself in broad daylight as a legal adult.”

“It’s just me, Wyatt,” Bella said earnestly. “I know it sucks, but I promise, I don’t care. No one is ever going to know.”

Wyatt looked up and gave Bella a sad, rueful smile. “I know you don’t care, Liberty Bell,” he assured her. “But that makes it worse.”

Bella’s face twisted in confusion. They were two minutes from home.

“You’re so put-together, LB,” Wyatt said, his voice wistful and admiring. “And I know we’re friends, but we’re like characters in a play. You’re the warrior princess, and I’m the court jester. The fool. The village idiot who can’t even-“ Wyatt cut himself off, unable to re-vocalize his accident.

Bella sighed deeply before speaking. “Wyatt, you know I’m not good with words like you are, but I’m gonna try. First, I’m not a warrior princess. I’m a high school student, just like you. I score goals and runs; you make people laugh. Why is one better or more valuable than the other?”

She looked sideways at her friend, but his gaze was fixed on the door handle.

“I know I can’t make you feel better right now, but I can’t let you honestly believe that you’re not awesome and brilliant. You’re probably my favorite person in the world, and I’m so lucky to have you in my life.”

Bella finished her speech just as she turned into the apartment complex. The car remained quiet as she maneuvered around the parking lot and pulled into her spot in front of their building. She looked over at Wyatt as she turned off the ignition.

Wyatt stared at the door for another moment before raising his eyes to meet Bella’s. “Those were some pretty good words, there, Bells,” he said, his gently teasing tone clearly grateful.

Bella smiled slightly and nodded, acknowledging Wyatt’s acknowledgement. “Want me to pull closer to your door?” Their respective apartments were close, but she didn’t want him to have to walk farther than necessary in his wet pants.

Wyatt shook his head, still abashed. “I’ll be fine,” he answered. “Want…want me to come by tomorrow to take the car in to get cleaned?”

Bella knew better than to pity her best friend. She dug in her purse and handed him her spare keys. “Just text me before you come get it, OK?”

Wyatt attempted a smile as he took Bella’s keys. “Thanks, LB,” he murmured, the words coming out meeker than he intended. He opened his mouth as if to say something else, then pressed his lips together, gave Bella a grateful look, then turned and pulled himself out of the car.

Bella let out a long exhale as she watched her best friend walk toward his apartment, slightly hunched over. Her heart ached for his awful experience, but she’d known him a long time. He’d be making her laugh again before she knew it.

*004*2017-07-23 01:27

{{On 7/16/2017 at 1:32 AM, Bellatrix1 said:

What a Awsome story

}}

Thanks, Bellatrix! I'm glad you liked it :)

{{On 7/16/2017 at 9:06 AM, Pilly Christal said:

I loved this story!

I think, I said this before, but I like your stories because of your amazing characters. They are real, they have their own stories, and you are focusing on their personality too, not only on the wetting scenes.

So all I wanted to tell you is that I'm happy to read this, and I will be waiting for the next one! :)

}}

{{On 7/17/2017 at 2:04 AM, WaityKaty said:

Great stuff! I'll second the specific commendation of your sweet characterisation. I'm always excited to see when you've written a new story. :)

}}

You're both so kind! Honestly, this one was really hard to write - not because of the topic or anything, but because I've been so busy that it took a lot more time and forced motivation to actually get done - so I'm very grateful for your comments! I have an idea for a story that's a bit longer, so hopefully I can manage to get that one committed to paper within the next few months.

*006*2017-08-10 01:45

{{On 8/2/2017 at 2:37 PM, bazinga said:

Yay, a new fic! I love male omorashi, but the best thing about your work is the fact that each character has a story and that all your work has a narrative behind them. Thanks for sharing! x

}}

Aww, thank you! I do worry about getting repetitive (how many different ways can you describe wetting?), so I try not to make my characters TOO too similar :)

