Almost but So Far

Author: Storywriter_3

*000*2016-06-25 02:06

Julia clinched her teeth. "Oh lord, please someone notice me in her!" She thought. She crossed her legs and peaked out the small door window. "I'm nearing my limit.. Oh no no no!"

. . . .

This spring day seemed like a dream for Julia. The smell of rain filled her nose and the sight of pretty purple flowers was in her view. She skipped to school in her beige school skirt, and blue long-sleeved shirt.

*At her first class*

Julia was writing an essay when the sudden urge to pee hit her. She just remembered she didn't use the bathroom that morning. She shrugged it off and continued to write and smiled.

BEEP BEEP BEEP, her school bell rang. She got up and pondered if she should take a quick trip the bathroom. But she decided no and walked to her next class

The urge grew slightly bigger during her second class. She began to feel discomfort and that wiped her smile away. She had a quiz in this class and she knew the teacher wouldn't let her go. She shaked the feeling off and continued her quiz.

BEEP BEEP BEEP, her school bell rang and she got up. Though she had to go, the bathrooms were on the other said of the school and passing time was only 5 minutes. The walk would take 4 minutes at least.

The urge was far worse in her third class and was almost crossing her legs. Luckily she sat next to the teachers desk and she leaned and whispered, "May I use the restroom?" The teacher shook is head 'No' and continued writing. She leaned back and crossed her legs.

The bell rang, but the bathroom was a far walk. "One more period until lunch," She told herself.

During the next class the urge was at desperation point. She was moving back n fourth in her seat. She sat at the very back of the class. She silently whimpered and clenched her muscles. She knew if she peed everyone would hear and turn around. She bit her lip and kept thinking "30 minutes left.. 30 minutes left" The more she thought about it she had to go worse!

She crossed her legs tight and one of her friends sitting next to her leaned in whispered, "What's wrong?" Those words made a few drops slip out. "Mmm!" She whimpered loud enough for the person infront of her to turn around. Luckily she regained control. She just shook her head no.

The bell rang. She walked very slowly and her bladder began to bulge. She knew she'd lose it the next class but the bathroom was still a far walk. She told herself to push through the pain.

The next class was like hell. She unintentionally let a few drops slip out a few times. She put her hand near her crotch and was shaking. She bit her lip hard and crossed her legs, then clinched her teeth. "Oh lord someone notice me in here!" She peeked out the small door window. She saw the hallway and the bathrooms! "I'm nearing my limit.. Oh no no no!" A tiny spirt escaped but not enough to leak through her panties. She whimpered loudly this time and tables 2 rows ahead of her turned their heads. "I'm gonna pee I'm not gonna make it!" She thought. She closed her eyes right and a few drops and a spurt escaped, barely leaking through her panties.

The bell rang. Boy, this was the fastest Julie ran in a long time. She reached the bathroom and the stalls were full! No! She doubled over and a spurt escaped, only a tiny bit leaking through. Then a few drops came. She couldn't stop them, and luckily they were only drops.

A stall was free! She ran into the bathroom and pulled her skirt. Up a big spurt escaped and leaked through. Then the drops came! She couldn't lose it now! It started to leak down her leg and she pulled down her panties. Before she even sat down the jet stream of piss hit the toilet seat, hissing, then she sat down. She made it just in time! She sighed in relief!

THE END

###

I got more coming at ya guys stay tunned ;)

