Ja'Lana in the uromancer's lair - part 2

Author: spoilerman

*000*2021-02-03 10:53

(second part of the third installment of my saga)

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/63878-jalana-return-of-the-brotherhood/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/64307-jalana-in-the-uromancers-lair-part-1/?do=embed"

Ja’Lana in the uromancer’s lair part 2

Now with 100% more uromancers and lairs

This story contains urination, tickling, water sports and actual death. not for the squeemish, you have been warned.

They reached the mountains when the sun was already setting, conferring an ominous look at the barren landscape, sparsely dotted by frozen trees twisted in terrifying poses.

«Well this looks…promising» joked Malina kicking a mound of freshly fallen snow «How exactly are we going to find this lair? Place is duller than a temple of Mara.»

«Simple we…» Haylindel confidently rose a finger only to immediately lower it «Well we could…uh…look around for…»

«You have no idea, have you?» interceded Ja'Lana

«It’s not like I have no idea…well yes, I have no idea where it is SPECIFICALLY but I have a good hunch on where it MIGHT be»

Haylindel cleared her throat

«You see, there are very few places where the Mistress could hide her lair. First of all, a mage of her status and pride would NEVER settle for a cave, not only would it be degrading but there wouldn’t be enough space to set up a laboratory and expanding a cave lair requires a lot more effort than, say, a ruined keep. So we can write the caves off immediately.»

She stopped to ponder looking at their surroundings

«Another thing we need to take into account is her need for live subjects. She must have picked a place that is both well hidden and hard to come by by accident but not SO hard to reach that she would have problems dragging her victims inside…or even baiting them in…»

«So, no caves, place hard to happen upon by mistake but easy to access if you know where to look…» summarized Malina while aiming a snowball at Ja'Lana’s ass «She also must want some sort of vantage point. A cliff perhaps?»

Ja'Lana scratched her chin

«Well but if that were the case we would spot it right awa...HEY!» the snowball hit true «You little…» she jumped on the laughing goblin trying to wrestle her into submission. Malina could have stopped her with her gloves but she was having too much fun with this.

They kept rolling around until Ja'Lana face ended up planted under a bronze-skinned foot.

«Girls?» Haylindel was looking at them raising an eyebrow «I hope our…experience of last night didn’t make you two forget that we are searching for an ancient and potentially murderous arch-uro…» her sentence was cut short by Ja'Lana’s snowball hitting her in the face

«Fine…» she continued, wiping the snow from her face «…you asked for this. Titillo…» her belly slightly bloated while minuscule sparks left her fingertips and fluttered around the two rascals.

At first nothing seemed to be happening, then they both started feeling light jolts all around them.

Each jolt made them squirm at first, as the little sparks settled around some peculiar zones of their bodies and then disappeared under their clothes.

«What was that abo…hohohoh…» Ja'Lana started rolling around «stohohohp! Please! She is SOHOHORY!»

«What wrong Ja'Lana? What is happening to yhoohohou?» Malina shortly joined her khajiit friend rolling in the snow. It was like hundreds of tiny tendrils were teasing their armpits and sides all at once and, no matter how much they tried to defend those spots, their assault wouldn’t stop.

Haylindel waited a couple more seconds then snapped her fingers, the sparks fizzled out of existence, leaving the two winded, staring at the sky, as her belly deflated.

«Please…huff…don’t do that again…huff…she really thought you would make her…PISS…herself…that would have been…huff…bad…she doesn’t like…huff…PISSSSSSSSSSING HERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSELF…»

Ja'Lana smiled as she heard water hitting the snow.

«I hate you» mumbled the elf while fixing her skirt «Let’s just get back to business, shall we? To answer your question, no, we wouldn’t necessarily spot her lair if it was a cliff as there are a number of ways to mask things with magic, even castles if needed. Still, we are surrounded by mountains, this will take ages» she let out a disgruntled groan, then her eyes sprung open as a revelation hit her.

«Let’s find someplace to make camp, I think I have an idea»

After setting up camp they started eating while Haylindel resumed her explanation

«I did some research before embarking in this mission of mine, and I remembered probably the only detail that can help us.» she pulled out a map and unfolded it in front of her two companions «While it’s true that all the victims were discovered in the woods between Morthal and Dawnstar, not alll of them are FROM Morthal and Dawnstar.» she pointed at a spot in the map «We are here and the victims were found here, here, here and here» she pointed at more spots, all north-west of their position «considering that north of those locations there are no mountains, I’d say her lair must be south of there.»

«How so?» asked Malina

«Quite simple, because of Reliable Remulus»

«The fuck is a Remulus?» Ja'Lana spat a chicken bone in the fire

«Remulus was a traveling merchant. His corpse was found among the others, right here, east of Morthal. He used to drive his little cart all the way to Whiterun to sell pelts, then he would buy mead in Whiterun and sell it in Windhelm, from there he would buy steel that he would sell in Riften for pelts, then back to Whiterun. Rinse and repeat for his entire life.»

«And this matters because…» asked Malina while picking her nails with her knife

«Well, he always did the same trades in the same order using the same route. THIS road right here» she pointed at a line on the map that connected Windhelm and Whiterun.

«Wait…» Ja'Lana leaned on the map to see better «this doesn’t make sense. That road doesn’t even come close to the forest…except…» she turned her head south «…Except when it nears that hill. But even in that case, it’s still too far away from where the corpses were found, which means…her lair is somewhere north of that hill and south of the forest? Isn’t…isn’t there an abandoned pass around that area?»

Haylindel smiled

«Precisely. She must have used the pass to reach a sheltered area on the top of the mountain. Possibly a preexisting structure, like a ruin or an old fort that she later repaired and camouflaged with illusion magic, it should be in some sort of natural alcove, even with illusion magic the falling snow would quickly pile up on it and, last time I checked, floating mounds of snow aren’t something you see that often, nor are mysterious tundra mountains that don’t have any snow on them.» she looked around, settling her gaze to a short mountain west of their camp

«The only place that matches all these conditions…is THAT mountain. It’s near the pass, overlooks the hill, has a weird cliff that creates an alcove and it offers a decent view of the forests where the corpses were found. We need to discreetly search in that area and I’m sure we will find it.»

«And how do we do that? That castle must be in such an advantageous position that she probably already spotted us, what if she teleports us into her torture chambers while we sleep?» replied Malina now perched on Haylindel’s back, the elf almost jumped for the surprise

«When…How…you were sitting there a second ago!»

«Don’t you know?» smirked the assassin «Never take your eyes away from a goblin if you care for your valuables» she gave her breasts a quick squeeze and jumped off of her.

«Ahem…anyway» Haylindel blushed while she adjusted her top, attempting to cover a nipple that slipped out «rest assured, that will never happen. It’s a common misconception that wizards can simply snap their fingers and whatever or whoever they want just poofs in front of them. Teleportation doesn’t work that way. A wizard can teleport to a known destination but can only do so themselves unless said wizard has access to something belonging to the person they want to move, knows precisely WHERE that person is and has their consent. Missing any of those things will result in a failure. As for her spotting us…possibly. But unless we do something stupid, in her eyes, we are just three people camping. She has no idea who we are, who is expecting us and if we have friends nearby, so she will probably play safe for now. The last thing she needs is giving away her location.»

«Basically this means that she has a way to either lure people in, or at least near the pass, or she can somehow move them from a distance?» asked Ja'Lana now holding Malina on her lap.

Haylindel bit her thumb

«Yes…worst of all, there are countless methods to do both those things…she could be using illusions to either scare people into entering the pass or to lure them near it…or even alteration magic to move things like vines to drag them in…or summon a daedra to do the dirty work for her…heck, she could even become invisible and bonk them on the head…this doesn’t help in the slightest, we need to know how she does it but there is simply no way for us to find out. Well, unless we get captured.» she rubbed her temples and sighed «well, we aren’t getting anything done tonight, it’s too dark and we are too far away for her to try anything without us at least noticing. However, just in case…»

She drew a circle in the air with her arms, her bladder swelled way more than when she almost fried Malina and a dim white light circled their camp «this should do it.» she added as her bladder deflated «i set up a guardian circle, it will last for the night and will both alert us and damage anyone or anything trying to get too close and that means us harm. I think we can go to be…» she was interrupted by Malina raising her hand

«Quick question, is there a way to test that seal you placed on Ja'Lana before we are in a spot where we can’t take chances?»

Haylindel yawned, clearly tired from the long day and that last spell she cast

«Uh…sure…even now if you want. You remember the words you chose for the refill effect and the massive release? Well, first say the word for the refill, then say “seal” and then try to use the massive release one. If she loses it, the seal doesn’t work. If she can’t go, then it DOES work…oh and to undo the seal you just say “unseal”. I know, nothing original but the good thing is that only you can give this commands, so even if the Mistress figures them out she won’t be able to use them.»

Malina looked at her friend and grinned, her gloves started to glow and Ja'Lana quickly jumped on her feet

«Wait! One moment!» she said taking off her pants «ok, now you can go.»

«Fill» Ja'Lana’s bladder filled up completely «Now that I think about it, can I do it more than once? Fill.» Ja'Lana’s bladder was now bulging, the khajiit shoved her hands between her legs

«Malina please, she can’t hold this much! Use the seal, USE THE SEAL!»

The goblin giggled «Fine, se…FILL!» Ja'Lana’s bladder was now so full that she collapsed on the ground and started leaking «Aaand…SEAL» the leaking stopped but Ja'Lana was now banging her fists on the ground, biting her lip.

«Please! This is too much! Just…just try the seal and let her pee!»

«You would love that, wouldn’t you?» Malina’s eyes had the same devious gaze as the day before. She started caressing the huge bladder bulge sending mixed sensations of pain and pleasure to the poor khajiit «do you feel the need to let all of this out?» she pressed on her bladder, Ja'Lana let out a moan and tried to spread her legs hoping to ease the pressure, but nothing came out «Wouldn’t you love to let this huge ocean out? Let the waters rush and splash…i bet it would feel almost orgasmic, maybe i should fi…»

«Malina, ENOUGH!» Haylindel’s voice boomed all around them, snapping the goblin out of her lustful haze «Do NOT fill her more, I specifically wrote it in the instructions: the more you fill her bladder the more exhausted she will be afterwards, we can’t afford to have her collapse tomorrow! Finish the test and free her.»

Malina huffed «Fine…I’ll try the regular command first, the one that relaxes the muscles. Release.»

Nothing happened

«Alright, this one is blocked, now…»

«This one is NOT blocked!» lamented Ja'Lana «She can feel her muscles relaxing, she can feel her body wanting relief but…she just can’t! It’s TORTURE!»

«Calm down, I’ll use the last command and I’ll free you, I promise. Ahem. PSHHH.»

Ja'Lana started shaking, she arched her back as to let it all out but nothing happened

«THIS IS EVEN WORSE! She is being squeezed like a towel but nothing comes out! HELP HER!»

Seeing Ja'Lana writhing in pain broke something inside the goblin’s heart, almost like she remembered something she had long forgotten

«Oh Crap! UNSEAL! UNSEAL!» she helped Ja'Lana opening her legs as her bladder finally started emptying

«You want some help? Here, I’ll relax your muscles, Release!»

What was at first a small uneven drip was now a steady stream that quickly turned into a small river when Malina started calmly rubbing Ja'Lana’s belly.

«Ahh…ahh…please…never again…she’ll be a good girl…don’t do that again…she…she…oooh…» Ja'Lana fell asleep in Malina’s arms, her stream still going steady.

«You overdid it» commented Haylindel, eyes twitching and legs crossed at the sight of Ja'Lana’s release «I…was clear enough in my instructions, f…filling…the bladder is dangerous…if you do it too much or too often she WILL DIE.» the seriousness of her tone was undermined by her lifting her skirt mid sentence to let out her own stream «Now…let that poor girl finish and clean her up, then go to sleep.»

It took five minutes for the unconscious Ja'Lana to finally empty her bladder, after that Malina cleaned her, dressed her and brought her on her bedroll.

Before going to sleep as well she leaned on her friend and kissed her forehead

«I’m sorry» she whispered.

The next day Ja'Lana awoke to find Malina kneeling near her with a worried look on her face

«How are you feeling? Are you ok? Can you stand? I made you breakfast, it's eggs. Do you like eggs? If you want I can…» Ja'Lana covered the goblin’s mouth with her furry index finger, trying to stop the barrage of questions that her pounding head could hardly follow

«This one is fine, she just has a terrible headache. As for last night, she accepts your apologies…and the eggs. Still…» she looked at the seal painted on her waist «she doesn’t think this thing works, she could feel everything…it was so painful…»

Haylindel sat near her, offering the khajiit a wooden cup filled with a green liquid

«Well, the seal I used can’t prevent you from feeling pain or the…stimulus…so to speak. It just plugs you up so nothing can get out. Trust me, that pain you felt was nothing compared to what would happen if the Mistress were to break it. I doubt you got your life sucked out of you before. Now drink this potion, it should help you with your headache. And you…» she turned her head towards Malina «DO. NOT. FILL. HER. MORE. THAN. ONCE. It may not seem like it but a triple fill like yesterday could result in a person spending three days in bed just to recover. You are lucky our kitty, here, is a though cookie.»

Even after drinking the potion, Ja'Lana was still a bit woozy so they spent the morning scouting the mountain side from a safe position in the nearby frozen woods, using the spyglasses Malina “borrowed” from a shop a few months ago. For most of the morning nothing out of the ordinary came up, the mountainside was dull, the hills were dull. The whole morning was dull, really.

Then it happened.

They saw a small group of people approaching the hills from a distance. They looked like soldiers but, on closer inspection, their mismatched and poorly maintained leather and hide armors identified them as common bandits.

Their leader, a middle aged redguard woman that stood out from the rest of the ragtag group thanks to her bulkier iron armor, toned physique and ebony skin, was shouting something at her men but they were too far away for the hidden trio to be able to hear her.

«She is angry.» commented Malina still looking trough her spyglass

«Yes, we can see that, dear.» added Haylindel putting hers away

«No, I mean she is PISSED at her men» the sound of running water reminded her that she just said the P word

«I’m trying to read her lips, can’t make out much but she is calling her men “lazy milk-drinkers” and she is trying to rally them with some sort of speech about…i THINK her husband being killed in this area? Maybe her brother? Either way, I think she knew one of the victims… » Malina stood quiet for a second

«Now she is speaking in a language I’m not familiar with but, going off from the hand gestures, she is either informing her men of what she will do to their assholes if they fail or she is telling them a really passionate story about that time she caught a mudcrab “this big”…wait! Something just moved! Over there!»

Malina pointed her spyglass at a wall near the pass’ entrance as Ja'Lana and Haylindel did the same.

The icicles and the snow near the pass started to shift and melt, merging into a giant puddle that slowly crawled its way to the small group of bandits, none of which noticed the shimmering mass until it was right under their feet.

And by then it was too late.

The water sprung up, swallowing the screaming bandits and their still stoic leader that tried all she could to break free. All her attempts were in vain as the water around their bodies froze, forming a block of ice floating on a bed of still liquid water that quickly dragged its prey back in the cave.

«We need to follow that puddle!» exclaimed Haylindel springing to her feet.

«Are you crazy?» shouted Malina as both her and Ja'Lana began running after her «It’s almost midday, SHE WILL SEE US!»

Haylindel raised her hands and, suddenly, disappeared.

Ja'Lana was gone too.

Then Malina noticed the small shimmer around her hands and the footprints forming in the snow beside her.

Invisibility.

«I STILL have a bad feeling about this!» she commented while approaching the pass and slowing down, however, they were too late as the cave was completely silent, no sounds of water, no muffled screams, just a thin trail of water going deep into the pass.

An icicle that sounded like Haylindel broke the eerie silence «Alright, before we go in: do NOT touch the water. ANY water. We don’t know if she can just capture things with it or if she can sense them too. Follow m… never mind»

They followed the trail of water to a seemingly impassable wall of ice, a quick inspection revealed a gap that an illusion spell made look smaller than it really was.

They crawled in, Haylindel taking the front, Ja'Lana in the middle and Malina closing the line behind them, trying to be as quiet as possible and to not touch the still present trail of water.

After a minute of crawling, the tunnel opened up in a cave revealing a large keep.

Its architectural style confirmed Haylindel’s hypothesis of it being an ancient ruin, it was completely engulfed in the ice walls and had two stone and ice paths branching from the middle tower, each leading into the ice walls and possibly into the vantage points the Mistress used to scout for victims.

Still protected by their invisibility, they followed the main path up to the outer gates, then looked for a way in. Most of the holes in the walls were patched by thick ice and the cave walls were too smooth to be climbed.

All except one.

The cave that housed the keep had several openings in its ceiling, one of which was large enough that the light coming from it had slowly carved a hole in on of the higher ice patches.

They quickly reached the wall with the faulty patch, right before their invisibility fizzled out of existence.

«Ja'Lana, I’ll need your help» Malina tied the end of a rope to her waist «throw me as high as you can. The wall becomes rougher after a few meters, if I can get past the smooth part I can climb the rest of the way up on my own and drop the rope once I secure it.»

«Sure come her...ooof» Ja'Lana had forgotten how heavy the pipsqueak actually was

«On three…huff…one…two…THREE!» the goblin flew up high and sunk her nails in the rougher ice, quickly skittering upwards and disappearing inside the hole.

After a few seconds a knotted rope was dangling in front of them.

Ja'Lana motioned Haylindel to go first as she watched their back, then followed the elf up the rope.

They found themselves in an old and forgotten attic, scattered with debris, loose planks, cracks and holes that let light seep in from below.

Malina gestured for them to follow her and she pointed at a larger crack a few meters away.

«I took a quick look around, given the dust and debris scattered around, nobody has been here for ages. We have access to a couple of rooms, then the ice blocks the passage. For now we are safe here.» she gestured all around her «Judging by what I could see from the cracks, we should be above her lab or something.» she pointed in the distance «Over there leads to a dimly lit corridor and take a look down here, I can see the bandits still on ice. It must be the room where she keeps her prey.» she whispered «Hay, what can you make of it? They don’t look good to me…»

The elf sighed

«Yup. Those people are already dead, most likely they couldn’t handle the sudden dip in temperature and…wait…where is their boss, the redguard woman?» a scream answered her question.

A scream followed by…laughter? They quietly climbed over a broken wooden beam and noticed another crack this one showed flashes of light coming from below, each flash followed by more screams, more laughter.

«This one has a bad feeling, please don’t be tickling, please don’t be tickling…PLEASE. DON’T. BE. TICKLING!»

It was.

Peeking down, the trio could clearly see the former bandit leader, completely naked and secured on a metal table covered in glowing blue runes. Each time a rune lighted up, a magic spark would erupt from the table, hitting the dark skinned bandit now on her soles, now around her sides, now her armpits. Ja'Lana recognized the familiar channels that led from the redguard’s crotch down to a large glass container

Besides the table stood a robed figure, a gray haired young breton woman that would rhythmically raise one or more of her fingers, each movement creating more shocks

«noooHAHAHAHA! NOT MY FEHEHEHET!» the bandit leader went ballistic as more sparks tickled her soles «YOHOHOHOU WHOHOHOHORE!»

«My my, so disrespectful» taunted the Mistress «I just finished telling you how all of your friends died on their way here and you LAUGH?»

She scrunched her left hand and the runes under the bandit’s feet and armpits glowed again, followed by a spark shortly after

«You biAAAAAAAAAAAAAH AHAHAHAHAHAHA! NOHOHOHO!» the woman tried to unsuccessfully insult her

«I…I won’t…I won’t give in to YOU!»

The Mistress chuckled

«Oh dear, that does NOT matter in the slightest. You don’t have a choice about this. You will die. Like all your dead friends. Who died. In that room over there.»

More sparks formed around her clitoris, the redguard’s eyes widened

«you wouldn’t daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!»

Another shock

«Stay away form thaaaaaaaah!»

Two more shocks, each one more prolonged than the others

«nooooh! Oooooh! Yeeeeeeeeess!»

The Mistress smiled

«See? You DO like hearing about your dead friends. Let it all out, dear, let it all out and die like your friends. You know…most of them peed themselves before dying, really humiliating, oh and one of them…»

As the sparks intensified, the bound woman let out a deafening moan and arched her back while tears ran down her cheeks.

«Oh my…Did you just come?» the Mistress laughed «You DID! You came while I was describing how your friends died. My, you are a nasty person indeed.

She raised her right hand and a globe of water enveloped the redguard’s midsection and gave it a tight squeeze, forcing a few drops of urine out of her body

«You see dear, I don’t NEED you to “give in”. I don’t NEED to torture you in order to get what I want…»

A tentacle protruded from the water bubble and started teasing the bound woman’s clit.

«I merely ENJOY doing it. Now…i think this has gone on long enough.»

She clenched both her fists, all the runes started glowing brighter and brighter while the water around her midsection formed dozens of tendrils around her belly and sides and the lonesome tentacle started cruelly polishing her sensitive nub.

A mixture of laughter, curses and panicked screams filled the room, Ja'Lana couldn’t believe that those sounds were coming from a human and not an agonizing monster.

Under the combined effects of the tickling sparks, the tendrils and the squeezing water bubble, a small stream started pouring down her crotch, growing ever larger with every squeeze and every shock.

Her eyes widened out while laughter started dying down, her face freezing in an unholy mixture of bliss and terror.

Then the container finally filled up and her body wilted away.

«Why tickling? Why? WHY?» Ja'Lana was murmuring to herself

«Why are the gods so cruel with her? She wants to go home, she…»

Malina hugged her, managing to calm her down a bit.

«A good haul» cackled the Mistress appraising the contents of the glass container

«Well, they DO say that redguards are a lively bunch.» she unlocked the shackles holding the former bandit leader

«Take this one away, I need to extract what I can from her friends back there. Maybe I can still save something…» the same blob of water that brought them in carried the poor woman out of the room.

The Mistress turned to follow it as the bright lights coming from floating crystals revealed her body.

According to the College’s archives the Mistress was a hundred or so years old, yet the only thing that would suggest her age would have been her white hair because her skin was perfect and devoid of wrinkles, her lips velvety and sensual, her chest ample and firm and her belly…huge and bulging.

At that sight, Ja'Lana and Malina dropped their jaws but Haylindel went completely pale.

«This was a mistake» she muttered while getting up

«A mistake. A mistake» she kept repeating silently walking to the hole in the wall they used to get in

«We need to get out. NOW!» she shouted under her breath as Malina and Ja'Lana kept staring at her.

«This one is confused. Your reaction is a bit excessive…well…she is a bit uncomfortable at the idea of killing this Mistress given her…err…condition…»

«Yeah…i’m not sure about this either» chimed in Malina «And I’m the ruthless one here. It doesn’t feel right…»

Haylindel blankly stared at them, eyes darting from one girl to the other

«What…what are you talking about? What condi… » her eyes widened with the sudden realization «oh dear…» she sat down, her back pressed against the wall, holding her head with her hands «Girls…the Mistress isn’t pregnant. She…That…that was her bladder!»

The look of surprise in their faces quickly morphed into confusion, then disgust…then terror.

Malina was the only one that managed to form a coherent sentence

«You mean that…all that…is…» Haylindel didn’t let her finish

«Yes.»

«But…shouldn’t that thing go down after the spell is done?» asked Ja'Lana sitting next to the elf

«How…WHY? What’s the point of having…THAT?»

Haylindel sighed, trying to regain composure

«Remember when I told you that uromantic rituals have high rewards and even higher risks? I wasn’t exaggerating. There are quite a lot of rituals all capable of increasing your power…the only limitation is what you are willing to put on the line.»

Malina joined the two sitting next to Ja'Lana

«The ritual I tried to perform was, admittedly, a minor one and you can see the price I had to pay for a botched result. The doesn’t mean, however, that there aren’t other rituals, with more powerful restrictions…and effects.»

Haylindel rested her head on the wall

«The Mistress must have performed THE ritual.»

«Stop beating around the bush!» huffed Malina «What did she DO?»

«She performed the hardest and most dangerous uromantic ritual: she tied her LIFE to her bladder.»

Silence fell in the room

«The ritual she performed grants her immeasurable power and immortality…wait…no, immortality is not the right word here, eternal youth. Yes. That’s the one. She…the ritual allows her to steal the magic power and the essence of her victims by transferring their…“fluids” to her.»

Ja'Lana suppressed a retch

«That’s disgusting!» added the goblin «Why would anyone do that?»

Haylindel continued her explanation

«Well, not only the user becomes more powerful the fuller their bladder is but they also gain the years of life their victims would have naturally lived. That’s how she managed to survive this long…and why she looks so young. All those people…»

«Wait, isn’t this a good thing for us?» asked Ja'Lana «If we manage to make her lose control she will become powerless, that way we can…»

«No.» Haylindel interrupted her «You would be right if we were talking about someone young or still within the threshold of a normal lifespan. The Mistress has been doing this for years and now relies completely on the life force she steals. If she were to lose control she would die instantly. Which is why she must have taken all the precautions in this world to avoid that scenario.»

Haylindel massaged her temples

«Right now she is like a lich, a semi-immortal being that relies on…its…PHYLACTERY!» her eyes lit up with hope and she sprung to her feet

«Maybe we have a chance at this! There is NO WAY she can hold that thing in with her willpower alone, not even a spell like the one I used on myself, or the seal I placed on Ja'Lana would be able to hold it back without at least constant searing pain. She must have some sort of…fetish… »

«Oh, she has a fetish, alright…» commented Malina

«I mean an OBJECT…or in this case, a container she can redirect all the pain and stress into, something that she can use as a backup if anything were to happen to her bladder.»

«WHAT exactly could happen to her bladder?» Malina looked at her confused

«Well, she may be a powerful, ageless mage but she is still mortal, even if she seals the…exit of her bladder, she is still vulnerable to attacks. Say someone hits her belly with a sword or an arrow, it’s still gonna get pierced and…well…“it” will come out of the hole. She needs a phylactery that can hold some backup power and life force, enough to hold a few liters in order to cast a mending spell and ensure she doesn’t just die on the spot…IF we could find it we would have the upper hand, we could use it as leverage or use it against her…»

«Good, that’s progress» cheered Ja'Lana «What does it look like?»

Haylindel took out a piece of parchment and drew a diamond on it. Then added four arrows that crossed its sides, all four pointing at a swirl in the middle of the seal

«I don’t know WHAT she is using but it must have this symbol painted, sewed or etched on it and can’t be too big, it’s probably a big jug or a water skin.»

Malina scratched her chin

«Why can’t it be big? Wouldn’t it make more sense to use a container as huge as possible?»

«Well…yes. But, despite what the common people think, magic has rules and limitations. These kind of seals need to be placed on both an object and on the user’s bladder and redirects whatever is affecting the big container to the smaller one»

She gestured at the drawing she made

«It’s really not that complex once you think about it, the square represents the smaller backup container and the arrows pointing at the swirl inside represent all the negative effects being redirected to it. This means that, if the Mistress’ bladder was smaller than the container used, then SHE would feel all the pain and pressure in its place.»

Malina’s ears perked up

«Wait! What would happen if we were to break off the part that has the seal and stick it on something definitely bigger than her, like a cauldron? After that we could fill it to the brim with water and she would be incapacitated by the pain and…I’m wrong aren’t I?»

«Oh you are not wrong but that wouldn’t work.» Haylindel stifled a giggle

«If you were to break the container and stick the seal to something else you would need to perform a lengthy ritual to bind the seal to it, which would also require the Mistress to be present, and I have the slight feeling that wouldn’t work out so well. That was good thinking, though, you sure you don’t want to join the college?»

Ja'Lana stood up and stretched

«Alright, we know what we are looking for, how do we proceed?»

«Well…» Haylindel bit her thumb «…we are hiding in an attic right above her laboratory…» she began pacing back and forth «…even if we are in a safe position and can move unnoticed, we don’t know the layout of the place nor the amount of security measures she has implemented… » she looked at her companions and sighed «…i’m afraid we need to risk it and just go in blind. One thing for sure is that the phylactery won’t be below us. It’s far too important to be left in a room that can potentially damage it. It’s most likely being stored in her chambers, possibly in a hidden safe. The question is: how do we look for it?»

«I have an idea.» chirped the goblin girl raising her hand «I’m small and fast, I can go down in the lab and have a quick look around and, if I find books, I’ll come to report, maybe we are lucky and the book you need is just sitting there. That way we won’t need to bother with finding leverage. If not…i can try looking in the nearby rooms.»

Haylindel begrudgingly nodded

«Fine, but before you go, seal Ja'Lana up, you never know.»

Malina obeyed then quietly climbed down into the now empty room.

The laboratory was surprisingly clean, despite its owner’s peculiar interests, beakers, potions, philters, everything was carefully cataloged and filed, unfortunately, the only book in the room was the Mistress’ journal, so Malina climbed back up to report.

«No luck, only book down there is her journal that catalogs all the victims she captured, when and where they were captured and the amount of “essence” they provided. She has been doing this for centuries, way before she joined the college, but she used to only drain one or two people every ten or so years to keep a low profile.»

Haylindel grumbled

«I don’t like this at all but we have no choice…Malina, are you SURE you are willing to explore this place?»

The goblin gleefully pinched her butt

«Don’t worry, you hired the Brotherhood and we are going to take care of this. We have a reputation to uphold, you know?» she pointed at the far end of the attic

«I’ll check that corridor out, I should be able to make my way around by climbing on the ceiling. You…well, you two stay hidden I’ll give you a shout if I’m in trouble.»

She approached the cracked floor, poked her head out and looked down both ends of the dark hallway then took off her boots, revealing her bare feet with stirrups underneath. She scrunched her toes and did a bit of stretching, then took a deep breath and dove trough the broken planks, all that Haylindel and Ja'Lana could hear now was the skittering of the tiny nails on the ceiling.

The place was deserted, sporadically lit by feeble candles that cast ample shadows for her small frame to hide in. Keeping a mental note of where the lab was she moved forward, sticking to turning right every time she found a splitting corridor.

Every now and then she would find wooden doors on either side of the hallway, most of them were open and contained ruined bedchambers, abandoned storage rooms with dilapidated furniture or simply debris.

The doors that were closed wouldn’t stay like that for long, as Malina would either pick the lock or spy from the huge keyholes. Those rooms, however, only contained food, raw materials and some of the many victims’ belongings, the last room was the icy room where the frozen bandits were stored, now with a menacing blob of water calmly sucking out every drop of essence for its mistress. She decided not to dally too much around that thing because, despite moving as quietly as she could, Malina couldn’t shake the feeling that someone had been watching her since her second right turn, yet, every time she stopped to check her surroundings, she could see nothing out of the ordinary.

She continued moving forward until was back at her starting point and moved forward without even looking in that direction so to not give away her friends’ hiding spot, just in case.

This time she chose to go left at every fork.

More empty rooms, more debris, more dead ends.

A different door, clearly newer than the rest and well maintained, she approached it and placed her ear on it but couldn’t hear anything on the other side, she tried to peek from the keyhole and was ecstatic to see a fireplace and an armchair.

That was it!

She didn’t bother to try and open the door, instead she looked around and above it and smirked at the sight of a tiny crack in the wall above the door’s frame, nicely hidden in the shadows. She quickly skittered towards it.

The hole was small for an average human but she could fit in with some effort. She was about to get down when she noticed the figure sitting on the armchair, calmly flipping the pages of an old book.

It was hard to make out any detail about it but, thankfully, a convenient plume of fire brightened the room for a split second, revealing the book’s cover “Secret Dangers of Uromantic Rituals”.

That was probably the book Haylindel needed. But the sudden flash of light revealed something else: a glass case covered in runes and containing a red water skin with a golden diamond etched on its side.

Her mission was complete, all she needed to do now was to get out of the hole, find a safe place and wait for the Mistress to fall asleep.

She gently pushed herself back…but she didn’t move an inch. She felt her plump ass being held in place by the stone around her, ironic since she was mocking Ja'Lana just a few days ago for the exact same reason.

Cursing herself under her breath she tried to shimmy her way out, trying to make as little noise as possible.

That’s when she heard them.

Giggles.

High pitched and muffled giggles coming from behind her

«Teehee… what did I tell you? She is stuck! Should we warn the Mistress?» said one tiny voice

«No, let’s have fun with her first» replied another, nearly identical voice

«She has been a good spy so far, we almost didn’t catch her sneaking around. How long do you think she will last?» asked the first one

«Let’s find out» concluded a third voice.

For a second there was only silence, then all three of the mysterious voices spoke in unison

«Coochie coochie lil’ spy…»

She felt something wet and cold race over her bare soles and she gritted her teeth.

«Tickle tickle, green soles»

She felt tiny claws scratching under her stirrups and she bit her lower lip.

«Kitchy kitchy, twinkle toes»

She felt slimy tongues go in between her toes and barely managed to stifle a giggle.

The three aggressors kept assaulting her feet, licking her soles, scratching her heels and sucking on her toes, by biting down her index finger, Malina managed to stay quiet but all the attentions on her feet were rapidly turning her on, and all she could do was wiggle her helpless toes.

«It’s not working, sisters» said the first voice «Maybe she isn’t ticklish?»

«Impossible » said the second voice «Look at how her toes are wiggling! Ana, go check what’s the problem.»

«What? Why me, Bea? I’m busy, her soles taste so good. Send Cassie, she is just standing there doing nothing!» said the first voice

«That’s not true! I’m enjoying the show and…oh FINE!» complained the third voice while something liquid and cold started sliding inside her stirrup and up her legs, deliberately tickling as much as it could while it passed. «But you will make up for this » the third voice continued her complaint «I was right about to…Oh…»

Malina’s eyes widened as the slimy puddle stopped.

At her pitifully damp crotch.

«Oh siiiisters? The skank is enjoying thiiiiis…» the puddle now known as Cassie didn’t even wait for her “sisters” to respond and converged on her aching clit and labia.

Malina never felt anything like this, it was like having her clit sucked by jelly while a malleable dildo made its way in and out her pussy, tickling every inch of her insides, all the while the other two mysterious attackers cranked the tickling up to eleven as now both her feet were being enveloped in a slimy tickly substance.

Tears streamed down her cheeks as she desperately tried to pull herself out of that mess while biting down on on of her hands to keep quiet.

Then, as she started to feel her ass getting loose, the Cassie puddle began swirling around her clit, taking her by surprise and causing a high pitched «EEP!» to escape her lips.
