Chasing Courtney

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2018-07-16 00:40

OK, I promised that my next story would involve male-male comfort, but I lied. I'm sorry This was a request from granger Danger, so I thought I'd throw something together. I do have other ideas though, so I hope to get something else out before summer ends!

###

Chase Richards flipped his head back, running his fingers through his thick, russet hair. It wasn’t so much a calculated move as a habit he’d developed after learning that his friends (peers? Cronies?) seemed to interpret the gesture in whatever way they thought best. It kept him from having to say too much. Chase wasn’t very good with words.

Luckily for Chase, he didn’t often need words. He had the height, build, and looks that gave him a golden ticket to the good graces of others. Most teachers - and certainly most of his classmates – never pressed him on much of anything. Not schoolwork, not his behavior, and not whether he really deserved the level of popularity he enjoyed as a senior in high school.

Chase didn’t think about his unearned popularity too much. At 18, he had a set of mannerisms that served him well – introspection wasn’t required. So when emotions or challenges presented themselves, he didn’t have a whole lot of practice reacting.

And Chase’s reactions tended towards nastiness.

It wasn’t that he was mean. He certainly didn’t intend to be mean. It was more that he’d never really gotten the hang of social humor or teasing, so when he tried to joke, it came out jerk. He didn’t mean it. He just…didn’t know what else to do.

Like today.

Chase really didn’t know what had gone wrong. Well, he did know, if he bothered to think about it. It was actually fairly straightforward, and it started and ended with Courtney Montell.

Courtney was a junior – only a junior, Chase tried to remind himself – but she was captivating. She was confident and articulate, and Chase was entranced. Courtney was the student council treasurer, and with Homecoming approaching, she’d been spending a lot of time working with the senior class members of the council, including Chase’s friend Marco.

Chase hadn’t thought twice about Marco. He was the student council president, so it was natural that Courtney would be around him a lot. He hadn’t thought about it much, but Chase had implicitly assumed that Courtney’s relationship with Marco was all business. Besides, Chase wasn’t one to consider the possibility that another guy could be with a girl he himself had already mentally claimed.

So really, it was just that Chase had been caught off guard after lunch when he’d turned a corner in the hallway and seen Courtney kissing Marco. Chase’s jaw slackened and his head felt fuzzy, seeing the girl he liked making out with one of his best friends.

Before Chase had time to process anything, Marco had broken off the kiss and turned down another hallway, winking at Courtney as he left. Courtney spun around, grinning to herself, and came face to face with a stunned Chase (who, it turned out, had been standing much closer to the couple than he’d realized).

Courtney blinked once before composing herself. “Can I help you?”

“If you’re gonna be kissing guys in hallways, I’ll take one.” Chase could feel the sneer creep onto his face but had no control over the curl of his lip.

Courtney didn’t even bother to roll her eyes, further irritating Chase with her lack of response. She took a step forward, but he rammed his hand against the wall in front of her, blocking her with his arm.

Still, Courtney didn’t flinch, though her heart rate sped up. No matter how much she believed that Chase was all bluster, being physically blocked by a 6’3”, 225-pound man was never going to be a comfortable situation.

“Move, Chase.”

Chase’s stomach fluttered. He knew the situation wasn’t going well, but he couldn’t stop himself.

“Why? You weren’t in any hurry a minute ago,” he said, his voice dangerously approaching a growl.

“That’s how time works, asshole,” Courtney snapped. Her eyes glittered with challenge, but she was trying to keep her voice from shaking.

Chase barely heard her. He wanted Courtney, and somehow, in his socially underdeveloped mind, he was convinced that he could still have her, if she would just…

“Come on, Court,” he rumbled, circling his other arm around her until she was backed up against the wall. “There’s no one here-“

“Stop!” Courtney shrieked, slapping Chase squarely across the cheek.

“Mr. Richards! Miss Montell!”

Mrs. Harker, the physics teacher, strode down from the other end of the hallway. “Back away from each other now!” she ordered.

Chase took two giant steps backwards, his arms dropping limply by his sides. His cheek stung, but he barely felt it through the utter daze of the past minute.

Courtney was fuming. “Mrs. Harker, he-“

“Detention for both of you,” Mrs. Harker interrupted sharply. “We have zero tolerance for physical violence at this school.”

Courtney opened her mouth to argue, but Mrs. Harker cut her off. “I’m sorry, Miss Montell,” she said, more gently. “Detention is the consequence for violence, no matter what the context.”

Mrs. Harker turned back to look at Chase. “3:15, both of you. Mr. Green will be supervising detention this afternoon in room 113. No excuses.”

Glaring once more at Chase, Courtney strode away. The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch period, and the hallway filled with students, none of whom had the slightest idea what had just happened.

Which more or less covers all of the important events that led to the current situation – Chase Richards, instead of taking out his car keys to drive home, was sullenly dawdling in front of his locker, unconsciously delaying having to face Courtney again in detention.

“Chase Richards!” Mr. Green, the new freshman English teacher and today’s detention supervisor, was the kind of first-year teacher who chose to be overly strict to counteract his youth and assert his authority over the students.

“Room 113, now!”

Chase pulled his backpack from his locker and slung it over his shoulder. “I’m just gonna-“

Mr. Green cut him off with a glare. “No, you’re not ‘just gonna’,” he said derisively. “You have detention, and you are subject to the same rules as everyone else.”

The teacher glared at Chase, not quite achieving the level of command that he wanted. “No matter what most of the other teachers here might thing,” he added sharply.

Chase’s eyebrows knit in bemusement. He knew Green was a hardass, but it was just detention, and it wasn’t like Chase was trying to get out of it – he just wanted to go to the bathroom.

Chase always went to the bathroom right after school, before going out to his car. It was just another one of his habits. It wasn’t that he had to go really bad or anything, but being denied the access made him realize just how full his bladder was.

All of these thoughts proceeded rather slowly through Chase’s head, and by the time it occurred to him to ask Mr. Green to use the restroom real quick, the teacher had already started walking down the hallway to the dedicated detention room. Chase took long strides to catch up, but by the time he did, Mr. Green had reached the door of Room 113.

Chase followed him in and opened his mouth to ask for a quick trip to the bathroom but stopped short when he saw Courtney sitting in the desk closest to the door.

Chase’s mouth snapped shut and his request died in his throat. He’d already screwed up with Courtney once today; he couldn’t bear to ask to us the restroom in front of her.

Flustered and still full, Chase put his head down and slunk to the back of the room, taking the sat in the corner farthest from the door – and farthest from Courtney.

The digital clocked flipped to 3:15 – apparently, no other students had been given detention that day.

“No phones, no electronics,” ordered Mr. Green by way of a greeting. “You will be released at 4:15, not one second earlier. You don’t have to do homework if you don’t want to, but you may not talk.”

Chase shifted in his seat. He’d never been given detention before. He supposed the rules made sense, but he really wasn’t sure he could wait for an hour, especially without his phone to distract him.

Still, he managed for the first fifteen minutes. Sitting in the back of the room definitely helped – he didn’t have to worry about Courtney looking at him, and he could squirm a little to try to keep his bladder comfortable without having to worry about being seen.

At 3:30, though, Chase heard the buzzing of a phone. To his surprise, Mr. Green picked up his phone off the desk and glanced at the screen.

“Stay here,” Mr. Green ordered needlessly. He’d apparently determined that the call was worth taking and stepped out into the hallway, closing the door behind him.

The instant the door clicked shut, Courtney whirled around, glaring at Chase. He twitched under the intensity of her gaze; he had only been looking in that direction because of Mr. Green, but now it looked like he’d been staring at Courtney.

She didn’t seem to care about Chase looking at her, though. “This is your fault,” she hissed, keeping her voice quiet but bitter.

Chase’s face went blank. He knew that his interaction with Courtney hadn’t gone well, but she seemed…really mad.

“You’re disgusting,” Courtney continued, her voice venomous. “You think you can just take whatever you want and never have any consequences.”

Chase tensed reflexively. People just didn’t yell at him like that…

“It was a joke,” he insisted dumbly, his attempt at levity coming out decidedly petulant.

Courtney scoffed. “No woman in the world thinks that shit is funny.”

Chase got a funny feeling in his stomach, beyond the fullness of his bladder. It was weird hearing a high school student refer to herself as a woman, but as soon as she said it, it made sense. She was a woman, and Chase felt like a little kid in front of her.

A little kid who had to pee.

Courtney seemed to sense his quailing. “Are we still in kindergarten, Chase?” she mocked. “You don’t know how to act around girls that you like, so you’re mean to them to get their attention?”

Chase flushed red so quickly, his face was like a buzzer on a game show, lighting up to signal Courtney’s correct answer. She felt her own skin warm in response – confronting unreciprocated affection was never enjoyable.

“Honestly, Chase –“ She was no longer snapping, but her voice still wasn’t friendly. “- it’s the 21st century. You don’t get to treat people – women - like shit and expect them to just be OK with it.”

Chase was keeping his head very deliberately down at this point, both in embarrassment and because he was trying to curl over the desk. He felt so full, he was having a hard time keeping himself from squirming. As much as he didn’t want to have this conversation with Courtney (it was more of a monologue than a conversation, anyway), he really didn’t want her looking at him when he had to pee.

Not one to skillfully manage unpleasant emotions, Chase reflexively settled into anger. “I don’t,” he grumbled.

Courtney’s eyebrows drew together, projecting more incredulity than she actually felt. “You can’t possibly have so little self-awareness,” she derided. “You really do have the social skills of a five-year-old.”

Blushing even more deeply, Chase scowled down at the desk. Being called a child twice in quick succession made his plight all the more painful. He flicked his eyes up at the clock and almost whined. There were still 40 minutes left in detention, and the combination of his full bladder and Courtney’s accusations made that 4-minute barrier seem impossibly long.

The sound of the door opening made Chase look up.

“No talking,” snapped Mr. Green before ducking back out into the hallway, phone still at his ear.

Courtney had turned forward as soon as the door opened, but she threw another glare back at Chase before returning to her homework.

Chase nearly sighed in relief. The deliberate lack of squirming over the past few minutes had heightened his need, and he had to thrust a hand between his legs to ease the desperation. He writhed and gripped for a few seconds to make himself feel better. A quick glance up at Courtney showed that she was diligently bent over her homework, paying him no mind.

Exhaling slowly, Chase released he hand. The immediacy of the last surge had abated, but his heart was still beating hard. For a second, he thought of getting up and going to the bathroom, but that idea didn’t last long. For one, Mr. Green would almost certainly yell at him as soon as he stepped in the hallway. And he didn’t want to give Courtney another reason to scorn him.

He’d just have to wait it out. Just over a half hour now, and as long as Courtney wasn’t looking at him, he could shift and wriggle freely.

For the next 15 minutes or so, Chase did just that. He even crossed his long legs, which he hated doing, but the relief was too good to pass up. Unfortunately, even that tactic didn’t help for long. Chase’s body had been well trained to use the bathroom after school and being made to wait an hour to release and entire day’s worth of urine wasn’t something he was prepared for.

Forced to physically hold himself again, Chase’s breathing became shallow. Unconsciously, he started shifting arrhythmically, twitching back and forth and kneading his dick between his legs.

“Shh!”

A sharp hiss from Courtney caught Chase off guard, and he felt a hot spurt of pee soak into his underwear. He looked up anxiously just in time to see Courtney turning back to her homework, a disgusted look on her face.

Chase bit his lip to keep from whining audibly. He was clutching himself to the point of pain, but the dampness against his skin was breaking down his already-weak defenses. He remained curled over the desktop, tensing seemingly every single muscle in his body, trying to keep himself from having an accident through brute force. He couldn’t move to look at the clock, which was probably a good thing, because the clock would’ve told him that there were still 10 minutes left.

And Chase didn’t have 10 minutes.

Chase didn’t have 10 seconds.

A painful surge rippled through Chase’s lower body, and a strong stream burst out of him, soaking right through his boxers and into his jeans. Chase grunted unwillingly, but his muscles were worn out and ill-prepared for such consistent tensing.

Futilely, Chase kept his hand between his legs, but it was all over. He was wetting himself.

Time seemed to slow down and speed up simultaneously, and Chase, if he’d been able to think or feel at all, would’ve felt like he was in a dream. The sensation of peeing into his jeans, while sitting at a desk, in a classroom, was so utterly foreign that the entire situation felt surreal to the point of unbelievability.

Chase’s chest heaved with uneven breaths. Piss pooled briefly on the desk seat under him before spilling onto the floor.

In the front of the classroom, Courtney was distracted by the unfamiliar sound. She whipped around to demand silence from Chase once again, but her face quickly melted from irritation into disbelief.

Courtney was a smart girl, but it took her several seconds to puzzle together the scene in front of her. The sound she heard was the trickling of liquid from the seat of the desk onto the tile floor. Chase’s large body was hunched over the small desk; his shoulders rose and fell with deep, shaky breaths. A puddle was growing still growing across the floor underneath him.

There was only one explanation for what she was seeing, but Courtney’s mind refused to accept the obvious. There was no way a senior in high school could be having an accident at school.

Chase still didn’t look up. For once, he was completely unaware of Courtney, even as she cautiously stood and walked toward the back of the room.

“Chase?”

Chase jerked slightly, indicating that he heard her, but he kept his head forcefully down, as if he was trying to bore a hole into his sternum with his chin.

Torn between pity and skepticism, Courtney lowered herself into the desk diagonally in front of Chase. She looked down to make her she wasn’t stepping in his puddle – it was big, but not quite spread in her direction.

She looked back up at the cowering 18-year-old. The tension had melted out of his body, signaling that his accident was finished, but now, he was slumped so severely in his desk, Courtney wondered how he stayed in the desk at all.

“Chase…” she repeated, not really knowing what she was trying to make happen.

Awkward with words under the best of circumstances, Chase was rendered completely mute. His face remained down, and a single tear dripped off his cheek onto the desk. His throat strained with the effort of holding back actual sobs.

They stayed in silence for a few minutes, Courtney unwilling to speak and Chase unable. The sound of the door opening shocked Courtney into turning around.

Mr. Green was still on the phone, but he distractedly waved into the room. “You can go.”

Courtney attempted a weak smile, but Mr. Green had already left, having not seen or not cared what had happened in the back of the classroom.

Exhaling deeply, Courtney looked back at Chase, but he hadn’t moved. She straightened her shoulders.

“Come on, Chase.”

No response.

“Mr. Green is gone. No one will see you.”

Nothing.

Courtney pressed her lips together. “Chase, come on. You can’t stay here forever.”

Chase shifted uncomfortably, but still didn’t look up.

God, thought Courtney. He really was a child, and she didn’t have a whole lot of patience for man-children.

“What’s your plan, then? Just gonna stay here until morning? Or until the janitor gets here to clean up after you?” The last comment was a bit harsh, but Courtney wasn’t here to mother the boy who’d put her in detention in the first place.

Instead of getting defensive, though, Chase raised his head slowly. His eyes were glazed with tears, and his face was completely guileless. Having an accident as a senior in high school was an objectively vulnerable situation to begin with, but Chase’s face underscored just how exposed he was.

Sighing, Courtney dropped her shoulders. Yes, Chase was a child – he was self-centered and lacked self-awareness – but he was also clueless and seemingly unable to take care of himself in tough situations. Courtney mentally cursed all of the adults who had let Chase reach the age of 18 with so few life skills.

She made a quick series of mental decisions. Chase had already dropped his gaze again, nervous and ashamed.

“Get up, Chase,” Courtney ordered. “Grab your backpack. We’re leaving.”

Chase looked up again, blinking in confusion.

“You can’t stay here, and I don’t want to,” Courtney explained (even though this wasn’t really something that should require an explanation) “Get your keys, go home, and change.”

Chase shuddered. Courtney’s words had drawn him back to reality, just enough to remind him that he was, in fact, 18 years old, and couldn’t just sit and wait for someone to take care of him like an infant. Even though he’d just peed his pants like one.

He still couldn’t bear to look at Courtney for very long, but Chase slowly unfolded himself out of the desk. His jeans hung heavy between his legs, and he paused for a second, staring reluctantly at the puddle beneath the desk.

“The janitor will clean it up,” Courtney promised, her voice softer than it had been all afternoon. “No one will know it was you.”

In the great crush of emotions from the past hour, Chase had now settled on being disgusted with himself. He scowled as he grabbed his backpack, still keeping his gaze averted from Courtney as he trudged to the front of the room. Courtney, supposing that movement was better than nothing, followed.

At the door, Chase stuck his head out in the hallway, checking to make sure no one was around to see the obvious evidence of his accident. Seeing that the coast was clear, he took a deep breath and prepared to head out to his car. Before he took a step, he hesitated.

“Thank you,” he mumbled back over his shoulder, his voice gruff and strained.

He didn’t wait for Courtney’s response. He couldn’t stand her revulsion or her pity, though he knew he deserved both. Later tonight, perhaps, he’d have time to actually think about the terrible events of the day – the hallway, detention, and actually peeing on himself in front of the girl he liked - and the truth behind Courtney’s chastisement.

But for now, he just had to get home and take a shower.

*006*2018-07-19 01:26

{{On 7/15/2018 at 8:58 PM, AliasnameTO said:

I knew I followed you for a reason. Fantastic piece of work! The vocabulary was a little elevated at times, but it gave the sense that I was reading an omo piece from someone like Steinbeck.

One minor criticism I have is that you head-hopped: maybe not a mistake so much as a stylistic choice, but I thought it was weird that you gave us intimate POV looks at both Chase and Courtney. Sticking to him would have felt more natural to me.

But other than that, male stories are rare and this one in particular is just lovely. By how unique a character Chase is here, I'd be surprised if you hadn't been working on him for a long time, perhaps to use elsewhere.

Bravo! <33

}}

Thank you! You know, I don't always agree with your critiques (defensiveness, mostly, but also personal preference), but you are right on for the voice-switching. It wasn't even a stylistic choice as much as it was laziness. I realized it as I was writing it, but was too tired to do anything about it :/ And yeah, I'm obnoxiously anti-Whitman-esque in my vocab!

{{On 7/16/2018 at 12:52 AM, Melificentfan said:

I absolutely loved that story

}}

Thank you! I'm so glad you liked it.

{{On 7/16/2018 at 4:05 AM, Batman007 said:

The is a fantastic story, pls do more

}}

Thank you so much! No more for these characters, but I have other ideas that I hope to write in a few weeks.

{{On 7/16/2018 at 2:09 PM, Pilly Christal said:

Great as always! You are my favourite omo writer, and I was so happy when i saw your new story.

Chase was special for me, because he wasn't a typical good boy, but he was absolutely someone who can be liked. And I hope that once he will find a kind, cute girlfriend who will teach him how to behave.

Thank you for writing this!

}}

Thank you so much! The characters and setup were all Lion1423's idea, so I can't take credit for them :)

{{On 7/16/2018 at 2:59 PM, Lion1423 said:

It's awesome! Even better than I could of hoped for. I like Chase's characteristics, too.

}}

Oh, I'm so glad you liked it!! I definitely felt like I was taking some liberties with your idea, so I'm happy you enjoyed the final product!

{{On 7/16/2018 at 3:16 PM, Manowar said:

Very good. What more could I add...

}}

Thank you so much!

