Pissing infront of the boss

Author: Saladdressing

*000*2020-06-07 15:19

Summary: irwin has to pee during work and rushes to get work done but ends up being called to enoch where he gets so scared that he piss himself infront of him.

Edit: sorry about the black text I’m not sure how to change it

Clothed peeing, male omorashi, humiliation, non sexual

Desc of Irwin: looks like a normal elsen, 5’7”, skinner and lanky, wears glasses, usually wears a dress shirt and tie.

This is an OFF FanFiction! Meaning you might need a bit of background of OFF the game to understand it!

It had been a long day and Irwin was about to loose it. His job was to cut up the dead bodies that came in each day, meet the quota and finish.My team because of his absence in one day, he had much more work to do that day. Double what he had, and he had to get it done by a certain time. So to his guilty conscious he couldn’t stop to relieve himself fearing he might loose his job.

The tightness pushing on the belt of his Pants caused him to squirm and shove his hands grabbing his crotch at any free time he could. He was lucky he worked alone or this would be humiliating. But having to change his gloves every so often to avoid blood soaked pants was not ideal. Irwin groaned shifting his weight and taking a second to step back. A full wave of desperation hit him as he grabbed his crotch feeling as if he’d burst right then and there.

“N-nonono stop stop hhh!” He BIt his lip and frantically grabbed the nearby seat sitting on it. The sudden shift of position caused more stress on his bladder from his belt so he frantically loosened his belt and made a sigh of relief once he was free from the belt’s embrace. He was shaking and sweating profusely. Just as the thought he was safe, another strong wave of desperation hit him. His bladder spasmed and he felt something spurt and bead agaisnt his clothed cock. He shoved his hands down again and closed his eyes tightly.

‘I’m not gonna make it’ he thought frantically. He looked around his his room for anything he could use. The furnace, some meat hooks, his knife table there wasnt much. But his eyes locked into the disposal bucket. He hitched his breath and Gulped down shuffling to the bloody bucket and squirming as he tried to unbutton his pants.

Before he could though, the door of his room flung open. He let out a slight scream and buttoned Up his pants again turning to whoever it was. To his bad luck, it was one of his boss’s advisers. Irwin stood there as still as he could As the adviser spoke.

“Mr. Ghett, you are wanted by enoch for work inspection. He wants you in his office immediately”

‘Great just my luck.’ Irwin thought and he Faked a strained grin “I’ll be right there!”

Irwin was planning to Make a quick stop on the bathroom on his way, but the adviser insisted that he led Irwin To Enoch’s office. Irwin followed behind him trying his hardest not to grab his crotch at any Given moment, but he could feel the piss he Built up against the tip of his cock just bounding to get out. While walking he shoved his hands into his pocket and used the loose inside pockets and grab the tip of his cock and squeeze for relief but it barely did anything.

Irwin finally spoke up “e-excuse me, first c-can I-“

The adviser cut him off “enoch is on a tight schedule and cant afford you making another late Meeting”

Irwin’s mouth stayed a bit open and he closed his mouth nodding, he realized he had no way out of this.

The time came here Irwin was right infront of enoch. Just him and his, giant, intimidating boss looking down at him from his giant desk. Irwin kept his hands in his pockets and once he read enoch’s expression he took them out of his pockets and wiped the sweat, Atleast he hoped it was, off on the sides of his pants.

“S-so what is this about?” He spoke wanting to get this over with already. He could feel more piss drip down the slit of his dick and soak into his boxers but he could do nothing to stop it but clench his muscles with all his might. He was starting to look Painfully strained.

“What do you think this is about?!” Enoch spoke in a booming voice that caused Irwin to stand straight. “You’ve missed work for the last few days, causing a back load of bodies needing to be Cremated and sugar to be less prominent than it was! What do you have to say for yourself? I want to hear your futile excuse.”

‘I need to pee.’ He thought. Praying internally that he wouldn’t loose it infront of his ow boss. He tried to think up an answer shifting his weight on both feet. “I- I’m sorry sir, I had to help with o-other.. stuff” he winced a bit feeling another small spurt come out of him

“OTHEr STUFF!? IS THAT YOUR EXCUSE!? WHAT COULD BE MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOUR WORK HERE?!” Enoch voice boomed which frightened Irwin. So much so he felt his body give out and piss started to escape from him. His breath hitched as he felt the warm liquid fill his black jeans and the hissing sound echoed through the room. He whispered “nonononono! Oh god oh please not here!!” As his shoved his hands down against his soaking crotch and pressed his thighs together “I- I’m sorry sir I’m sorry!!!”

Enoch’s expression suddenly turned less angry and he Squinted his eyes a bit. He reached out and grabbed Irwin by the back of his shirt raising him up closer to his face. Irwin, horribly embarrassed was starting to cry and still frantically trying to stop the imminent stream coming from his crotch, but any form of squeezing his muscles again only caused him pain.

Once enoch realized what happened he was slightly shocked and gently placed Irwin onto his desk.

Irwin crashed onto his knees soaking a more, unable to stop he gave up letting the hours of Built up piss escape from him. One hand still cupped his crotch getting completely soaked while the other wiped he tears off his face. He hung his head down and made a salute with his hand to enoch “I-I’m sorry sir I can’t stop it I-I’m sorry I’m sorry..”

When the last few drops of piss finally escaped from his bladder Irwin was still sobbing horribly humiliated. Enoch had his gaze turned away letting Irwin finish his business and when he realized he was done he finally spoke out again.

“I expect all work to be done. Don’t disappoint me again.” He went through his desk and took out a large cloth, At least to Irwin, and he wrapped it around Irwin “and go get yourself changed.”

Irwin sniffled and nodded as he was gently scooped up and placed at the door.

Irwin ran out of his office with his makeshift blanket wrapped around him to reach his apartment Room.

*001*2020-06-07 16:22

Skinny* not skinner

*004*2020-06-20 03:44

I sadly cannot message a mod yet because of restrictions, but once I can I will ask for the black text to be changed to white! @Shadowdevil

@Alex62

*005*2020-06-25 01:53

@Alex62

@Shadowdevil

Good news it’s been fixed!

