Miles to Go

Author: Storywriter_3

*000*2016-06-25 01:38

DIIINNNGG! The school bell went. Rose finished her 3rd bottle of water during the whole 1 hour lunch period. "Should I go to the bathroom?" Rose asked her best friend, Farah. Farrah had just finished chugging her 2nd bottle of water and threw it in the bathroom. "Nah, you'll be okay." Farah said and walked to her locker.

*Fast foward to the end of the day*

Rose felt her bladder filling up. "I should've went to the bathroom..." She said in her mind. She knew Mrs. Trash -- Er, Mrs. Thratchs wouldn't let her go while she's 'teaching'. After 10 minutes, Rose was near desperation. It wasn't at the point of crossing her legs but she was tensing up. "Now," the teacher said, "any questions before the bell rings?" Finally.. She could soon feel relief.

DIIIIINNNGG, the school bell went. Rose sprinted to the bathrooms but they were closed. "Damn," she cursed in her head. She caught up with Farah. "You have to go too?" She asked. Rose nodded. Even though she drank more than her, Farah was far beyond the desperation point.

"I really have to go," Farah whimpered quietly, "I don't even know if I can hold it for the walk home, can I come to your home?" Rose responded, "Yeah of course!"

*Fast Foward to the walk home*

@@Rose was definitely at the desperation point and began to have a bladder bulge. Farah began to regain control but was still pretty desperate. They couldn't go anywhere because there were cars and kids walking to homes and buildings. "I have to go really bad..." Rose whispered to her mate. Farah, hearing those words, began to lose control and became far beyond her point and desperation. "We have to go in a building, I'm gonna pee!" She said slightly loud. Rose nodded. She looked around for buildings but they were all closed and all the bathrooms were full or closed. "I don't think I can hold it much longer." Farah said and began walker quicker. Her bladder bulge began to show and it looked swollen and painful. Rose was beginning to have a bigger bulge and slowed her walking. "I'm gonna lose it if I walk any faster!" She shouted. She whimpered, and took baby steps. It was like a faucet slowly turning. She stopped walking and held her crotch. A tiny spurt escaped and she clenched her muscles and winced. "I can't hold it any longer.." She said. Farah, just as desperate, said "Come just a few more blocks!" Those words encouraged her,

She regained control. Farah however, began to slow her walking, and almost doubled over at one point. Her bulge looked like she was gonna explode. "It's right there Farah!" Rose shouted. Farah nodded and got herself together.

They were nearly barely walking when they approached the front of the house. "I'm gonna lose it!" Rose shouted and bit her lip. A small spurt escaped and she put her hand in between her thighs. She threw Farah the keys she took a while to find the right one. "Oh god oh god." Farah said nearing her limit. She finally found the right one and the nearly busted through the door. Rose ran to the bathroom door, Farah behind her. "ME FIRST!" She said almost pushing her, that made Roses bladder push out another spurt and it began to leak through her panties. "No Me!" Rose shouted and pushed Farah. "No no noooo!" Her bladder couldn't take it any longer. A spurt escaped and it showed through her pants, but she had control again. Rose ran in.. But the toilet was clogged. A spurt escaped leaking through her panties and was very noticibal. "I'm gonna pee!" She yelled.

With Farahs quick thinking her slowly wobbled up the stairs and looked through a closet for a towel. A spurt escaped and this time it was hard to stop. "oh no no noooOOO!" Farah laid down a towel and quickly pulled down her pants. The flow began to go out harder and she didn't have to time to take her underwear off. It hissed and she just squated. It was painful to release at first. Rose saw it all, and couldn't hold it in any longer. A big spurt escaped and went through her jeans like a rocket. She wobbled to the closet and grabbed a towel and quickly pulled her panties off. She still had to lay the towel down but couldn't stop the flow

She let it flow on the wooden floor and whimpered. "Ugh..." Her face grew red.

"I'm so sorry Rose..." Farah apologized. "It's alright!" She responded and smiled. Rose still was peeing. Finally, she finished.

The next day it was awkward for these girls but they were somewhat closer than ever.

THE END

