Soaring Tyranny

Author: ShadowPhantom

*000*2020-05-26 10:31

Description: This story will be divided into chapters in the form of 'days' in the story. I will post new chapters as I finish editing them, and also as people give me feedback on the previous ones. This story was made for a writing challenge in which the prompt was as follows:

'Make a story set in a fictional country where people are allowed to pee wherever they want.'

I hope you enjoy! Be sure to leave a comment and include your thoughts

Wednesday, June 26th, 2029

It had been a week since the Section 15 laws were repealed, outlawing once more the freedom of public and private urination at one’s desires. The half-shocked populace was growing restless and furious simultaneously, but fearful of the new rule. Everyone was awaiting the next move of oppression from the rebels, and in such a state, daily life was interrupted. The economy was plummeting, and normality skewed farther and farther away from an unscathed recovery. It was true that if gathered together, the population was a much stronger force than the group of tyrants, but at least some would die, and that was enough to prevent the provocation.

Silence temporarily settled over the meeting table, with the only remaining sounds being the fidgeting of hands and movement of drinks across the wooden surface. Amy, dressed in her usual military attire, save her aviators, took a sip of water to aid her pondering. Sophie, her closest ally and friend, sat beside her in a similar predicament. It was an idea drought caused by the heat of the unusually complicated situation, or perhaps the heat of the room. Humidity managed to creep in through some gap in the walls despite the overexerting labor of the air conditioner.

Amy had 10 followers, excluding herself and Sophie, who thought she was the one to overthrow the new rule. Some knew Amy for her military experience and her assertive perseverance, while others were complete strangers who were reaching for hope in the darkness. No matter who it was, Amy was set on a mission to ensure that their hopes would be fulfilled. She would lead them back to life the way it was one week ago, when the old government remained in power. She was sure of it, at least the day before, but now that the 12 of them sat together in one room, with not a spark of an idea, her certainly began to waver.

“The people can’t take this for much longer, we need to act,” she announced calmly, stating the obvious for the sole purpose of breaking the unbearably demoralizing silence.

Sophie unleashed a prolonged sigh, as if surrendering right then and there, and lowered her hands from her head onto the table. Just as she did that, her blonde hair closed like a curtain over her eyes forcing her to return to her previous pose.

“Act, but how? We are 12 in number with few valuable connections which could significantly help us. What is true is that the people can’t take this for long. I believe that is our key. We need to start recruiting in large numbers. People will initially be afraid, but eventually they will reach their limit and join. It’s the only way. If we build an army, we can march straight into the palace and take over. From there we will work on restoration.”

Amy nodded lightly to indicate her agreement but proceeded to consult her thoughts further. The plan was good – that she agreed on – but a good method for mass recruitment was slipping her mind.

In the meantime, Sophie’s proposal gave birth to a low level of chatter over the table, all of which seemed to speak of agreement. That was good. At least no conflict existed within the group. Amy however, sat increasingly infuriated at the forgetful nature of her mind. Something just inches out of reach of her memory was the solution to their problem; she was sure of it.

“What do you think Amy?” Sophie asked, a little perturbed at Amy’s contrasting expression compared to the group.

“Yes! I got it, finally. God damn memory is a pain in the ass to work with,” she exclaimed, sending Sophie back into her chair from her leaned in position.

“I know a guy named Jim. He runs the city’s most well-known printing press company. He can help us spread the news. We need to turn our little conspiracy into an open organization. It will be much harder to shut us down once we start growing,” Amy explained, beaming with delight.

“Then we go!” replied one of their group members, standing up with bursting readiness.

The group slowly rose from their chairs one by one and shifted to the doorway. Amy was to lead the way in her van while another one their group members would follow in the second vehicle. The 12 of them cramped into the 2 cars, with just enough space to seat all of them, and they were off.

Sophie sat beside Amy in the front seat, being the last to enter after closing the front door to the house. Once everyone was settled, Amy pulled away from the curb and maneuvered out of the driveway.

The trip remained relatively silent for such a packed car. Amy kept her speed under the limit to ensure her pursuer could keep up, and obviously to ensure that the common laws don’t impede on their plans.

As they were stopped at a light, Amy scanned the flowing river of rushing citizens, reading tension in their demeanor. It was rush hour, so everyone was mindlessly navigating to their place of work, having no choice but to continue the cycle of the modern world against their wishes and discomforts. Amy didn’t notice a single person peeing. It was appalling to see how rapidly the changes settled in. Before she would see at least 10 people relieving themselves on their way to work but now, not a soul. Fear was veiling over the country, instilled in every denizen, save a few who didn’t show their courage. Amy was one of those few, and so were the 11 others distributed across their 2 cars. She had to believe there were more.

They pulled over near a polished store front which sat sandwiched by 2 shabby graffiti-ridden delis. Amy still wondered why Jim decided on that location for his business. It was far from the best and could barely be called decent. Still, he managed to keep the vandalism off his walls.

“I’ll go alone,” Amy stated solemnly as Sophie was about to exit, sending her back into her seat. As Amy exited the car alone, Sophie leaned out the window and motioned to the car behind them that they should wait.

Amy marched confidently towards the facility, weaving through the rapid crowds. Upon crossing the river of people and reaching the store front, Amy swung the heavy glass door open. Immediately she was greeted by a cold front of air which washed over her sweating forehead, providing for some smile inducing relief, but Amy kept a grave countenance.

She spotted Jim in the back having a business conversation with who Amy assumed were his clients. Upon noticing her he grew dismayed and interrupted his sentence, gesturing for her to give him a moment. The clients were also disturbed but smiled to hide their inner frustration. Amy did the same.

“Okay, we will talk tomorrow then,” Jim finished after another 3-minute blabber about some contract.

“Amy? It’s a pleasure to see you! It’s been so long,” he whispered with wistful surprise as the 2 clients walked out of the store.

“A pleasure indeed,” Amy replied with a tinge of sarcasm.

Jim was her first relationship originating all the way back in college. It never worked and ended before it even got anywhere. The breakup wasn’t the most pleasant of outcomes and Amy still recalls it vividly now and then. Although they continued as friends, their interaction dwindled with time. Now however, she needed him more than ever.

“We need you to help us print something. A flier. If you can also, those 2 people that you were just speaking with, convince them to include a word of ours in one of their news sections in exchange for a lower price for whatever service you are offering them. This is really urgent,” she explained with momentous insistence.

Jim fumbled with his hands and stuttered fumingly before blurting his displeased opinion, “All these years we haven’t talked just so you can come back and use me? Why the hell would I lose good profit with my clients to suit your needs. I don’t even know you!” His voice by the end was more than a whisper and even Sophie from the car could read anger into his wild gesticulation.

“Fine. Remain blind to the state of the world and keep your pennies,” she struck back with indignance.

“I built this business from the ground up—” He began to craft some excuse, but Amy cut his sentence short before he could finish.

“You built this business on top of your dad’s success. That I know. I still remember some of the things you told me during our short-lived relationship”

Jim heated the cold air with an irritated sigh, “And here it is again, the very reason our relationship didn’t last.”

Amy’s composure snapped and she almost swung her hand across his face, but instead restrained herself and only threatened him with the start of a striking motion. “You’ll hear of me again I’m sure, when I’ll be caught for conspiracy against the government, attempting to fix the current situation without your help,” she growled, hoping to impress some guilt upon him.

Before Jim could process another thought, Amy was halfway to the door, wishing desperately that he would call her back and accept her offer. She allowed her emotions to reach her and perhaps squandered their only chance at achieving their goal

But fortunately, just as she placed her hand on the door handle, she heard Jim’s voice from behind.

“Fine. I’ll help.” It was a shaky response, one with uncertainty and confusion, and a sprinkle of anger amidst the many other emotions, but he accepted, and that was all that mattered.

Amy glanced apologetically over her shoulder and lingered there for a moment, maintaining eye contact with Jim, reading his intentions, until the moment permitted her to approach.

Sophie’s alarmed glare was solaced by the unexpected sight. She was sure that Amy’s escalation of the situation would cost them their opportunity, but sometimes the odds prevail in times of need.

“I’ll help,” Jim repeated in a hushed almost melancholy whisper.

Amy placed her hand reassuringly on his shoulder, lifting her hanging gaze back up into his eyes. His previous look was all but transformed into something of optimistic promise.

“We need to do this. They had over 2 thousand people arrested already for public urination and the number grows rapidly. People want to resist, but alone they will only end up in a cell.” She hoped to induce tears in herself, or at least a resembling expression, to secure her work of persuasion, but her tone of voice seemed enough.

Jim nodded, but his attention lay in admiration of her green eyes, disclosing his true ambition to her. She didn’t know he still loved her until right then, and it slightly surprised her, but she was confused at her own lack of concern for the realization. Perhaps her dedication to the movement meant so much to her, or maybe she still had a place in her heart for him, although her hope remained for the former. She knew if they returned to the past, history would repeat itself.

“What’s the flier?” he finally asked after having sipped on the lingering romance to his satisfaction.

“We need to design it, but it’s not anything serious. We need people to gather at the city park tomorrow evening if they are against the oppressive rule,” she explained.

The park idea surfaced mid-sentence but after running through it carefully another time, it seemed to be a reasonable risk. They needed to demonstrate their open attitude and courage against the rule of the Soaring Justice. It was an ironic name. Their mission spoke nothing of justice – only cruelty.

“I can make something quickly, come.” He took her hand and led her past the front desk into a dim backroom with rows of computers. It looked so gloomy and unpolished where the passing citizens couldn’t see. It turned out that the front of the store was a mere façade hiding the mess behind it. Amy only prayed that Jim’s offer wasn’t the same kind of pretense.

As they completely vanished from sight, Amy could feel Jim’s thumb stroking her skin as he held her hand gently and led her into the empty compartment of the building. Her instincts enjoined her to react and pull away from his hold, but something kept her from acting on them. As Jim released his sweaty hand from her and went to shut the door, Amy’s apprehension elevated into outright panic. Her increasing involuntary tremble betrayed her terror but luckily, she managed to bring herself to a calm stillness before he could turn in her direction. She hoped he was just closing the door for the sake of quiet, but something told her otherwise; something told her he intended to do something horrible with her.

She tried to add a smile on top of her disgust but decided not to force it as it would be quite obvious. Her military training finally came to the rescue and took control of her body in the dire situation. Jim approached her slowly and seductively, and she allowed him. The time to strike was going to arrive, but that wasn’t it. She needed to wait for the right moment and play the role for now. She watched him as he got closer, but then suddenly, to her confusion, he stopped halfway before reaching her and stood there, looking right into her soul, boring a hole with his menacing glare.

“I bet you thought I was going to rape you or something,” he commented after breaking character into a hysterical knee-bending laugh.

“I’m married. I’m not that crazy. C’mon!” he added, hoping to bring Amy to reality from her perplexed state. She remained planted in place, not letting her caution leave her. The prank wasn’t funny to her in the least, and she wasn’t entirely sure whether he was joking or not.

She jumped back with intention of hostility as he marched in her direction, sending him into a stop.

“Listen. To be fair, you threatened to deck me across the face. 1-1, its even now.” he added. before settling at one of the computers farther from Amy.

Words floated at the tip of her tongue, but Amy couldn’t fathom a response. She dismissed the incident without further intensification, shaking her head at her own thoughts before moving behind Jim to watch his actions. He got into the computer and opened an image editing app called ‘Abode Shop-a-photo’.

“You know, you had me frightened. I was ready to kill you,” she admitted in anger, unsure whether to regret saying it.

“It would have been a crime for a crime then,” he replied with a chuckle, not turning his head from the screen.

She watched as the blank canvas gradually transformed into an attractive flier, with just the right balance between beauty and information. The colors blended together so well as if it was meant for eyes to look upon it. It was a product of 10 minutes, and at the same time, a product worth ten times that amount in money. After clicking through a sequence of complicated menus, the printing machine was sent to work as evident by the loud sound emanating from the other room.

“I can’t promise that my clients will publish something for your cause, but I will give it my best attempt to persuade them,” he assured, before rising from the chair into a stretch, and walking to the exit. When he noticed Amy tarrying, he motioned for her to follow. She shuddered at the sight of the door. Something about its appearance reminded her of the near-rape experience just moments ago.

They walked out asynchronously and found their way to another room full of audible grinding and humming of the toiling printer. The area looked much tidier compared to the computer room. The floor wasn’t covered in various stains, and neither were the walls. It occurred to Amy that those other stains were probably from pee, although she found it unusual that their location of choice was in the proximity of expensive equipment.

The printer was certainly enjoying a comfortable home. The light was bright and covered the entire room. The floors were recently washed since she was able to find her reflection in the few remaining puddles still undried. It’s as if two completely opposite people shared the property; the hypothesis seemed viable.

“How many should we print?” He realized it would be wise to ask her that question after noticing the increasing size of the flier stack forming at the exit of the machine.

“Let’s do 70,” she replied quickly with the first reasonable number that came to mind.

Jim acknowledged her response with a silent nod before moving his hands over the ‘off’ switch. As the count hit the magic number, he pulled down his arm and the printer grumbled to a stop.

“They’re all yours,” he waved his hand towards the stack of papers. “Send me an email containing what you said you wanted to get into the news.”

She thanked him earnestly before grabbing the surprisingly heavy load and leaving the building. Her thoughts were racing after the strange encounter, but the goal was accomplished. Sophie’s eyes were wide with bewilderment and excitement, and perhaps some relief at Amy’s safe return.

“Here, these are yours to hold.” Amy tossed the stack through the open car window into Sophie’s outreached hands and walked around to the driver’s seat. The noise inside the van elevated to an appropriate level in her absence, but was quickly hushed by Amy’s entrance.

“We got the fliers. Now we need to post them up. I think that a good place to put them would be right before a traffic light, this way people would have time to read it while they are waiting to cross. We should also space them about every 5 blocks. We don’t have too many and I’d like to cover the entire city.”

“Are you sure this will work?” someone asked from the back seat. Doubt was clearly sprouting, and Amy couldn’t deny she was amongst the victims, but reassurance was key. Their collective morale could not be allowed to wane.

“We play the right cards, and everything will go smoothly,” Amy replied, channeling her assertiveness into her voice.

The group ended up dividing between 2 major sections of the city and each person was assigned a range of blocks where they should post the posters. It took the rest of the day to distribute everything and there was no time to reassemble after the sun had gone down. They called it a night – a successful one – but the work was far from over. The next day would be the deciding moment on whether they would move forth with their plan or remain stuck in their current position.

*003*2020-05-27 03:06

Thursday, June 27th, 2029

The park was dense with attenders even before Amy’s arrival, and confidence soared above the clouds. Sophie was teeming with pride.

“I can’t believe how many showed up! The 12 of us, we almost gathered the whole city!” Sophie beamed.

“Curiosity certainly aroused their interests but who says they’ll join our ranks,” Amy pointed out, ensuring their cockiness doesn’t steal from their reasoning.

Both vans pulled into the parking spaces and disembarked into the parking lot. The sun’s rays pierced into Amy’s eyes even through her tinted aviators, and the heat brought drops of sweat onto her skin. It was a good day for a pool – not a revolutionary speech – but there was little choice. Perhaps once they’ve achieved their ambitions, that could be a reward.

Amy deployed her loudspeaker and positioned it close to her mouth.

“People of Ardenburg!” she began, attracting all eyes to her tall muscular figure, and inviting silence over the lush green meadow of the park. Sophie on the other hand, forgot about her stage fright and attempted to disappear into thin air, but found nothing but embarrassment in her sheepishness.

“We have come a long way to a free and fair society,” Amy continued, allowing a fair interval between her statements to give the people time for thought.

“And now suddenly, we find that freedom seized from us by a group of right-wing tyrants who call themselves…. the Soaring Justice.” She made sure to weave disgust into her speech as she spoke the name of their common enemy. Cheers rose across the crowd and Amy knew her speech was gaining favor.

“But we tend to forget while busy with daily life, that we are many!” Amy was beginning to turn the conversation to the desired topic: recruitment.

“We are many, and we are much stronger than them!” she exclaimed, finishing her conversation as cheers drowned her last word. The crowd was with them, and much more than Amy had thought, but she had to tread carefully. So much as a wrong word could damage the size of their soon-to-be army.

“We will be marching to attack within the month, and we want you all to join us, whoever can. There is plenty to do that I alone cannot accomplish, but together, we can achieve anything! You hear that Soaring justice? We are coming!!”

By the time all was said, Amy and her 11-person troop dominated the center of the meadow. People began to enclose the gap between them forming crooked lines all around to join the cause. Sophie and Amy exchanged elated smiles full of pride for each other and everyone else who helped them reach that point.

Within the hour, 12 people became 212, and more were flowing in. Only the sun called an end to their affairs when it went to sleep, allowing the queen of the night to rule the stars and moon of the night sky. Darkness draped the landscape and the dense crowds turned to sparse stragglers. Amy rejoiced at the count of their followers which by the end of the day rose to a grand total of 453 people. They collectively shared the thought of a hug and formed a circular group embrace. Never had Amy felt so happy to hold Sophie so close. Now she truly realized that she had a friend worth dying for, because she knew from the past 2 days that Sophie would die for her. It was clear there was much to be happy about, much to rethink and reimagine, and much to plan. The only difference now was that they had hundreds of minds at their service to come up with a solution.

Amy had always wanted to be a General of the Army but realized throughout college that she didn’t want to go into the military; instead she just wanted to have the skills of a soldier. Nonetheless, her former wish was granted. She was going to command hundreds of people, who relied on her confidence, into an unpredictable battle.

Just before the exultant group was about to dissipate, Amy heard an unusually familiar sound in the darkness – something she hasn’t heard for a while. It was the pleasant sound of relief as a stream of liquid hit the soil. Sophie let out a soft giggle and Amy knew exactly what was happening. Darkness was in her favor though, concealing what was now considered to be a crime.

*004*2020-05-27 03:30

Friday, June 28th, 2029

“Are the mercenaries purchased? I want assurance that if the military doesn’t come to our aid, we have backup. The amount of people that gathered in the park yesterday concerns me. If they are displaying their treachery so openly there must be something they know that I don’t.” The man with black hair paced around the meeting table as though it was a lazy man’s running track.

“Lord Yanis, they are all peasants. What could they possibly do to you? I mean, all you did was take away their candy. They will cry for a bit, but eventually they will shut up once they realize that they need to eat, and that they’d rather live in the open than rot in a cell,” another man replied from his chair, relaxed in contradiction to Yanis’ display of stress.

“I want guards 24/7 on the doors. Have them take advantageous positions such that if a night attack occurs, 1 of our men will cost 5 of theirs. I am not sleeping another night without my gun,” he ordered, sending his languid advisor on a trip across the palace.

“You get a population fat and lazy and then it’s impossible to bring them back to reality,” he muttered to himself, before spitting his final anger, “and pissing themselves wherever they please.”

He stormed out of the meeting room into the expansive hall, where the walls were lined with polished marble and the ceiling was adorned with a brilliant mural painted by an artist of the 19th century which depicted a religious rite. Yanis did not see its beauty though, and only looked at it to satisfy his favor of the past – the past where society was unfair, and inequality dominated over justice.

He ran his hand across the cool smooth surface of the wall as he consciously planned his steps as though dancing forward. He had nothing to occupy himself with until the guards were set so he took all his time to travel the hall in contemplation.

In the meantime, Amy was busying herself with intricate planning in the solacing isolation of her home. She had created a private channel to communicate with all their new recruits and announced a meeting with everyone later that evening in the basement of the public library. It was a good choice. The librarians were all part of their ranks now, save one or two, and the basement was a large auditorium able to house thousands of people for presentations.

2 hours remained until she had to be on the spot, proposing her new plans and getting everyone’s suggestions in an organized manner. She knew how to brute force and fight, but structured arrangement was new to her. Still, despite her self-doubt, she devised a presentation which evoked pride in even the most pessimistic corners of her mind.

She looked over everything 3 times and ran the simulations through her brain, and then, with confidence, jumped from her chair and yanked the data drive from its socket. The library was within fair walking distance of her house, so she decided to take the stroll instead of driving. She needed the final opportunity of peace before her demonstration to think on everything once more, and then clear her mind of everything.

Unfortunately, her objective was spoiled when a stranger, presumably heading in the same direction, merged paths with her. She had no choice but to put her train of thought aside and direct her attention to the new company.

“Hey! I’m Ben, and you are Amy?” He jumped into conversation so jovially that Amy almost couldn’t help a laugh, and his excessive gesticulation didn’t help the cause.

“I am Amy indeed. A pleasure to meet you Ben,” she replied much more formally, reaching out for a handshake.

“Damn, so serious huh? Well I guess it is revolution, right? Then again, if I’m gonna die, I better be happy before then!”

“If only I had your energy,” she laughed before elaborating with an excuse, “I’m busy growing anxious over uncertain plans…”

“Well actually, I didn’t join you just for the fun of. I have a proposal which I’m sure would help you very much,” and with that he had her interest piqued.

What Amy didn’t expect was the agonizing silence that followed, and eventually it provoked a response, “Yes? What is this proposal?”

Still no response. She looked over at him. He was staring at an angle to the ground, smiling mysteriously like the Mona Lisa, clearly in a daze of thought. She took the time to admire his attractive features: his blue eyes, his gleaming combed black hair, his smooth skin sprinkled with a young beard, still emerging…

“Oh yeah sorry, um, alright,” he laughed at his own awkwardness, forgetting that he half-intentionally left her lingering on a cliff-hanger.

“I am actually, believe it or not, an international gun’s dealer.” He awaited some form of reaction from Amy, and he sure got one – an appearance of genuine astonishment was captured in her look.

“A gun’s dealer?” she repeated with a laugh, attempting to confirm what she just heard.

“Yes um, yes I am a gun’s dealer. I ship them into the country and sell them to various organizations who either sell them or use them. Clients vary.” He spoke rapidly, as though his excitement rushed him to get the idea out.

“Well anyway,” he resumed not giving Amy a gap to reply, “I just got a shipment across the border right before the whole government takeover thingie, and the Soaring Justice know nothing of it. There are literally thousands of fully automatic rifles and light machine guns ready for use gathering dust in a nearby storage unit. I’d be willing to lend rifles to all our fighters at no cost to support the cause”

Amy stared at him in admiration. “You are the embodiment of what I hoped this movement would become. It’s people like you that bring it to life. I cannot thank you enough,” she grabbed for his name but it slipped her mind, so he finished her sentence, “Ben.”

“Ben,” she repeated, and ensured to never forget it again.

They reached the library with everyone else. Cars were parked in triple rows blocking the streets, but this day was an exception to such trivial laws. Amy made her way through the maze of the library shelves and into the stairway which led underground. Conversations echoed loudly in the acoustic chamber, so Amy almost didn’t hear it when Ben called her name from behind. He had to run to the restroom, which now held a line of 50 or more people.

They rejoined and went downstairs together. Sophie was already standing on the stage helping to move furniture around for the best arrangement to their presentation. Another man from their original group was fumbling with a laptop trying to get the large screen to display, flashing various colors onto it in the process turning the room into a temporary disco.

“Hey Sophie, this is Ben. I met him on the way here,” Amy introduced as the two of them climbed onto the stage.

Sophie nodded subtly to Amy, intimating approval. Amy replied with a hint of a smile. Ben had noticed their silent communications and chimed in with his own audible contribution.

“Yeah so, I’m Ben, and you are… Amy’s friend. I offered a ton of guns to Amy, so we are best friends now. You see how quick it is to make friends? Just offer up some firearms and you’re all set”

“I’m Sophie,” she returned, giggling quietly with surprise.

“Alright, seriously now. Is he ready?” Amy interrupted, pointing at the tech guy. “I need to get my data drive in and get started on this. Almost everyone is here.”

The guy overheard her and notified them that it would be another 5 minutes before he would be ready. In the meantime, Sophie was boldly indicating her growing need to pee, and her intention to act upon it, but Amy only apprehensively apprised her of the risk. Sophie of course found it necessary to demonstrate that their planned movement wasn’t just words, but actions as well.

With little additional thinking to cloud her judgement, Sophie lowered into a squat and pulled aside her panties under her short skirt to give way to a hissing stream of jetting urine which splashed violently onto the stage floor and flowed forward down the steps. Sophie kept a regular expression about her as if nothing she was doing was wrong. It was the way things were only a week ago, and people already seemed to forget the luxury of their comforts, but the sight of her aroused a reminder in everybody who noticed. It was a step of courage against the tyrants. Just as Sophie let the final drops escape her body, others in the crowd began to enjoy the comfort as well. All that tension of holding was being released by the hundreds – a chain reaction following in Sophie’s lead.

Finally, after a collective relief, everyone settled in their seats and Amy found the silence she needed to begin what she had been planning all morning. With Ben at her side however, half the puzzle was solved. Only the other half remained.

Amy discussed her battle tactics with them and announced the news of guns. Ben chipped in with his own ideas, and the question session opened the floor to many more alterations and perfections.

Once again, another day was spent towards the cause. Progress was moving with such incredible haste that even Amy sometimes struggled to keep up. Unfortunately, their limited human energy eventually invited them back to their bedrooms, now under the consolation of a solid plan and a hopeful future. Many beds were wet that night, Amy’s included. People truly believed that they were stronger than the group in power, and that mattered significantly

2 chapters this time since the 2nd was short

*007*2020-05-27 20:57

@GermanShepherd

Well this one took me about 2 weeks. I bet I could have made it better if I reworked some things but it took me so long that I just got lazy lol. I enjoy writing as a hobby and as of right now, I only write for omoorg so that's probably why I write so much. Hope the quality doesn't suffer too much as a result of my lack of revision.

*008*2020-05-27 21:10

Saturday, June 29th, 2029

Amy woke up the next morning startled by a cold moist sensation below her. The blanket she was covered with earlier when falling asleep was thrown aside out of sight, and the wind had free reign over her shivering body. Her racing heart frantically questioned whether she was starting to have genuine accidents at her age, but a quick look into her memory reminded her of her intentional relief in the middle of the night.

Freedom was freedom, but bedwetting turned out to be more of a displeasure than a comfort to her. Using the floor would probably have been a better idea than soaking her sheets, but she couldn’t predict that she would dispose of her only defenses against the cold.

She gathered the fallen blanket and stripped the bed to the bare matrass, which remained dry owing thanks to the protection which covered it. While attempting to escape her groggy state by visiting the washing machine in the cold cellar, she tried to recollect the scattered plan which was so clear in her head the day before – another reason why the bedwetting was a malefactor.

After nothing worked, she turned to her trusty ally: coffee. Within minutes, the warm drink scared off any former desire of sleep and finally, she was able to gather her thoughts. As everything restored itself, she suddenly recalled that she had to meet Ben today at his warehouse. They would be distributing weapons to all the members of the Liberators, a name suggested by some random young guy from the back of the auditorium the day before. Guns were strictly illegal in the city but even police officers were part of their numbers, and that meant that they were above the law. It gave Amy an uncomfortable satisfaction to have such power, and a disturbing crave for more, but it was the nature of any human, so she dismissed it.

Tossing the cup heedfully into the sink, just enough to make sure it didn’t shatter, Amy darted for her room and clumsily pulled on one of her 3 pairs of camo pants followed by her bullet proof vest and her camo jacket. Finally, she swiped her aviators over her eyes and sped out of the front door. She had exactly 25 minutes to reach her destination, so she was relying on the generosity of the roads. If traffic were to greet her, she would arrive late, and although it wouldn’t be the end of the world, she did not want to make herself appear unreliable in front of her new followers.

The engine roared like a wild beast sending her car flying across the recently repaired roads. Barely a car was in sight, so Amy allowed herself a breath of relief, but she still had quite a way to go, and traffic was known for its spontaneous nature. Fortunately, her bedwetting did not impinge on her timely arrival and she managed to make it with 5 minutes to spare. She found Ben right away as he was waiting for her at the parking lot, and the two of them walked together to the warehouse where the guns were stored, all while sharing their morning experiences.

The large tree overlooking the comparably miniscule building was waving languidly with the wind, and birds glided to the branches for a morning choir. It was a beautiful sight of nature – one that could only be noticed if one’s mind was clear of thoughts. That was Amy’s exact state. She was already at work monotonously handing out rifles to an endless line of people, distracting herself in the process. The distribution took 3 hours in total and although the day only had begun, Amy was under the impression that it was time for bed again.

Nevertheless, everyone was still due for training. The perk of having a large amount of people on their side was the extensive amounts of connections they had in front of them, and with that package came a shooting range. It was a man named Ellis who ran the place. He was recently bombed with regulations and fines by the Soaring Justice, who feared firearms like mice fear a cat, so he decided to join the movement for the sake of his business. Oh, how the tyrants’ plan backfired. Everything was falling into place so perfectly that for the first time in a while, Amy could not find a single reason to complain.

They used one of Ben’s large trucks to cram everyone in the storage trailer. It wasn’t the safest choice, and if it wasn’t for the circumstances, Ben would end up behind bars, but the times changed, and that day, guns and trailer riding were equally legal. They transported their armed army to the shooting range where everyone took turns according to schedule to practice their shooting and receive basic training from Ben. To spare the boring repetition, the event summed up to another 7 hours and another day was called a success.

As Amy returned home and entered through her front door, collapsing from fatigue, she found herself in a state of incredible laziness, so much so that even a trip to the bathroom seemed excessive. She hadn’t relieved herself in quite some time despite knowing that she could have done it any time. She didn’t want it to distract her, but in reality, she was too distracted to even notice it. Now though, standing in the comfort and isolation of her home, she was ready to submit to her desire.

A slight relaxation of her muscles was enough to get the warm liquids flowing. As usual, the pee started by gradually pooling in her panties and then soaking through the thick military material of her trousers. She took a few steps further into her house so that the kitchen clock would emerge visible to her. It was still an hour till her normal bedtime, so she marched decisively to the bathroom for a shower all while releasing a thin but steady stream into her pants, forming a dripping trail of pee behind her.

The shower turned out to be the final piece needed to complete her day, leaving sleep as her finishing act. That night the bed was softer than ever. As the silence rang in her ears, and darkness filled her room, she drifted off into a slumber of many dreams and fantasies. She dreamed of their upcoming battle, and a decisive victory against their opponents.

*010*2020-06-04 06:55

The Final Chapter is here

Sunday, June 30th, 2029

The next day Amy jumped out of bed 3 hours early, even before the sun had a chance to show its bright face. The room was still dim, but the artificial light would be too painful to turn on. Instead Amy shuffled attentively down the short hallway of her second floor, navigating her way to the bathroom. Once there, she quickly unleashed a yellow morning stream into the sink and then brushed her teeth, all while planning her choice of clothing.

That day was the day of their ambush. It had come much sooner than they anticipated. It would be the day where people would die, unfortunately from both sides. Amy tried to keep herself composed but the thought of losing Sophie, or Ben, or anyone else who offered their life to the cause just kept surfacing on her mind and prevailing over reason and coordination.

A sudden wave of fear washed over her as she recalled that last night she used her camo pants as a toilet, therefore potentially risking not having a pair for today. Thankfully though her worries dissipated as she found one more remaining. She put on the same outfit yet again and left the house with her rifle hugging her chest.

The drive was going to be far to the capital, and possibly the last drive of her life if she were to fall in battle, so she made sure to stock up on unhealthy snacks for the road. She drove to Ben’s warehouse again where they would board his truck, which wore a food company’s logo on the trailer as a disguise. People were gathering very quickly, and it didn’t take long for everyone to get assembled.

The ride was certainly going to be daunting. 400 people would have to fit themselves inside the storage trailer and remain standing there for the 3-hour ride to the capital. There was no doubt they would arrive tired and weak so they would have to pray that they wouldn’t be tracked. There was a hideout they acquired in the capital where they would rest and prepare. The hideout was positioned perfectly under a bridge which stood a block away from the palace itself.

If all went well, they would ambush the building swiftly and forcefully, crushing any defenses and reaching the leader himself: Yanis. Eliminating him would be enough to end the battle and declare them as the victors.

Amy chose to remain in the cramped trailer instead of taking the offer of a front seat ride. She kindly gave her spot to Sophie, who was constantly zoning out with fear throughout their boarding process. Amy would never forgive herself if she led her best friend to her death. She tried to convince herself that Sophie offered to join them, and that she didn’t compel her to anything, but that didn’t soothe her one bit. Everyone was on edge. The entire truck was resting in mourning quietude for those who would die for their cause, and it dug at Amy’s courage quite effectively. It seemed that no one wished to sit in discomfort during what could be their final ride, so the occasional sound of urination broke the blanket of silence.

It was pitch black inside the container with only a few rays of light entering through small holes, so the lack of visual input allowed for vivid imagination. Amy kept wandering between sleep and wakefulness so much that the two became indistinguishable. It wasn’t until the loud rattle of the opening trailer door that the light poured in and brought her back to reality.

Almost the entire floor of the metal box in which they spent their trip was wet with pee. Even Amy found that she was standing in a puddle which had spread to her from her neighbor. She realized that it would have been wise to follow suite but now it was time to move so she had no opportunity for relief. She was far from desperate so she could make it to their destination before any issues arose.

The hideout was inside a train car hangar which was located just below the bridge. The place was far from polished, but it would have to suffice. As they lethargically disembarked and began to wobble down the dirt path into the industrial zone of their stay, Amy eyed their new temporary home. Random industrial materials were scattered in piles all over the dusty ground. The concrete was chipped with age and the metal of the building was ridden with rust. The muffled sound of rushing cars on the road above resonated loudly, making any communication practically inaudible.

Amy dragged herself along the flow of the crowd to the empty train cars, where everyone chose a home of their choosing to settle in. The interiors of the cars were surprisingly clean in comparison to the outside, as if someone came there to wash them every now and then. It was an unexpected and much welcomed comfort; one that would only last for the next 4 hours as they waited for the sundown.

The clock struck midnight before Amy could blink, and her whole being descended into the gloom of uncertainty. It was then that she encountered the realization of the possibility of death in the hours to come. She grew aware that she had crossed the line of no return, and that she gathered an army of people who signed their lives to her cause – to their cause – without questioning her own devotion. She would never see the light of another sunrise, and the beautiful painted sky of a summer evening. She would never see her friends, her family, or even her enemies. She would be parting with everything.

The minute hand completed another lap in its endless race around its pivot, and Amy knew there was no more waiting and no more contemplating. The time to doubt and reconsider sunk long ago behind them. Where they stood now allowed them only to progress forward. Amy used the dark to shed a tear which begged to leave her eye, and then wiped all the emotion off her face leaving nothing but the keen readiness of a leader.

All the train car doors slid open asynchronously, pouring frightened soldiers out into the moonlight. The bridge was much quieter, but still whispered the sound of rushing wheels across the pavement.

Amy marched to the front of the scattered army to make her final speech and execute her first command to initiate the plan. Everyone was still waking up from their naps and preparing their guns for battle. Conversations floated obscurely amongst the crowd, but for the most part, all the words were spoken in thoughts. Fear was a demon that enveloped everyone who stood there that night, but no one backed out.

“This is a plan I never thought would come to life, but here we are, standing at the very start of a revolution. We are all here because we were born as equals, and equally deserve the rights that were so cruelly stolen from us. To our freedom, we march!!” Amy channeled all the force she could into her whisper of a speech. It was as glorious as it could get without awakening the neighborhood and blowing their cover, but it was enough.

With her gun lifted towards the sky, Amy led the troop back up the weaving dirt path and out into the city streets, which held no cars and barely any people. Only the breeze breathed through the grass and whistled a faint song of victory. Amy locked her eyes onto the looming palace, blackened with sin and debauchery of the so called ‘Soaring Justice’.

The night walkers of the sleeping city scattered in frantic panic as they saw the approaching wave of their revolution. Amy broke into a jog. They needed the element of surprise more than anything, so they had to be swift. They passed another block, crossing the final street to their destination. The building now towered in front of them, blocking the stars with its grand shape. It was a beautiful structure, with columns upheld by stone warriors, and an entranceway decorated with fantastic animals and nature. It was unfortunate that the palace was always destined to obey those who occupied it, even if they meant to do harm.

Now Amy was sprinting forth up the stairs, getting ahead of her followers. The moment she had been waiting for lay in front of her, and like a magnet approaches metal, she could not resist. She made it all the way up to the central door and pulled it open forcefully as the rest of her body struggled to catch a breath. The door swung open but brought with it a blaring siren which resonated throughout the entire neighborhood. It was now or never.

The army stormed into the building, pouring through the narrow entranceway into the spacious marble halls. The guards inside were scrambling for their guns but were denied the opportunity to reach them by a barrage of bullets from the attackers. They were in so far already with not a single casualty from their ranks. Amy continued the charge down the hall. They needed to find Yanis. It was the only way all of it could be ended. They split themselves into 5 parties which would each take a different path to find their target. Any guards in the way were to be killed immediately on sight.

Everyone dispersed into their own directions. Amy kept with Ben and Sophie, and together, they took the room down the end of the hall. The door did not resist their entry, allowing them in willingly as though it agreed with their cause. Inside was a dark eerie silence. Only the company of the written word consoled them. It was the palace’s great library – a place everyone should visit at least once in their lifetime – though books were not what they came for. They quickly split up and diffused throughout the room, ensuring that every corner was checked. Clear. No one was present. Carefully they made their way back through the door and continued towards another room which they were responsible for checking.

It was at that moment when the first of the gunshots resonated through the hall. It came from the second floor. It seemed like one of their parties was encountering a large resistance from the guards because a few provoking shots slowly escalated into continuous gunfire, with the intermittent sound of screams and death. It translated into a massacre. Amy needed to be up there. As the leader of her own group, she led everyone up the spiraling steps towards the sound of war.

As soon as they turned the corner atop the stairs, the scene unfolded in a flashing instant. An organized line of armed guards was closing in on the startled disorganized revolutionaries. Bodies were everywhere, some dead, and other close to it. They were all about to be killed. Time almost froze for Amy. She was afraid, and that was the worst time to allow fear to seep through the cracks of her mental barrier. She pulled out her radio and ordered that every single fighter available make their way to the second floor. It was the last stand and the final deciding battle.

With every thought shattered and tears gathering behind her eyes, Amy charged forward into cover behind a column. The people behind her also ran forth to find their own battle positions. Blood was in the air, and the sounds of every citizen giving their life for freedom echoed in painful agony between the walls.

The guards seemed impenetrable, and it was becoming clear that they were mice in a mousetrap, being picked off strategically. They would all be dead in a matter of minutes if nothing was done. The line needed to be broken. They needed a gap – a chance. Amy’s breathing quickened as her mind drew upon an idea that would save them all, but fear was strong, holding her courage in chains. She could not help but let go of another tear. This wasn’t some trivial stress of everyday life, but a decision which would either lead them to prevail, or let her loyal followers die to her cowardice. She thought no more.

With a quick glance down to her waist to confirm possession of the grenade, she jumped swiftly out of cover and leapt into the open, the flashbang firmly in hand. Before the occupied guards could react to the new target, Amy pulled the pin and tossed the blinding grenade into the air, before diving behind another wall just as the gunshots whizzed past, clipping a strain of her waving hair off from her head. The flashbang exploded, freezing the entire battlefield in its tracks. Amy was looking away and had her ears covered, but still collapsed to the ground and found herself struggling to get on her feet. The ground wobbled, as though the earth was shaking violently, and everything seemed more muffled and blurrier than usual. She looked around in frantic distress, searching for the gap she hoped her act would create, and found that the guard was as disorganized as ever. Many were collapsed onto the floor and others were wandering aimlessly, lacking the much-needed ability to see.

Amy didn’t hesitate. She aimed her rifle and began to spray bullets at all the guards, screaming with all the pain she had been holding in. The floor was becoming a river of red, a stomach-twisting massacre of death and a fight for freedom. More than 10 guards were dead by the time Amy’s gun clicked, signifying that the clip was empty. Her opponents were beginning to regain their senses, some standing up and even aiming their guns, but before Amy could make another decision, she heard the relieving sound of footsteps approaching from the stairs behind. Backup arrived, and it wasn’t blinded.

The rest of the battle seemed a little hazy, but one thing was clear once the gunfire stopped, and silence returned to the room: they were victorious. Amy scanned the floor, looking at all the fallen soldiers on both sides. She felt guilty, knowing that there was a sense of relief in her for not finding Ben or Sophie amongst the dead. Still, she cared for every single fighter on her side that day, and their bravery would not be forgotten. In that moment however, there was a final matter that remained.

Now that they had defeated the guards, the final door lay ahead of them. The finale was right down the hallway. In silence, Amy sprinted down the marble floors, followed by Sophie and Ben, and together, they slammed their bodies into the door, breaking the lock and swinging it open violently. Inside the office room, Yanis was frantically gathering documents and scattered cash from the desk until he noticed them and pulled out his weapon as an empty threat.

“Drop it,” Amy demanded calmly, but assertively, after stepping forth.

“I will kill at least one more of you, and you know that, so you drop your weapons and I will spare you in the name of the law,” he replied with desperate deceit.

“The world has never seen a bigger rat than you Yanis. You stand defeated and still have the nerve to make demands. Drop your pitiful little toy gun and get down to your knees,” Amy dictated menacingly, swinging her gun in his direction with intimidating intention.

Her voice was the growl of a vengeful beast enraged by the needless deaths of her allies. She was ready to make Yanis pay for each and every one of the fallen on their side, but his life alone wouldn’t suffice.

Yanis realized his inferior position and dispensed of his pride, dropping himself submissively to his knees and sliding his pistol in Amy’s direction across the smooth floor.

Sophie’s gun was trembling in her shaky grip. She didn’t wish a cruel death upon anyone, even Yanis, and wasn’t prepared to witness one. Amy was still conjuring a painful execution for the man who caused all this, and Sophie took the time to muster her courage and offer her own proposal.

“Yanis, leave this country and do not come back. If you do, we will kill you,” she commanded rather timidly, offering him an opportunity to keep his life.

Hope briefly appeared in his eyes, but then vanished. “I’m grateful for your offer, but if I so much as stand up, I will be shot,” he replied, glancing over at Amy, who was burning with vengeance and clearly wouldn’t allow for Sophie’s proposal to be realized.

Amy was proud of Sophie’s mercy and kindness, even to someone who harmed them so much, but she could not allow Yanis hurt anyone else. Before the cowering man could utter another word, Amy pulled the trigger, sending blood across the white wall of the office and dropping Yanis’ lifeless body to the floor. Sophie had ducked under the cover of her hands from the loud and sudden explosive sound that ripped through the quiet air, and only then realized the bloody outcome of the shot. She thought that the revolution would bring happiness, but the freedom they regained brought no immediate joy in the face of all the killing. Still, they achieved the unlikely goal that they risked everything to accomplish, so there was reason to celebrate, and to mourn those who died by their side. The power of the people prevailed. Everyone could begin to resettle back into their daily lives, though one thing was for certain: nothing would ever be the same after that day.

Amy was offered a position in the palace, which she kindly refused. Politics was not her game, especially considering the recent circumstances. An acquaintance of hers surprising ended up taking the leadership spot; it was someone she knew would do well to ensure their freedom would stick, and someone she could ask favors of every now and then. Otherwise Amy retired to a life of peace. Her and Ben got together in the following month, and Sophie found her own love. In the end, wounds were healing, and happiness was restored!

