Once upon a time, Told to

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2021-12-13 08:28

Thanks to the wonderful creator of Told to, this story is openly inspired from the legendary masterpiece made by PeeHour, with their consent of course.

The story I'll create will be slightly historically factual, some real events will happen in the timeline, while adding fictional characters and stuff to not have much problems of accuracy of existing people and events, and I would like to start at the Victorian-era-like, and making a generational thing that follows the character's engendered kids in the long term future, I will jump from when they form a couple directly to when they will be adults of course, so for rapid example we will see A's accidents, then A is barely flirting with someone, then we directly fastforward to their kids B at the same age of them in the first arc of chapters.

In consequence maybe after a couple of chapters I would change time and get to new characters, or maybe a new family even, visiting countries and local life at the same time. I tried to stay out of most sexual tensions for once, but there will be romantic vibes certainly, don't worry I'll warn about anything too much naughty in a certain chapter, I'm not even planning to write any for now.

It is around spring, the sun wakes up to warm everyday the ground, the leaves and the trees, but also Alice, a working class woman, that is brown-haired and have beautiful clear green eyes. Her shape is not wide, she is not abusing food honestly and also she wears common clothes. She often have a black or quiet dress, that fits her actual shyness. Her mother, Anastasia, is always so busy with her work, so she is not home now.

This day, Alice stood in the couch most length of it, playing board games or chatting with her little sister or their caregiver.

Alice is 23, she have her little sister Eleanor who is 20 y/o next to her, they have been both under orders of Juliana, for two days now. Juliana is a friend of the family, also she always have been their maidservant, babysitter and all, so they know her, even more than their own parents, they are too busy for really taking care of them anyway. They bring money to buy food, and it takes all the time to work at the fields or the early manufactory.

Alice grabs her wooden token of the boardgame she is playing with Eleanor. She think what to do next. But she is fidgeting a tiny bit.

"Are you okay? You look a bit stressed or something." Asks Eleanor.

Sometimes she changed position in the last half hour, and it started to be often, then again and again. She feel her bladder is quite full right now, not really to the point of being desperate, but not really far from that.

"I um..." She mumbles quietly. "I need to pee." She tells her.

"Oh no." Replies her little sister. "Do you really have to go?"

"Yes. Actually." Alice answer.

"Do you think you can make it until tomorrow?" Eleanor asks.

"No, I don't think so. I could really use the bathroom, but I'm afraid it's too late already..." She whispers.

She glances at the kitchen which is meters away, and Juliana is cleaning bowls from their dinner. She cutely sings or whistle some happy melodies that can be heard in market or festive events and stuff.

"Yeah I think it's too late for going outside... You should have gone earlier." She tells her.

"Yes I know! But you asked about playing that game I like so much, I've forgotten!" She tries to quietly speak and slightly replace some of the fault on her.

Juliana stops to sing, she have done the dishes, and is walking towards them.

"You had forgotten what, Alice?" She asks.

"Like what is it? Oh nothing." She replies shyly.

Alice place the token on a tile.

"Your guard take 4 damage." She smiles at Eleanor.

"No, I use my knight special ability." She contradicts.

"You can't, he is not close enough." She denies her.

"Firstly, yes I can, and secondly, my knight is a she." She reports to her sister.

"Oh your knight is a she huh?" She smirks. "She won't get to marry the princess then, does she?" She asks.

"Yes she is going to." She affirms. "Okay then. I move my guard here."

They lead further their plays, and Juliana pours some white wine from a bottle there is near on the table. The sound of the liquid pouring is really not helping Alice, who continues to wiggle and start to be actually desperate about her need. She feel her waterstorage quite rather full and can't really concentrate efficiently, clenching and unclenching her legs, knees and thighs together, in will to decrease the need a bit. She once even let out a deep sigh as the will of go strikes her more and more.

"Are you okay Alice? What's wrong?" Asks Juliana.

"Nothing. Everything is fine." She replies, without even sounding correct.

"No clearly something is bothering you. Tell me." She request an answer in her naturally heartwarming voice.

She blushes a bit, in shame of her forgetting.

"I have to pee, miss..." She confesses.

"Oh." She replies.

Alice get her hand on her face, so ashamed, and scared of her growing need in her lowerbelly. She surely won't hold until the sun rises again.

"You know it's freezing cold outside after dinner." She reminds her. "You can't access the toilets for now."

The dry toilets, in a little wooden hut, are at the tip of the garden, around 10 or 20 meters, behind the long grass section that will freeze her little feet. When she hesitate to ask to go for it even with the air temperature, she reminds her bare feet are on straw or gravel of the lowcost house of them right now, she only have lowtier shoes in the entry that aren't gonna protect her cute feet from the coldness. Since the only common drink there is at the time is wine, it is not helping to overfill her whimsical bladder.

Alice get her hands between her legs, since she is not hidden anymore, she can truly hold herself.

"Oh sweetie I'm sorry for you..." She says. "Do you have to go that bad?"

"Yes, I truly do..." She confesses.

"Well. I guess you should just go." The maidservant stated.

"Where?" She replies, not fully understanding, glancing around trying to find what she could do in.

"Yourself." She replies, smiling because of amazement on Alice face.

"You mean... Right now? On the couch?" She asks, surprised she could not have to endure the outside coldness.

"Yes. I'll just wash the cover in the river tomorrow, that's it." She explains.

In a matter of fact, the thing they call "the couch" is an old, almost broken or odd wooden plank hold in two hub of wood, on the top of it is located a quite puffy, barely ample piece of cloth or cover, that is useful to not have wood splinter spiking through our clothes too easily after sitting on the couch for a long time.

"You really mean it's not a problem if I go on the couch?" She asks again, never sure enough.

"Yes. I'll wash it tomorrow. Like your current clothes." She replies.

"Really? But why do toilets exists then?" Asks Eleanor, in the same surprise as her sister.

"Because the cover is gonna stench if you go in it all the time at some point. We can't clean it at random hours in winter's mornings."

Alice is almost convinced, but there is a last thing she needs to know before she tries to do something else.

"Wait. Would you tell mother?" She asks, a bit scared.

"No. She would not really appreciate her grown up daughter acted like she is a baby." She states.

"But... Does it really makes me a baby if I do?" She continues to ask.

"Hey there. You know I won't judge you girls. It is not wrong to be who you are okay?" She comforts them. "That said, you won't be able to swear you are very dry and toilet trained. I just wanna warn you, you could be disgusted or feeling weak of yourself, personally I don't care of your choice, you are adults, it's up to you." She explains to them.

Alice and Eleanor looks at eachother. Alice is still desperate, but don't really change her mind for now.

"No, I can't do that, it's so improper to even think about it." She deny herself.

Juliana stands up, her glass of wine finished that she let on one of the kitchen furnitures, and walks over to the rooms to prepare the beds or something, letting Eleanor and Alice alone by themselves.

"So. What are you going to do?" Eleanor asks very subtly, curious. "Are you really going to go yourself?"

"Well. In fact, I have asked for it, but I don't think I could have held it much longer anyway." She speaks quietly.

"What are you waiting for then? Just go!" She whispers.

"You're not going to judge me or anything?" She asks to her.

"Of course not. I could be in your situation right now. I would not like you to mock me. So I won't do it to you." She explains. "Besides, get rid of it already, I want to finish the boardgame before going to bed."

"Okay... Well..." She replies, shyly.

She look down, her sister looking right at her, they are both wearing jeanlike skirts and white shirt or such, Alice's legs are clenched together, her knees fidgeting.

She tries to relax, it is difficult but a bit instinctively she know she have to try to dream about being sat on toilets, it is so stranger and more comfortable than the harsh wooden plank and the hole, but after some seconds, the strong ache helping for that, she feel her pelvic tingles.

She senses a first shy spurt, making a little noise when it's freely hitting the cover, then a wild rush gushes out of her, loud and fastly making her skirt wet at her butt, recovering her buttcheeks in warmth, the sensation is so strange to feel the liquid staying so close to her, usually it's something everyone hates and try to throw it away, but she don't know why, she really prefer to stay in this warmness. The torches aren't really enough to be nicely warm inside buildings, but now, there is another source of heat. And she is the cause of it.

"Wow, you really needed to go!" States Eleanor, after a good moment.

The flow finally starts to slow down and stop after a while, and it looks like it have been all absorbed by the cloth piece. Eleanor didn't even tried to move away a bit or something, she seems not disgusted by that, but not specially interested in it too. She is just happy for her sister, that is now patently feeling better.

"Finally." She smiles. "Well, my cleric curse your crusader." She says, rapidly inside the game again.

"No! I have the special 'sent from my papacy' prophecy!" She giggles, moving on as fast as her sister.

After playing around a bit more, they got to bed, and they both slept well...

*002*2022-04-28 12:55

TW: A bit of implied scars/scratches. Nothing too tough, but just to say.

A Drakiosaurus flies an arched entry of a great white building supported by pillars. The tiny 4 legged reptile with wing in its back explores the great building, flying until a cupola of plants or such.

A woman, bare, is relaxing in the rectangular bath, her eyes close, her mouth slightly open, the ambient sounds of water reverbing in the room.

Eventually someone comes-by, walking with boots or such the feminine sounding steps enters the room. She easily can tear her toga down and let it fall on the ground, her mind surely getting prepared to relax in the bath like her bathmate.

"Sophia, what a pleasure to meet you here." She announces as she enters the water.

"Eurydice." She replies as soon as she recognize her voice before even opening her eyes. "It is a pleasure to see you in town still. I thought you were leaving, yesterday."

The women are laid and relaxing in the baths, the birds outside sings, the sunlight brings a bit of warmth in the space, while the air seems filled with magic-like scents.

"Ptolemy had to run a few more tasks. I decided to take another day to benefit from this decent watergardens." She rubs her arms and legs, trying to make her skin absorb the water's good powers.

"Huh. I bet Achilles and Ptolemy are just inseparable now. Who could imagine these two cold heads would hang along together." Sophia giggles, while she wiggle a bit up of the water to scout a glance in direction of the plants' positive energy in the cupola. "Hey, get away! Rats!" She shout when she see the two tiny dragons fighting for a bite of the powerful plants.

Eurydice gets up and does movements with her hands. The tiny dragons that were clumsily trying to spit fire at each other suddenly gets scared and flies away.

"These things gets everywhere!" Eurydice sighs. "Good thing they are rare in northern."

"Yeah sure. Could you bring the bowl, your gratitude?" Sophia asks politely.

"Your gratitude?" She respond while she seize the magical plants. "Why so much politeness, your highness?"

"No, honestly we should talk more high-top woman language shouldn't we." Sophia says, grabbing a bit of the plants to extract the positive dust from them, to rub the magical dust into her arms and body.

"Urgh, no way I'll not talk with ease unless in front of like, our Lord!" She giggles, which makes Sophia giggles too.

A great and large man approach the place, and smiles.

"I see we are having fun in here!" He shout. "I could be sad if I would have totally missed that enjoyment."

"Achilles!" Sophia smiles happily, while she get up of the water and clumsily runs on the tiled polished rocks. "Did Donnitreus let you the noon free?" She almost slide on the preciously worked stones.

He grabs her before she can fall or such. "Calm down! Calm down! Don't hurt yourself, Treasure." He holds her in his big arms, that are covered in tiny scratches.

She hugs him a bit wigglingly which makes him slightly whimpering with the pain of his recent fights.

"Sorry! Sorry." She apologizes as soon as she release what she's doing.

Sophia grabs Achilles hand and she lead him to the bath. He and she enter the water slowly getting to relaxing.

"So. Did you mightfully mastered the battlefields once again?!?" Sophia says, cheeky about her husband, as Achilles is a big name around here.

"Calm down, I ain't doing much most of the time." He explains. "Today a citizen called for help after declaring "being chased by a skeleton squad", and when I went in the forest to scout what in the world are newly-living skeletons and if they are even a thing, I just found a pack or Volkis, fighting for rests of bones."

"Scary..." Eurydice smirks, sceptic.

Sophia dive her hands in the positive powder, and rubs her husband's arms and chest with it.

"I know what you're thinking about this story. But Sir and me talked about it from a time now. Since the Spacerock Disaster, everything seems so odd. Like if something was attacking the positive balance of the world, making it more and more..."

"Darker?" Sophia complete his sentence. "I discuss a lot with ladies around me and they do feel like that. Everyone feels it."

Eurydice wiggles a bit, before getting out of the bath. "Okay, it is certainly time for me to go find Ptolemy. Good bye!" She says, while she grabs her clothes.

"Bye Eurydice!" Sophia smiles at her before she go.

"Take care!" Achilles says.

The calm comes back, only noises are some water Sophia mixes with the magic dust, to rub the soapy result on Achilles.

"By Aphrodite, what have I done to have a caring and loving wife as you, Sophia." He smiles.

"Well it's obvious. You are majestic, so you get laid properly." She winks at him, while rubbing his chest and shoulders.

They are both sat on an in-water bench that makes water reaches their belly, while their feet are lower, making them comfortably sat and able to have view on themselves. They aren't bothered by that, it's common in the thermals to be in a state. Eventho, this time Sophia seems to wiggle a bit. Of course she's working on her husband, but she also seems to have like, unneeded movements regularly.

"You are shivering a bit." Achilles sees. "Is there something wrong my dear?"

"Oh no." She blushes in replies. "I'm just a bit bothered... I... I need a wee. But I can't leave without finish healing you."

"Aww you are adorable." He smiles. "But why would you have to leave to pee?"

"What." She plays not knowing what everyone does. "I'm not gonna pee in the bath, am I?"

"Like it isn't why the quality of the water decreases over the week and VIPs pay access the first day of the week right after the cleaning of the pools." He smirks, trying to make her admit she does too.

"I'm reluctant tho. I wouldn't want to make you dirty..." She hesitate.

"Okay then. Hold it if you are too shy to do." He smiles.

Sophia get out of the water, to do a step and get kneeling behind his back, wiggling a bit more as the fresh air caress her wet body. She starts to work on his shoulders further with his back, his scars already closing with the positive energy, with a speed that can be seen obviously.

"Mhhh your hands are warm and soft darling..." Achilles relaxes in the tub.

Sophia smiles as she gets closer to him, almost hugging his back with one leg each sides of his. She have now her feet in water, and she don't stop to wiggle from time to time, even some times she try to gather her legs, even if that's not really possible with the big man in her legs now.

"Oh cutie. Just go. It's okay." He insist.

"I don't wanna bother you!" She blushes.

Achilles raise his hands until her feet to tickle her. Suddenly she let out a spurt that forcefully lands on his back, while she whines and whimpers.

"Urgh! Don't do that!" She dies of blush.

"Sorry, I couldn't resist." He admits.

She gets up, able to control herself for some time still, before she sits on her husband's ancient underwears, something that is not too rough to sit on as the water lowers her own weight.

Achilles make a good use of his hands and repeat her caring movements she done on him, on her back, massaging her with force and vigor.

At that moment, that's it. She can't hold herself anymore. Sophia just mindlessly release herself. She just let it go, and totally relaxes, warming the water around her and Achilles.

"Thaaat's it, darling. Just let yourself go. You deserve it." He whisper in her neck.

"Ohhh, I really needed to go..." She sighs.

After a time she had finished going, she would shyly get up, slowly getting ready to reach outdoor, as suddenly bells shimes outside.

"Oh no, it's gathering time already!" She gasps.

"Lets go then." Achilles replies.

She clumsily fit her toga up her wet body, while Achilles carries his red cape up his back and his shoulder plates along his collarbones, before rushing throughout the corridor.

