Na: a wild night and a wet bed

Author: sspz

*000*2018-06-02 12:05

Content note: wetting, bedwetting, alcohol, nudity, f/f sex, thoughts about mild humiliation

Previously:

A day in the life of Na

Na: a night-time story

"Tell me another story."

###

Bodies entwined, warm skin on skin, soft sweet lips on mine tasting faintly of coffee and tobacco. A strong hand running through and playfully pulling my short hair. Another hand running down the length of my body, mapping it and finding the places that make me gasp, tingling touch feeling like tiny fireworks. Kissing harder now, that hand moving down between my legs to touch softly and tease; I push my hips forward yearning for more, yearning for fingers on my clit and fingers inside me, but she laughs softly and pulls back until she's barely stroking my soft pubic hair, driving me wild. The fingers retreat and explore some more, tracing over the soft curves of my hips, the flat expanse of my belly, moving downwards again. As she reaches the bottom of my tummy, my bladder awakens, a pleasant fullness that nonetheless I should probably attend to...

In between kisses, I whisper - "Need to go pee."

She shakes her head gently and begins to nibble on my shoulder. I gasp and forget about it for a while, until the slow circles of her hands' exploration bring her back to that spot again.

"Really need to go," I whisper.

"Silly thing," comes the reply, warm breath on my cheek, her voice soft and amused. "You're allowed to go right here."

She slips her hand gently between my legs. I arch my back in pleasure, concentrating fully on the sensation and allowing my bladder to do what it will. I feel my muscles release their tension, then sudden warmth - my stream hitting her hand and flooding my crotch, then flowing down over my bottom to pool beneath me. She kisses me, hard.

"Naughty girl. I love you."

###

I woke up disoriented and massively horny; lay and savoured the shreds of dreams still drifting around my head. It slowly came to my attention that my hand was between my legs, and that felt good, so I stroked myself for a while, drifting in and out of awakeness.

After some time, my bladder awoke and informed that, even though recently emptied, it still had a little bit left. I relaxed and let it come, warm pee trickling down my hand into the wetness of the bed.

...um.

Oh, god.

The wisps of dream fled as reality snapped back into shape. I opened my eyes and immediately regretted it: head swimming, tongue and eyeballs dry like sandpaper, the start of a headache making itself known. I realized I was naked under my duvet - unusual for me in this two-person dorm room. Starting to panic slightly, I spread my hands out to explore the bed, and found that I was lying in the middle of a pretty significant puddle.

I hadn't wet the bed since I was a child. At least, not accidentally, not without protecting it first.

I needed to clean this up fast, before Melissa...

"Morning, sunshine! How's your head?" A pair of long tanned legs appeared, swinging out from the top bunk, rapidly followed by their owner - Melissa, my best friend and roommate, her short purple hair sticking out wildly, clad in a pair of boxer shorts and a Rosie the Riveter t-shirt. She dropped the last two feet and landed with a thump on the floor. "I'm feeling pretty cheerful considering. Maybe I'm still drunk." She ruffled my hair and headed for the shower.

I lay, panicking, paralysed. The nearest washing machine was at the end of the hall, and I couldn't go out in my current soaking wet state without showering first. I thought about stripping the bed and hiding the evidence, then quickly getting dressed in some already-dirty clothes, but surely Melissa would notice the bare bed...

The shower shut off and the door opened, releasing a cloud of steam and a towel-clad figure. She was humming to herself. Walking into the room, she paused, sniffed, headed back to the bathroom, sniffed again, came back and knelt by my bed.

"An-na-na," she said gently, "did you wet your bed?"

I found myself reddening, unable to answer. To my mortification, I could feel tears coming.

"Aw, love." She planted a friendly kiss on my forehead and ruffled my hair. "I guess that was kinda my fault. You aren't much of a drinker, are you? Maybe we should have stopped after the second round of tequila. Let's get you cleaned up. Go have a shower and then I'll help you strip your bed."

I inched my legs towards the edge of the bed, emerging from the covers, and got as far as my knees before a couple of realizations hit me.

"Lissa... I'm naked. And I'm really wet and I'm afraid of dripping on the floor."

She laughed, then clapped a hand over her mouth. "Sorry. Not taking the piss. No pun intended. You don't remember much of last night, do you?"

"...no?"

"Well. Without meaning to embarrass you, you were pretty out of it. Do you remember peeing on the walk home?"

"...oh god..."

"We were walking back from Ophie's along the canal -"

"We were in Ophie's?"

"Yeah, that's where the tequila happened, after Pablo's closed."

"I don't even remember that at all."

"So we were walking back along the canal, and I was holding your arm and trying not to let you fall in. You stopped and turned to me and said 'I wanna pee in the canal', but you didn't actually get that far. You just giggled, hiked up your skirt, and wee'd in your panties."

"Holy crap. Lissa, I'm so sorry..."

"Nah, it was hilarious. You're such a cute drunk. So you pulled your skirt back down and we continued walking like nothing had happened. When we got home we were both knackered, but I figured I probably shouldn't let you go to bed with wet knickers, so I told you to take them off, and you just got completely naked. You're so skinny! I think that's the first time I've seen you totally undressed."

I blushed. I hadn't told Melissa how much of a crush I had on her, since I knew she wasn't into girls. An echo of my dream shot through my head and I blushed even harder.

"Then you said you wanted to take a shower, and I figured I should probably watch to make sure you didn't like drown or something. So you walk into the bathroom and say 'Need a pee.', pop a squat in the shower tray, and go right there."

"Lissa, I am so mortified."

"It's so funny, you're so shy about it when you're sober. You know I don't care about people weeing in front of each other, right?"

...and I certainly hadn't told her about how much peeing turned me on. I must have come across as a prude, when I was just trying not to perv over her on the numerous occasions she'd happily improvised a bathroom.

"Anyway, after that you take a shower and don't drown, and then I put you to bed. And here we are. So that's why you're naked. How about we solve both these problems at once?"

She stood and unwrapped her towel, revealing a slim but wiry body that looked like it had seen beaches and sunshine and plenty of exercise. As she knelt down again, I got a brief flash of a neat stripe of dark pubic hair and a pair of modest breasts with small pink nipples, before she held out the towel and waggled it, blocking my view.

I had never had the experience of being so embarrassed and also turned on at the same time, and I felt unfamiliar emotions rising inside me. I didn't have long to consider them, though:

"Jump out and let's get you dried off."

I folded the duvet back and pushed myself towards the edge of the bed, the soaked sheets squishing underneath me, sat up, put my feet down on the floor, and stood up tentatively, holding onto the bed for support. My head swam. Melissa closed in with the towel, wrapping it around me and rubbing me dry - back first, then bum, then legs, kneeling down in front of me. The lingering aftereffects of the dream made me want to push my hips towards her, and my already-burning cheeks felt like they would light up the room.

She stood up and handed me the towel, and I wrapped it hastily around myself and fled for the shower. As I turned the shower on, I realized I was probably being rude, so as I was waiting for it to warm up I stuck my head back around the door: "Thank you so much. Like, seriously. I owe you one. Maybe more than one."

Melissa - completely naked in the middle of the room, half-lit by a narrow beam of sunlight coming through the small window - turned and chuckled. "Don't worry about it, chick. I know you'd do the same for me."

As I washed, I thought about that flash of emotion earlier. Something about humiliation and arousal. A line from my dream drifted by: 'Naughty girl.' Was that something I was into?

I shut the water off, grabbed a towel and dried off, emerged back into the room to grab some clothes from my shelf, went back into the bathroom to change. Melissa was still undressed, wandering around and tidying up last night's detritus. I'd left the bathroom door open while I was changing; halfway through, a hand appeared round the door and slung a bundle of clothing in the vague direction of the laundry basket. "I'll get that later!"

There was a pause. "Hey, are you okay with me being in the buff? I don't want to freak you out or anything. It's just nice and sunny and warm."

"Uh ... it's fine!" It would be fine, definitely, I told myself. I didn't like being naked in front of others an awful lot, but I was pretty used to locker rooms, averting eyes, and just getting on with it. I emerged fully clothed from the bathroom, and was relieved (and, secretly, slightly disappointed) to find Melissa had donned a pair of black panties and a 'Fight Like A Girl' vest.

She turned and wrapped me in a hug.

"There we go. You're alright. Let's get this bed done."

As we stripped the bed, using my towel from earlier to soak up the puddle, I was incredibly relieved to find that the college had anticipated this situation, and had wrapped the mattress in a waterproof cover. I guessed that drunken students with poor bladder control were probably pretty common in the dorm.

"It feels like you've done this before?" I asked as I separated wet duvet cover from wet duvet and dumped both in a bag to take to the laundry.

"I had a friend in school ... put it this way, whenever we went on a night out, she would have wet herself by the time we got home. She lived pretty near me, and was terrified of her parents finding out. My dad slept like a log" - I remembered that her mom had moved out when we were about fourteen - "so I would just take her to mine, get her showered, and give her some clothes to go home in."

"You went out drinking in school?"

"Of course, everybody did! When you're sixteen and tall, you just go somewhere the bouncers don't look closely at your ID... wait, you never drank til you got to college?"

"I mean, I didn't even really drink much in first year either."

She laughed. "No wonder you get so blootered. I think I've got a lot more practice than you. Listen, next time we go out, I'm gonna make sure you take it a bit easier than me. But I want you to know that if you ever find yourself having an unscheduled bathroom break in your pants -"

This got a giggle from me, and a wide smile from Melissa.

"- then you'll be alright with me. I'll take care of you, chica."

"Thank you so much."

Her hands still occupied with wet laundry, she sidestepped over to me and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Alright, Annabel Natalie, let's get this stuff washed."

*002*2018-06-02 18:57

Thank you :)

