Alice and the Omobar - The Interview

Author: sttl88

*000*2018-05-26 11:31

My first fiction story - hope you like it! Contains female desperation, wetting and masturbation and a suggestion of lesbianism.

I can't work out how to put the tags on the title and the 'female' logo thing. Sorry about that! If someone could tell me how to do that it would be much appreciated!

###

The rain ran in little streams down the window that Alice was staring through. She crossed her legs and felt her tight black trousers cut into her waist a little. She had bought them especially for this interview and they looked great. Hugging her small frame and accentuating her curves. She absentmindedly flicked her hair and tapped her foot slightly on the floor. Shifting her position a little as she watched the rain and her reflection in the window, blonde wavy hair with half of it tied back.

'I look good' she thought to herself, shifting her weight again. 'I wonder how much longer they're going to keep me waiting.'

It had been maybe twenty minutes since she had been let into the office by a glamorous brunette woman.

'Should have peed at the station, dammit' Alice thought, biting her lip and wriggling once more. 'If i'd have known they were going to keep me wai-'

Her thoughts were broken by the door opening and the brunette lady was back in the room.

"So sorry to keep you waiting, the manager is just downstairs in the bar dealing with a delivery." She spoke in a soft and slightly seductive voice. "I've brought you a drink while you wait"

She bent down and put a fruity looking cocktail on the glass coffee table and as she did so her red silk top fell down just revealing the curve of her breasts and the edge of a lacy red bra.

'Man, she is beautiful' thought Alice as the woman turned away. "Actually, before you go" she said aloud.

The brunette woman smiled at her questioningly.

"I really could use the bathroom" Alice felt herself blush a little, but things were getting serious and she wanted to be on good form for this interview, whenever it actually happened.

To Alice's dismay, the woman winced slightly. "I'm so sorry, our bathrooms are currently being repaired. That's actually what the delivery is for that the Cara, the manager, is downstairs for." Seeing Alice's worried expression, she added "I'm sure it won't be too long though."

With that, she left the room.

"Fuck" Alice muttered under her breath, sitting bolt upright and shuffling herself forwards to the edge of the black sofa.

She jerked back and forwards a few times as her hands grasped the edge of the sofa. She could feel her bladder starting to push out into the already tight waistband of her new trousers.

"Oooohhhh." She exhaled deeply. "OK, It's going to be fine." she said out loud to herself.

The storm was coming in fast outside and she could barely see anything out the window now. Plus, the rivers of water making tracks down the windows wasn't helping her situation. Standing up and starting to pace, she took in the room.

The room was minimalist and modern. The sofa she had been sitting on was against the wall with the coffee table in front. Opposite that, a sleek chrome desk and a black leather office chair faced the sofa, but there were no papers or computer or anything to suggest that anyone actually worked here. Alice inhaled deeply as an urge to pee surprised her and she quickened her pace. At the other end of the room was a long, glass conference table with black and chrome chairs. One on one side and three on the other, interview-ready.

"My god I need to pee" Alice muttered under her breath, scissoring her legs and bending slightly at her waist. It was then that she realised she had been sipping the cocktail that the brunette woman had brought in and was already halfway through it.

"Oh shit, that was stupid" she said to nobody in particular and put the glass back on the table.

For ten more minutes she paced up and down. Every now and then she would stop, scissor her knees back and forth with her hands on her hips and take little shallow breaths as waves of desperation hit her.

"What the hell was in that drink?" she said out loud. "I have never had to pee so badly so quickly in my life!"

Walking over to the sofa she perched on the arm, legs slightly astride it, putting pressure on her crotch. "I'm not bloody holding myself like a child while I'm waiting for this interview." She muttered. "who knows how long it's going to last, and they're hardly going to give a £100 an hour bar job to someone who has to hold themselves in an interview."

She clenched her fists and her pelvic floor muscles and ground herself subtly into the arm of the sofa. She was starting to consider leaving. No job could be worth this.

Just then, the door opened again.

"Sorry to keep you waiting, and thank you so much for coming". A black haired asian woman wearing a short white cocktail dress entered the room, followed by a beautiul blonde girl, also in white, and the brunette Alice had met already, who was holding a tray with four more of those cocktails.

Jumping out of her desperate stance, Alice stood and pulled her kegel muscles together with all her might. Shaking slightly, she took the asian woman's outstreched hand and shook it.

"N..no problem" Alice replied, her voice shaking slightly with the effort of keeping her bladder under control.

"I'm Cara," said the asian lady "I believe you've met Sophie already," she gestured to the brunette, "and this is Rachel," the blonde girl smiled kindly.

The ladies took their seats at the table while Sophie put the drinks down infront of each of the women and Alice gratefully took the single chair opposite them, taking care to position her crotch directly above the edge of the chair, applying pressure to her pee hole. The three women opposite her were stunning. Despite her desperate state Alice could still appreciate their beauty. 'No wonder I had to send a picture with my application, it's like Charlie's Angels working here' she thought.

"So," Cara began with an encouraging smile, "why did you apply for this job?"

Alice was momentarily taken aback. She had spent the last 15 minutes thinking about nothing but how badly she needed to pee and how she could stop her bladder emptying all over the floor. Now she had to think straight?! She took a deep breath and clenched her fists.

"Ah, I, erm," She began. She looked down at her hands and saw that they were shaking with the effort of holding her pee. She pushed her crotch harder into the chair, grinding it hard, forward and backward, side to side. Her throat was dry. Sweat was appearing on her forehead as her body used all of its strength to hold in the pee that was trying to escape.

"Don't be nervous," smiled Cara kindly, seemingly misinterpreting the crisis that Alice was having, "Have some of that drink, it'll help"

"Oh god" Alice muttered under her breath. She sipped the drink to try and maintain the illusion that it was nerves that was the problem.

"Sorry, er, I saw the job posted online. I've done quite a lot of bar work but I've gotten sick of people getting drunk and rude and abusive. I wanted to work somewhere classier."

Cara nodded understandingly "Well Omobar certainly is different from your usual bar"

Alice thought she saw a mischievious glint in Cara's eye but she was too distracted by her bladder to take any notice of it.

Rachel cut in then, blonde hair swaying perfectly as though she was in a shampoo advert, her soft lips caressing every word as it came out of her mouth like she was trying to kiss each of them, "Tell us about your experience"

For fifteen minutes, Alice talked them through the usual interview questions - experience, personal skills, weaknesses. Throughout the time her bladder was reaching breaking point. She wasn't able to sit still any more and if the table hadn't been glass she would have been trying to hold herself. Her breath was coming in gasps and her whole body was shaking. She could barely get the words out.

Finally, Sophie asked what must be the last question. "Do you have any questions for us?"

With the end of the interview in sight, Alice's resolve was crumbling.

"Oh.. oh God... I amm.." she breathed out two short breaths "I am so desperate for the loo, please can you show me where it is..." two more short breaths "l..l...like right now?"

Cara smiled again. This wasn't the reaction Alice was expecting. None of the three women moved.

"You have no doubt noticed that the pay is very good here" Cara explained softly,

"Y..ye..yes" Alice was shuddering and grinding on the corner of the chair. Why were none of these women showing her the toilet? "S..s...seriously I'm about to..."

Despite her best efforts, Alice could feel her bladder losing the battle. A leak of pee trickled out of her and she could feel it soak into her tiny lace panties.

Abandoning all pretence, she bent forward and shoved her right hand deep into her crotch, grabbing on to her pee hole for dear life. If she had been aware of anything but her bladder, she would have noticed that none of the three women seemed even remotely surprised by her behaviour. In fact, they seemed to be watching with a rapt fascination, even pleasure.

Ignoring the writhing, squirming display on the other side of the table, Cara continued. "You see Omobar is a very exclusive establishment. Our clients pay a lot of money to come here and be waited on by girls in the same situation that you're in now." She looked over at Alice, who was squirming and now had both hands in her crotch. The desperate girl was listening though, and was looking up at Cara to see if she was joking. "We pay you extremely well and in return, you... forego some priveliges that normal bar staff take for granted. Such as access to a toilet,"

Alice was panting and sweating in desperation, her hands clamped to her crotch. 'What the hell was in that drink?' she thought to herself again. She looked Cara right in the eye and nodded slowly.

Cara continued, "£100 an hour, a few days a week you could be taking home £120,000 a year. Tax free of course. We will pay you in cash. It's best not to have the government aware of our 'situation'. Toilet access is a mandatory right according to them. They have very little imagination." she shook her head dismissively. "So, are you interested?"

Alice tried to straighten up, to look professional, to look anything other than a 22 year old woman about to pee her pants, but as she did another leak forced its way out. She could feel her fingers getting damp and sliding against each other as she writhed in agony.

"Y..Y... Y..." Alice panted, screwed her eyes shut. "Yes!" she finally managed to say, almost shouting it because her body was so tense. £120,000 tax free per year. That was more than she could ever hope to earn in her life!

"Then we have one final test for you" breathed Rachel, kissing the words as they came out of her mouth. Alice found herself wanting to touch those soft lips.

"You have to make us a drink" Said Sophie.

"Any drink, your choice" added Cara. "Downstairs in the bar. We need to know you can pour drinks without peeing yourself"

"B...But I...I'm about t...to pee myself right here!" Alice breathed. "aaahh" She let out a little moan as her bladder muscles contracted and another trickle of pee leaked out, making its way to her wriggling butt and pooling there. "My p...pp pants are already wet!"

"Then we'd better hurry. If one drop of pee hits the floor, I'm afraid I can't give you the job" Cara stood up and the others followed, leaving Alice sitting in her pee. As she walked past Alice noticed Rachel wriggle her butt slightly and clench her fists. It barely registered in the poor desperate girl's mind but she would think about it a lot later that day.

With a superhuman effort Alice dragged herself to her feet, bent double with one hand permanently wedged on her desperate, thrusting crotch, soaking wet fingers lost between her shapely, shaking thighs.

"Oh fuck I'm not going to make it" she whimpered as another squirt found its way through her panties and soaked down the back of her new trousers.

Somehow, she made it to the elevator she had come up in, what seemed like a long time ago now. She stumbled in, letting out small yelps and whimpers as Sophie pushed the button which said "Omo", the doors closed and they descended into the basement. As the doors opened, even in her desperate state, Alice was impressed. The place seemed to be cut into solid rock. There were alcoves and hidden tables all over the place, booths and jacuzzis and curtained off areas. It had the impression of a James Bond villain's lair, but more hospitable. It seemed like anywhere you could go there would be private, and the possibilities were endless. And in the centre of it all was the bar. A perfectly round, glass structure through which ran the pipes for the beer and behind which there were thousands of different spirits, bottles of unknown liquids that sparkled and glittered in the hundreds of little lights around it. It looked like a giant diamond.

Alice lurched towards it, determined to get this job and not have to worry about money any more. Her bladder was screaming at her and every step she took was torture. Her hand was so wet and slick now that she was struggling to keep it in place as she moved behind the bar. "Uuuuh fuck fuck" she muttered as she fought with all her strength not to pee.

Cara and Sophie took their seats at the bar and Alice realised that she was going to have to stand up straight in order to make any drinks. She let out a little squeak and bit her lip so hard that it brought tears to her eyes. If anyone had been in the bar they wouldn't have missed a thing thanks to the glass bar revealing the jumping, writhing legs bouncing around in their tight black trousers.

Alice dimly realised that Rachel had disappeared but was too strained and desperate to think anything of it. She tried again to stand up but it felt like her bladder was going to explode. Her whole body was shaking and she was letting out involuntary little moans as she danced furiously on the spot, her lower half damp and slippery.

'I have to get these damn tight trousers off my bladder' she thought to herself. 'If I don't I'm going to piss all over myself and this bar'

With her free hand, she gingerly reached across and tried to undo the button. Momentarily this meant actually tightening her waistband to get enough slack to undo the button. Her hand brushed her bladder and it sent an electrical shock through her. "Shiiiiiiiiit" she squealed as the button pinged open. "Oh shit oh shit oh shit I'm about to pee"

She straightened up and felt another leak make its way out of her tortured pee hole. "Oh god just five more minutes" she said over and over as she clattered around the bar with one hand. She moved her right hand from the outside of her trousers to inside her panties, pressing directly on her pee hole and vagina, her palm pressing on her neatly shaved pubic hair. Somewhere in the back of her mind she was surprised to find herself quite aroused, but she had no time for that. Her whole body was shaking and she was starting to feel tingles all over her body that were the signs of her muscles weakening.

She grabbed a bottle of gin and slammed it on the bar. "F.. ff.. fuck" she could feel her bladder giving up, her pee felt like it was right at the end of her urethra, like it had used up all the space in her bladder and now it was filling up right to the end. She poured three shots of gin into a mixer and grabbed for the vermouth. Just as she reached for it, she let out another leak. With no panties or trousers in the way now she felt the force of the pee push into her fingers. The feeling of running water made her want to pee, if possible, even more.

"Aaaaahhh" she screamed as she desperately clenched herself closed. Her legs and arms were shaking frantically and the fingers on her right hand were aching badly from the constant pressure they were putting on her crotch.

The vermouth went in to the mixer, and somehow a splash of orange bitters made its way in too. She slammed the top on and then paused. "Oh... fuck." she gasped between ragged breaths. 'I need two hands to shake this thing'

Her bladder gave another spasm. "Aaahhh shit shit shit I am so close to peeing myself" Alice muttered under her breath.

She briefly looked up at Cara and Sophie. They were gazing at her with ther mouths slightly open, a small smile painted on their lips.

Alice was so close. She had made the drinks, they just needed shaking but there was absolutely no way she could let go of her crotch without immediately peeing. There was nothing else standing in the way of a complete pee explosion but her right hand. She was going to fail.

Just as this realisation had hit her, a soft voice right behind her ear said "Maybe I can help you with that."

Rachel reached around Alice from behind, her hand slowly caressing Alice's writhing form until it found its way to her crotch. Alice almost peed right then from the surprise. She has never been touched down there by a woman before. In fact, she had never been touched that way by anyone. It felt light lighning was shooting between her legs. If she hadn't been so soaking wet already she would have expected to be wet after that touch. Rachel's hand was pushing down on Alice's right hand, putting even more pressure on her crotch.

"Go ahead, move your hand" Rachel breathed seductively. "I got you".

Alice slowly removed her hand. Legs bouncing, scissoring and wriggling, she was aware that Rachel was also doing her own wriggling right behind her, stepping from foot to foot. Nothing like as desperately last-resort as Alice, but there was no mistaking that Rachel had to pee too.

With her hand free and Rachel's warm hand between her legs, Alice grabbed the shaker. Having another woman's hand on her pussy was something she never thought would happen, certainly not at a job interview! But here she was, and Rachel's hand on her soaking wet and wriggling crotch was the only way she was going to get this job.

She shook the cocktail shaker like a pro, despite having another woman pressed against her back. But like a pro, she did it with muscle memory without thinking about doing it a little softer on account of her desperation. The final shake was too much for her bladder.

"No, no, noooo" Alice cried as she started peeing, the pressure in her poor tired bladder finally too much. Instinctively, her hand shot back to her crotch and found Rachel's hand already there, being sprayed with pee so powerful Alice would never have thought it possible. It flooded out of her for what seemed like minutes, covering both women's hands, spraying on to the bar and soaking Alice's new black trousers so they looked and felt like they had been submerged in the ocean.

The release felt like ecstasy to Alice, who panted steadily, in complete bliss and totally lost in the feeling of release and of Rachel's hand still stuck between her legs.

When it finally stopped, Alice looked sheepishly up. "Look, I..."

Cara held up her hand.

"But..."

Cara silenced her again. "When I said 'a drink', a coke would have been fine"

Alice felt stupid. A coke would have taken all of 10 seconds to pour. She could have done that no problem. Now she had failed the test because she chose to make a damn Martini.

"But," Cara said, and Alice looked up at her hopefully, "I have never seen such an incredible desperate display." She smiled. "And I think it's safe to say that Rachel agrees!"

Alice slowly turned. Rachel's hand was still pressed against Alice's vagina, but her other hand was in her own panties, her dress hitched halfway up, revealing some incredibly small lace white panties with a tiny, trimmed strip of blonde hair poking out. As Alice turned, Rachel was panting and the white lace suddenly darkened as Rachel started peeing forcefully into them, eyes closed in ecstasy.

The sight of this gorgeous woman touching herself, peeing whilst still touching Alice's own pussy reminded her how erotic she had found the whole experience. The lightning between her legs shot through her again.

"So," Cara continued, seemingly unaffected by her colleague masturbating and peeing infront of her, "Despite the fact that you technically failed the final test, we would like to offer you the job anyway, if you're still interested?"

Alice was blown away by how quickly the woman had brought the whole situation back to a mundane job interview, despite what Rachel was still doing right next to her.

Alice turned back to face Cara, just as Rachel let out a long, loud shout of pleasure and grabbed hard at Alice's crotch as her orgasm took over.

Alice smiled. "I'll take it."

To be continued... (If you like it)

*009*2018-05-31 22:47

Thanks for the positive feedback everyone! Im working on the second installment and have a few more ideas for the future too.

Thanks for the support!

$

