Go Before You Battle

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2020-04-02 23:15

The setting: Station Square

Sonic, Amy, Tails, Knuckles, Shadow, and Rouge had spent the day hanging out with each other. It was a hot and sunny day, so they all had been doing their best to stay hydrated.

They had decided to end the day by going to the movie theater to watch the new Sonic movie. Like smart people, everybody had went to the bathroom before the movie started. All but Sonic, who said that he didn't need to go. Now the movie was over, and everybody was ready to go home.

"That was a great movie." Amy giggled as she replayed some scenes in her head.

"Sure was. Jim Carey made a great Eggman!" Sonic laughed, rubbing his legs together a bit. During the movie, Sonic had drank a large coca-cola all to himself, and that, along with the water he's been drinking all day, was starting to catch up with his bladder real fast.

Knuckles saw Sonic's squirming and smirked. "Gotta go, hedgehog?"

Sonic blushed and chuckled nervously. "Heh, maybe a little." He admitted.

"It's about time, I swear you have a bladder of steel. I'm jealous." Shadow smirked, crossing his arms over his chest. He still remembered his accident during his ceremony. Luckily, nobody ever brought it up again.

"Heh, years of practice." Sonic chuckled. "I could hold it for nearly a day and a half if I didn't drink much."

"But you've been drinking all day." Tails playfully rolled his eyes. "So now all that liquid is catching up to you."

"Yeah."

"Why don't you go use the restroom real quick and then we'll all go home." Rouge encouraged. "It's been a long day."

Sonic nodded. "Yeah, sure." He started heading for the boys restroom in the theater. He was nearly there when suddenly, there was a loud explosion from outside, making the ground shake. People were screaming in terror, and the hedgehog's ear twitched when he heard a familiar evil laugh.

"Eggman!" He hissed, running back to his friends as they ran outside. "Relieving myself is gonna have to wait."

"Are you sure, Sonic?" Amy blinked in concern. "Why don't you go real quick while we fight him until you get back?"

"No way, I can hold it." Sonic shook his head, squeezing his legs together a bit. "Besides, look at the size of that robot. It's gonna take all of us."

"Don't push yourself, Sonic." Shadow warned him. He didn't want the blue hedgehog to go through the same thing he did.

"I'll be fine, now let's go." And before anybody else could say a word, Sonic jumped off to battle.

The battle went on longer than they usually do. This robot was much stronger than Eggman's usual ones. It also seemed to resemble the robot from The Incredibles, with it's round shape and it's eight clawed tentacles. With each minute that went by, Sonic's bladder started getting weaker and weaker. He was becoming desperate, both in wanting to stop this robot before it hurt anyone, and needing to use the toilet.

"Eep!" Sonic squeaked, unconsciously pressing his hands between his legs as he felt a leak come out.

"Sonic, go to the bathroom!" Shadow scolded, seeing his friend's desperation.

"I-I'm fine!" Sonic refused, standing up straight and rushing at the robot again.

"That idiot." The ebony hedgehog hissed. However, Shadow wasn't the only one that saw Sonic's moment of weakness.

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAAA!" Eggman laughed, pressing a button on a remote pointed at the robot. "Robot! Grab Sonic!"

"Uh oh." Sonic gasped, his eyes widening as he saw the claws coming towards him.

He tried to dodge out of the way, but they kept coming and each sharp turn made his bladder hurt even worse. More leaks came out, wetting his legs a bit and causing him to go slower. At last, two pairs of claws grabbed him by his legs and pulled him. The pull made the hedgehog fall and hit the back of his head against the concrete, hard. Sonic saw stars in his vision as he heard a sickening crack. He was sure he had a concussion now.

"HA! I got you now, Sonic." Eggman sneered as the robot held Sonic up in the air upside down by his legs. He smirked as he noticed the hedgehog trying oh so desperately to keep his legs together. "What's the matter, hedgehog? Something wrong with your legs?"

"No, of course not!" Sonic hissed back.

"Really? Then I guess you wouldn't mind if I opened them a little?!" The evil man laughed as he pressed another button, making the robot begin to slowly force Sonic's legs open.

"No, no, no, no, no!" Sonic gasped, trying desperately to close his legs again. Keeping them closed was the only thing that was preventing him from wetting himself, and being in this position would make it even worse.

He tried his hardest to pull his legs closed against the claws of the robot, but each pull closed made the robot open them wider each time. Sonic's body was shaking. The leaks coming out of his bladder started getting bigger.

"AAAAAHHH!" He cried out. He couldn't hold it anymore.

A loud hissing sound came from between Sonic's legs. Urine started falling down his body like a golden fountain, completely soaking his upper body. Sonic watched in shame and horror as the droplets fell passed his head, extremely close to his face. His face turned red and tears fell from his eyes. And the whole time he was wetting himself, Eggman was laughing his ass off.

"OH HO! Look at the Hero of Möbius now!" The man sneered. "Wetting himself like a small child! How priceless!"

Sonic's bottom lip quivered as his bladder continued to empty, and completely against his will, he let out a loud sorrowfilled wail.

Suddenly, the robot exploded, sending bits and pieces of metal and steel everywhere. The claws dropped the peeing hedgehog, making him hit his head again. If he didn't have a concussion before, he definitely had one now.

Sonic sniffed and sat up, wiping his tears away as he saw Shadow jump off of the broken robot and onto Eggman's Egg Carrier. He punched the human in the face, breaking his nose and distracting him long enough to reach in and rip a few important wires out. Once he did that, he jumped off of the ship, watching it as Eggman lost control and crashed to the ground.

Eggman growled as he crawled out of the wreckage. He dusted himself off, and then froze when he saw the angry black and red hedgehog in front of him. "Uh... hello, Shadow."

Shadow sneered and grabbed him by his mustache, pulling him close to his face. "Get out of here... now."

Eggman nodded quickly and ran away as soon as Shadow let go of his facial hair, squealing like a little girl as he did so.

Sonic sniffed again and tried to get up, but his head was swimming and his legs felt weak. He fell back to the ground, splashing a little urine around him.

"Sonic!" He looked over and blushed when he saw his friends running up to him, all looking extremely worried. They knelt down beside him, but none were willing to touch his wet body to comfort him. This made Sonic cry some more.

"Oh Sonic." Amy cooed, petting his head, the only thing that wasn't wet. "It's ok. Don't cry. Accidents happen."

"I'm sorry guys." Sonic whimpered. "I should've listened to you all. I'm so sorry."

"You have nothing to be sorry about." Shadow frowned, coming up to them. "It's just an accident. They happen." Seeing the large bump on the back of Sonic's head, and knowing that nobody else was gonna do it, he knelt down and gently picked Sonic up in a bridal style.

"Shadow?" Sonic sniffed, surprised that the ebony hedgehog was willing to carry him, even though he was wet with urine.

"It's ok. I don't mind. It's not like haven't been covered in urine before." Shadow smiled warmly. "Besides, you have a concussion. I don't think you should be walking for a while."

Sonic gave a small smile and shyly nuzzled into his chest, a few more tears running down his cheeks in happiness. Sonic had comforted Shadow when he had his accident. Now Shadow was returning the favor. "Thank you, Shadow."

"It's no problem. Come on everybody. Let's go home."

The End

