Ally’s Close Call

Author: sammilove

*000*2020-05-07 21:25

Ally has dreamed of this day for as long as she could remember. She was finally starting her new career as a Pharmacist. She had spent the last 4 years as a Pharmacy Technician while she finished her degree. She was so proud. All those long days and nights with little sleep after work had finally paid off. She did it.

Ally was very small framed girl, coming in at 5’1 and 100lbs soaking wet. At only 25 years old, she was one of the youngest pharmacists in the county. And with that title, comes mistrust and disregard for her opinion even with her 4.1 GPA.

However young she was, she still had the trust of her boss, Emily. She was the person who originally hired her on to the pharmacy team. No references whatsoever regarding this kind of work, but she had faith. She even had decided to let her become the main closing Pharmacist at the store.

The dress code for Pharmacists was pretty strict.

- Any solid colored shoe

- Black pants, preferably dress pants

- A solid colored shirt

- The trademarked company vest all employees must wear.

Ally had read this over many times before but she wanted to be sure she was dressed appropriately for her first official day. She had decided on her bright red flats as they were the most comfortable dress shoes she owned. She opened her drawer and pulled out her favorite pair of dress slacks. The same ones she wore to her graduation. And to top it all off, a solid blue dress shirt.

She dug thru her make-up drawer to find her grandmothers earrings. They were her favorite. They were very pretty blue pearl. She wanted to look her best today.

*ring*

It was her boss, Emily calling. Emily never called unless it was dire.

“Hey Emily! Is everything okay?” Asked Ally.

“No, I need you to come in now. I’ve got a family emergency and I have to leave. Sorry to do this to you on Day 1.” Said Emily.

“No no it’s fine! I can be there in 10-15 minutes depending on traffic.”

“Please hurry.”

Ally hung up the phone and sighed. She hadn’t even had her morning coffee yet. She checked her watch. 10:15 am. She grabbed her purse and hurried out the door. For whatever reason, she was feeling incredibly anxious all of a sudden.

She took a deep breath, checked her hair in the mirror. Her hair was a wreck. She hadn’t had time to do it this morning. She twirled it with her fingers while she was driving. She finally pulled up to work, threw her hair in a ponytail, and went in to work.

“Ally! I’m so glad to see you!! I’m really sorry about this but I have to leave. My son broke his leg and is at the ER now.” Exclaimed Emily.

“No no no it’s fine! Go be with your son. He needs you! I can handle this. Just one thing before you go, did you need me until 10 still?” Asked Ally.

“No, Antonio will be here at 1pm. Just leave at 8. He can close tonight. None of the Techs have called in so the schedule should be good. It has been slowly picking up but nothing crazy. If you need anything, please call!” Stated Emily as she gathered her things and left.

Ally sighed and got to work. Emily was right, it was picking up. She had been on the phone with insurance companies for the past hour already and it was only noon. She was dying of thirst but couldn’t take a break until Antonio came in at 1. She asked one of the techs if they would get her a large water and a Red Bull on their break.

Fifteen minutes later, the tech returned with a 1L SmartWater and a 16oz Red Bull. Ally offered to pay them but they generously said no. They were already trying to butter up their new boss. But for what, She hadn’t the slightest clue.

She didn’t care though, she needed water now. She quickly took the bottle and drank almost 1/3 of it right away. “Ahhh, much better” she muttered to herself. She put the Red Bull with her purse and was going to save it for her lunch. Over the next hour, she had consumed the entire water and was strongly considering another one. She figured it would be best to not do that right away.

Ally had always thought she had a strong bladder. She had never considered the possibility she just hadn’t ever been fully hydrated. Because about 20 minutes after finishing the water, she needed to pee and the urge was only getting worse the longer she waited. Antonio was there now so she decided to excuse herself to break. The main priority, go pee. Then get a snack to hold her hunger off until lunch. She remembered that she hadn’t eaten anything at all today.

By the end of the 15 minute break, she needed to pee again. She was running short on time but made herself go pee instead of be back on time after break. She quickly walked to the bathroom only to find it closed for cleaning. “Dammit.” She whispered. She had to go worse by the second. She decided to try the other restroom in the back of the building. She double-timed it back there, only to find a small line. “Ugh...come on I gotta go..” she whispered to herself. She crossed and uncrossed her legs a few times as she waited patiently. The line moved pretty quickly and she was in and out in less than 5 minutes. As she returned to the pharmacy, she wondered why she had to pee so badly so quickly. Maybe her bladder was smaller than she thought.

As she returned to the pharmacy, she was greeted by the famous “Where have you been??” From Antonio.

“It’s been crazy, like as soon as you stepped away we got hit with about 30 new prescriptions to fill and 10 of those have insurance issues. Will you hop on the phone or should I?”

“No, I can. It’s no issue.” Stated Ally. She quickly moved to phone furtherest from the counter as it was the quietest spot. She cracked open her Red Bull and got to work. After about 45 minutes, she had finished it. She began sipping on her next water. She hated the phone as she was always stuck on it, especially now since she was the “new girl” and she was too nice to say no. Especially to her very attractive co-worker.

After about an hour and half on the phone, she was almost caught up. She felt sudden urge to pee as she got on the last call. She didn’t realize she had drank almost all of the water plus the Red Bull. No wonder she had to pee. She glanced at the clock. 30 minutes until we close for lunch. “Surely I can wait.” She mumbled to herself. But her need was growing stronger by the second.

After about 10 minutes, she was second guessing herself. She really had to go. She was trying her best to hold her composure. The water was hitting hard thanks to the caffeine. Her bladder was aching. She did a quick little pee dance when she thought no one was looking but Antonio caught her.

“You good Ally?”

“Huh? Oh yeah, I’m great. I’ve gotta pee so bad. I can’t wait for us to close.”

“Hah, well it’s only 15 minutes away. If you want, you can go whenever you finish that call.”

“That sounds like heaven! You sure you don’t mind?”

“Yeah, I’ve got it. No different than when you were a tech still.”

“Okay, you’re the best!”

Ally prayed this call would end soon. She had been on hold for 5 minutes already. The insurance companies loved to take their sweet time answering disputes. She was starting to sweat. Her bladder was screaming now. Thank goodness she chose the secluded phone because she was doing everything she could to hold it back. She was sitting on the edge of the stool with her heel propping her up. It was helping her stay comfortable and seemed to help with her bladder emergency.

Her face was flustered. This was not good. She didn’t even know if she could make it to the bathroom now. Her watch said 2:55. Only 5 minutes to close. But that depended on the phone now. Finally, they gave her an answer. They needed more information from the doctors office. She typed that into the patient notes and was going to deal with it after lunch. She slammed the phone down. She did a quick pee dance while she gathered her things into her bag, and she ran out the door to find relief.

She was walking as fast as she could. It took all of her strength to not have an accident in the middle of the store. She couldn’t. She’d potentially lose her job. “Oh no!!!” She whispered to herself as a jolt of pee escaped. She stopped dead in her tracks and crossed her legs as tight as she could. She balled her fist and pressed hard into her thigh as she bent over slightly. Control returned after less than a second. This can’t be happening. I’m gonna explode less than 100 feet from relief. She continued onward.

She had never felt this before. Adrenaline was now fueling her strength. Her heart was pounding. Another spurt escaped. This one much stronger. She was gonna explode. Her eyes began to tear up. “No! No! No! No! No! Not here, not here. Fuck. Get it together Ally.” She told her self. She regained control and started walking again. She was in front of the door when another spurt escaped. Again, much larger than before. She threw hand into her crotch to try to stop the potential torrent of piss from running down her legs. But she made it to the bathroom.

She hobbled into the first available stall. She was now dancing ferociously as she tried to unbutton her pants. After a second, it tore open, button flying against the stall door. She yanked down her pants and undies as quick as physically possible. A long spurt of pee shot out and on her pants as she sat down.

It sounded like a jet engine was in the stall with her. Her bladder shoved every ounce of pee it had out at record speed. Ally sighed in relief. She leaned her head against the stall wall, panting in relief. “Holy crappp...holy crap. That just happened. THAT really just fucking happened.” She said wearily to herself. Her body trembled. She was exhausted.

Ally sat for a minute, trying to gather herself. Her underwear was soaked in pee. She couldn’t tell the damage to her pants yet. She was too shocked to move still. She tried to pee some more before she stood up. And more pee came out. How much did she actually retain from the water and how much of it went straight to her bladder?

She finally got up from the toilet. She pulled her pants up and immediately felt a damp spot. No. That can’t be there. She slowly exited the stall, making sure she was alone. She walked over to the mirror to inspect herself. Her butt was damp and there was a softball sized wet patch in the front.

She stood there, angry AND delighted. This was a new experience for her and as embarrassed as she was, she enjoyed it. She had no idea what she would do but she knew one thing was for sure, she was going to document it. Pictures and notes of how much she drank and how long she held before it was almost too late. She figured it would help to evaluate her bladder size so she could avoid this in the future. She also wanted pictures of the damage done.

From a very early age, Ally had heard of people holding their pee for enjoyment. Her first high school boyfriend was into it. They had never experimented with it though. Countless hours were spent researching it but she never really understood it until now. It was a rush. She was hooked. It was such a sensual experience.

Ally slowly exited the bathroom. Her work vest hung low enough to conceal almost all of the damage with just about an inch showing in the front, if you looked super close. Her black pants hid it very well. She took off to the car for new pants and then the break room for lunch.

The rest of the day was uneventful, she only had to pee once before she left. She was incredibly turned on the rest of the day. She still didn’t seem to really understand it, but she wanted more. She arrived home, her undies still damp from pee. Or so she thought. Just then, a text from her boss. “How was your first day? I’m so sad I didn’t get to be there with you!” Ally smiled. She couldn’t wait to tell her all about it.

