Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*022*2022-05-17 21:35

Alex was going to the mall without Adam for the first time. It had to be that way; His and Adam’s birthday was coming up soon and Alex wanted to get him a surprise gift. He was worried, he knew the mall would be crowded, and scary to walk through all alone.

But, then it turned out he wasn’t going to be all alone after all. Camille also wanted to get Adam a present, so they could look for gifts together. Even if Alex still wasn’t sure if Camille considered him a friend, her being there would make him feel better.

It was very awkward at first, Alex didn’t know what to say to her when Adam wasn’t around to do all the talking. When Camille asked him questions, he’d give brief, half-sentence answers. Sometimes he’d just shake or nod his head, not saying a word.

“You’re really quiet, you know that?” Camille asked.

Alex, again, silently bobbed his head up and down.

“You wanted to get Adam a guitar, right?” Camille prodded.

More nodding. Alex had intended to get his boyfriend one of those for Christmas, but hadn’t saved up the money until now.

“Well, we should pick that up when we’re about to leave,” Camille said. “That’s a big thing to have to carry around everywhere… You help me pick out something for him first.”

Nod, nod, nod.

“He still has that old record player, right? And it works?”

Nod.

“Okay, maybe there’s like an antique store here or something that’ll sell records… You’ll have to tell me which ones he’s already got. And if we can’t find any records, he’s still into those depressing dystopia books, isn’t he?”

Nod. If Alex could remember how to speak, he’d tell her that the books weren’t ALWAYS depressing, because in a lot of them the good guys won, the evil government was dismantled, and society started to improve.

“Alright, we’ll definitely be able to find books here somewhere. Again, you’ve gotta tell me which ones he’s already read. I can’t keep up with them all. He took you to see a movie based off one of those on one of your first dates, didn’t he?”

She talked so much, and so fast! “Um… Y—Yes,” Alex said. “He did. It was… Actually my idea. He loaned me the book, and it was about this really strict city that was trying to keep everyone safe, to make a world where no one ever got hurt or anything. So, there were all these rules everyone always had to follow, but sometimes the rules actually just really hurt people, because it kept them from experiencing important things or from being themselves. And, then you find out that the people who broke even one rule got exiled to the desert outside the city that was full of radiation and stuff… Only then it turns out the outside isn’t actually so dangerous, because there are ways to protect yourself from the toxic things. And… I just… I connected with it a lot.”

Camille laughed, “Finally got you to talk!” she said. “About time… So, did Adam like it too?”

“Yeah, but not as much as me,” Alex said. “And that date was my first time seeing a movie in an actual theater, too. So, it was really exciting— I hadn’t known it would be so loud, though!”

“So, you would have been… Seventeen when this happened?”

“Yeah, either seventeen or eighteen,” Alex nodded.

Camille tried to imagine being a seventeen year old that had never set foot in a movie theater before… She couldn’t do it. “Was it fun for you?”

“Yeah…” Alex said. And it had been. He’d watched one of his favorite books be brought to life, he’d gotten to experience something completely new, and Adam had held his hand the entire time… It had been a wonderful day. Except, at the end of the movie, he’d really needed a toilet break— Not only had he been surprised by how high the volume is in a movie theater, the size of the drinks had been a shock as well. And the massive soda he’d drained had screamed to come out the moment he’d stood from his seat.

At that time though, he’d been so obsessed with making Adam think he was cool that he didn’t say a word. If he’d said he needed to go, he would have had to add how scared public restrooms made him feel and that he didn’t want to do it alone. He was convinced Adam would think he was incredibly uncool if he did that. It didn’t even cross his mind that Adam would surely UNDERSTAND his feelings.

Alex had also still been living with his Mom and Grandmother at the time, too, resulting in him enduring a long ride back home. But, he lucked out; He made it home dry and none of his siblings were in the restroom when he’d rushed for it. He remembered how grateful he was for his STP then, as he’d barely even managed to unzip quickly enough— If he’d needed to pull his clothing down all the way and sit, he would have had an accident for sure!

He was glad that he didn’t have nearly as much trouble asking Adam to come along when he had to pee these days. So long as Adam was around, he knew he could safely relieve himself.

“Alex?” Camille asked. “What are you thinking about?”

“N—Nothing,” Alex said, blushing. “Sorry…”

“Well, do you want to get something to eat before we look around?”

“Um, yeah. Sure,” Alex said. “We can do that.”

In the food court, Camille didn’t order for Alex like Adam always did, and he was too embarrassed to ask for her to. He stumbled over his words as he told the man at the counter what he wanted to eat. He was sure the guy probably thought he had something wrong with him, his voice all wobbly and tiny, like he’d never spoken before.

Alex wished he could talk to new people better. He wished that speaking to someone he’d never seen before wasn’t so scary, didn’t make tight bands constrict around his throat… He tried to avoid further speaking struggles when he and Camille found a table by making sure his mouth was always full. Once he was out of food, he just kept sipping from his soda cup even though he didn’t feel that thirsty. He just needed something else to do with his mouth.

Camille kept telling him to calm down, told him he didn’t have to be so nervous, told him he was shaking too much… But, Alex couldn’t stop feeling anxious; Adam wasn’t here to put him at ease. Adam wasn’t here to do all the talking for him if he clammed up. Adam wasn’t here to—

Alex’s straw was no longer sucking up any liquid, and as he realized that he’d just guzzled a very large soda, it hit him that Adam also wasn’t here to take him to the restroom.

Did he have to go? Yes, a little bit… He hadn’t peed since before leaving the apartment, and there was definitely some pressure now. It wasn’t bad, but it was noticeable. And with the addition of that massive soda, it was guaranteed to get a lot worse before long. He shuffled in his seat slightly, peering around. There were bathrooms next to the food court, tucked away in a corner. But, they looked pretty busy, people entering and exiting… People Alex didn’t know. People that could decide to act meanly to him if they thought he didn’t belong. Especially if he didn’t have someone by his side.

Adding to Alex’s fear was the knowledge that THIS was where Adam had been when those guys had beaten him up. This was the exact place where that awful thing had happened and so, in Alex’s eyes, the bathrooms here were far less safe than anywhere else.

‘Calm down,’ he scolded himself. ‘You barely even need to go. You can make it home without peeing just fine.’

“Alex…?” Camille asked. “Is something bothering you?”

“Um…”

“I know, you don’t feel right when you’re separated from Adam, huh?”

Alex shook his head. He didn’t. He really, really didn’t… And he swore that he already needed to pee worse than he had a minute ago. ‘Don’t think about it. Just forget about peeing. Peeing doesn’t exist. Peeing is a myth.’ But, no matter how hard he tried, the anxious tingles inside his bladder refused to fade away. ‘This is ridiculous! You don’t need to go that much!’ It was like his stress was making his urge build, though. The more he thought about how he DIDN’T want to need to pee right now, the more certain his bladder got that it REALLY had to be emptied!

“Just… It’s okay,” Camille said. “It’s not like you’re alone here. I’m with you.”

Alex nodded. She was right, he wasn’t completely by himself. He knew he’d be even more anxious if that were the case. ‘She can’t take you to the men’s room though,’ his traitorous brain reminded him. And that was true, too. Even if he told her that he needed to go, and his bladder was continuing to insist that he DID, there was nothing she could do for him.

The best thing Alex could do for himself right now was to simply ignore the growing pressure beneath his waistband and tell his body that he didn’t really need to pee. It was too inconvenient to have a full bladder at the moment, so that meant he just… Didn’t have one. Simple as that.

The reasoning was ridiculous, and his bladder punished him for it when he stood from his chair, a long pulsing throb shooting straight through his abdomen. He gave a tiny bounce on his toes, repeating a mantra in his head ‘I don’t need to go, I don’t need to go, I don’t need to go…’ A hearty thrum shook his bladder every few seconds, as if it was protesting ‘Yes you DO, yes you DO, yes you DO!’

As he and Camille began to explore the mall again, Alex struggled to put all thoughts of urinating from his mind, fully aware that his constant focus on the subject was only making his situation worse. The problem was that the harder he tried NOT to think about something, the more it became the ONLY thing on his brain.

When they passed by a shop with a series of mannequins wearing different outfits, Alex stared at the zippers on the pants and instantly thought about unzipping his own in front of a urinal. When they walked by a sporting goods store, Alex thought about swimming, and that day he’d relieved his bladder into the pool. When they passed the enormous fountain in the mall’s center, Alex stopped cold, his legs snapping together as his thighs trembled. Oh, so much water… Hissing, spurting… Spraying out in long, powerful jets… Alex’s knees rubbed together.

Camille noticed Alex slowing and turned around. He was so shaky, like he barely knew how to put one foot in front of the other… She knew she had said some stupid things to him the first time they’d met, but she hadn’t meant to make him so uncomfortable around her. “Alex?” she asked. “You okay?”

Alex looked up at her, and his one-track mind made him think back to the big soda SHE’D had. Maybe she had to pee now, too? At that thought, a somewhat more optimistic one followed; Camille would probably UNDERSTAND, wouldn’t she? She’d get why Alex was scared to use the toilet here alone. If he told her, she may even say something like “Oh, that makes sense. Come on, I think there’s an empty bottle in my car. You can go in that instead.” And then Alex wouldn’t have to worry about this anymore.

He just had to tell her, that was all…

He just… Had to tell her…

“…Actually,” Alex managed, his voice creaking. His face was on fire now. ‘Come on, just say you need to pee!’ he mentally screamed at himself. It shouldn’t have been so hard, it should have been perfectly easy to grant a voice to the uncomfortable pinching rippling through his lower half. “I…” his voice got softer. “I…I need to…”

“Hm?”

“I’m fine,” Alex blurted out instead. “Nothing is wrong. I just miss Adam. That’s all.” ‘Tell her you miss him even more because you have to go!’ his bladder begged. But, what came out of his mouth was “L—Let’s go to the bookstore now. I think that was th— the best idea you had.”

Camille gave him an odd look, “Do you need to sit down for a minute? There’s benches by the fountai—“

“No!” Alex interrupted, being forced to sit beside all that water was the LAST thing he needed! His bladder was cramping in on itself just at the thought! “S—Sorry, I just… Um…” he scrambled to come up with an explanation through the hazy fog of his still building need. “I w—wanna make sure that… Um… That they don’t run out of books Adam would like. We should hurry.”

“…Okay,” Camille said. “If you’re sure you’re feeling alright.”

Alex nodded. He was fine. He was perfectly fine. The heavy sensation in his middle had gotten so much worse, and now he could feel it pulling down against his opening, his thighs squeezing in an attempt to lessen it, even if only a little. ‘I don’t need to go,’ he continued telling himself. ‘I don’t need to go. I really, really don’t. I don’t have to pee at all. I don’t have to. Don’t have to. Don’t have to.’

He trudged after Camille, trying to ignore the way each step against the shiny linoleum floor sent an earthquake through his bladder, making the liquid inside toss and turn with reckless abandon. ‘I don’t have to go. I can hold it— I— I mean, there’s nothing to hold. Because I don’t have to go. Don’t need to pee.’ Each mental denial seemed to dump another cupful of pee into his bladder, the achey tingle that had built up at his urethral opening solidifying into a much, much harsher throbbing pain.

 He was so lost in his futile internal protestations against the simmering needs of his body that he didn’t realize how much trouble he was really in until Camille had already started climbing the staircase in front of them.

The bookstore was on the next floor.

Alex glanced back and forth, searching for an elevator he could take instead. He didn’t see one, they must have been in another area, and Alex couldn’t come up with an excuse to go looking. He was going to have to try and get up the stairs. Swinging his hands at his sides anxiously, Alex forced himself to place one foot down on the first step—

‘Ahh! I need to go! I need to go! I really, really, really need to go!’ Alex mentally shrieked as a fire lit itself in the sole of his foot, spread up his leg and torched his bladder. ‘I need to go! I have to!’ his brain kept screaming as he fought to continue climbing the steps, each one causing him to breathe heavier and heavier as pee lurched against his opening and begged for release— Ohhh, climbing stairs was the absolute hardest thing for Alex to do when he was desperate— Desperate, desperate, he was getting so, so desperate…

Camille was waiting for him at the top of the staircase and she was startled by how sweaty and winded he looked. Alex had… He’d done a lot of farm work and stuff at the old place, a single flight of stairs shouldn’t have seemed like such a work out, right? Was he sick, or something? They’d both eaten the same thing at the food court and SHE didn’t feel sick at all…

Must have STILL been nerves, then.

That was the most likely explanation. Alex was definitely still trembling. A lot. She’d never seen someone so nervous that their shaking looked more like jiggling, but that was certainly the case with Alex! “Alex…” she said gently, hoping to settle him enough that he stopped all the bouncing. “Calm down. I DO want to be your friend, I promise. Stop worrying about that.”

Alex COULDN’T stop all the bouncing, though. No matter WHAT Camille said to him. ‘She… She wants to be your friend. And she’ll probably understand!’ he begged himself. ‘Just tell her that you need to go, maybe she can help!’

“I—“ Alex struggled. ‘Just. Say. It. Say it now. Say that you need to pee!’ “I need—“ ‘Come on, come on… Bathroom. Now. PLEASE!’ “I want— I… I want us to be friends!” he finished instead.

“I want that too,” Camille said. “Now, come on. Help me find a book for Adam.”

‘And I also need to pee, RIGHT now!’ Alex pleaded with his mouth and vocal cords to form those words, but just as his kidneys were refusing to stop pumping his bladder full of urine, his mouth refused to open and give life to the things he yearned to say.

Alex felt slightly better now that he wasn’t being forced to climb stairs, but his bladder was still utterly bloated and he was beginning to seriously doubt his ability to make it home with dry clothes. First, they had to find a book, pay for it, then go get the guitar, pay for that… Then Camille would have to drive him home, and there would be MORE stairs after that to get to his apartment, he’d have to unlock the door, get TO the bathroom, unzip… His bladder shuddered, that would all take SO long, and it wanted to be allowed to relax NOW.

 Alex was more nervous than ever when they got to the bookstore; the floor inside of it was carpeted, and he couldn’t stop imagining himself creating a huge puddle that soaked down deep through all the material. He couldn’t stop imagining that the carpet would be ruined after that, and they’d have to pull it all out and replace it, then Alex would be made to pay for it with all the money he’d saved for Adam’s guitar.

‘That’s not going to happen,’ Alex promised himself. He wasn’t going to pee his pants. He hadn’t even sprung a leak yet. He was holding it. He was containing all of it perfectly fine. Just so long as he didn’t stay still for too long, his urine would remain where it belonged. He’d be fine.

But, he definitely couldn’t stay still anymore. His hips twisted constantly, his hands ran through his hair in an effort to keep them away from his crotch. He’d lean to one side for a moment and feel a little better, then the awful pressure would ramp up again and he’d shift his weight in the other direction to alleviate it, back and forth, over and over… He had to go so much!

He trailed after Camille through the aisles of bookshelves, taking teeny puffs of air as even the mere act of breathing was causing his poor bladder to feel even more bloated. His knees rubbed together nonstop, making his gait very slow and clumsy as he forced himself to keep moving in a direction that he knew wasn’t going to lead him to the toilet he needed so badly.

Camille selected a book from one of the shelves, turned around and showed it to Alex. “How’s this one?” she asked.

Alex stared at the cover, but its title looked blurry as desperation frayed his vision. He found himself needing to stare at it and take in each letter individually like he would have done when he was little and first learning how to read. He struggled to recall if Adam had read that book before or not, he struggled to recall anything other than the pee he’d taken before leaving his apartment that morning!

“Uh— Um…” Alex bobbed up and down so fast he was sure he must have been a blur to Camille. “Wh—What’s it about?” He’d be able to remember Adam telling him the plot if he’d read it before.

“It’s…” Camille trailed off. “Alex, please try not to be so anxious… I—“ she paused. “Um, hugs make you feel better, right?”

They did usually, but Alex wasn’t sure if a hug would feel that good right now. Still, Camille wanted to be his friend! What if she thought he didn’t like her if he said no? He nodded.

Camille held him tightly. Way, way too tightly, squeezing him in around his middle. For a terrifyingly long moment, Alex was convinced that he was going to pee all over himself, Camille, and the nice carpeted floor…

“O— Okay, I feel a little better now!” Alex lied, and Camille let go.

She read him the synopsis on the back of the book, it had something to do with a massive water shortage caused by global warming, leading to everyone struggling to survive— Alex wanted to jump into the book and tell them not to worry, because HE was full of enough water right now to make up for even the longest drought…

Adam definitely hadn’t read it before though, Alex knew he would have talked about it if he had. “Y—Yeah, that one’s good. He’ll like it,” he said.

They went to the counter to pay for the book, and Alex’s legs stayed crossed the entire time. Sweat rolled down his back in cold sheets. ‘You got the first thing over with,’ he told himself. ‘One step closer to peeing.’ But that first step wasn’t enough to satisfy his bladder, it wanted him to already be at the finish line, his zipper down and standing at the toilet letting everything flow out of him. The pinchy sensation at his opening now felt warmer and more electrified, pulsing violently every other second like a blaring alarm.

An ache bloomed white hot in his pelvic region, a rippling agony tearing through him that was immediately followed by a short burst of wetness and heat in between his trembling thighs. And then another. And another. Tiny, dribbly little leaks that brought him absolutely no relief, but which he also could not stop. Every few seconds, another little bit of pee would spurt out of him, the area between his legs growing warmer and damper as more and more fluid was forcibly ejected from his body. He gave up and finally held himself, cringing at the slick feeling beneath his palms that told him his leakage was probably becoming visible.

Gripping himself brought him a bit of relief, but all too quickly he had to let go. Camille had finished paying and turned back around to face him. He forced his hands away from his groin and was glad when his dripping didn’t instantly resume. It was back under control. For now.

But, how much longer could he possibly go on like this? Making it all the way home without urinating no longer seemed remotely possible for him. One way or another, his bladder was going to be empty by the time he got home. He couldn’t hold it! Even after all that had accidentally come out in his pants, he felt like he was stretched to his limit!

He HAD to tell Camille, he HAD to ask her for help. She’d understand! She NEEDED to understa—

“Can you hold this for a minute?”

No! Alex didn’t have any more minutes left! He couldn’t hold it for a minute! He couldn’t! He—

Camille held out the bag containing Adam’s book, “Just for a minute?” she said. “I have to use the restroom. I’ll be right back.”

Alex took the bag and silently watched as Camille walked down a narrow corridor that must have led to the restrooms. But… Wasn’t she scared to go all by herself like that? What if someone thought she was a man and did something mean to her? Looking at Camille, Alex didn’t know HOW anyone could mistake her for a man… Then again, Alex didn’t know how anyone could think Adam was a girl, yet that had gotten Adam hurt in this very place!

Maybe Camille was just very brave… She had to be. She watched all those scary movies. But, even if those movies terrified Alex, he understood they were only pretend; Cruel people were very real.

But, if Camille apparently wasn’t scared like Alex was, then did that mean she wouldn’t understand his fear after all? Did that mean she would think he was being silly? Did that mean he shouldn’t ask her for help?

It probably did… Better to just hold it.

Except, Alex really couldn’t hold it! As his brain became inundated with the thought of Camille getting the relief he so desperately craved, his bladder began to issue more little dribbles into his pants. Drop by drop, Alex was having an accident right where he stood!

He… He didn’t wanna stand here anymore! He had to move around. He had to move around a lot! He paced back and forth across a tiny section of the floor, he bounced and bounced and bounced. Finally, in a daze, he dragged himself down the same corridor Camille had gone down, and fought back tears at the sight of the men’s room door. He gritted his teeth and tried to will his hands to open it, to grant him access to the thing he needed so, so much…

But, his hands wouldn’t cooperate, one just gripped onto the shopping bag until his knuckles went white, and the other tucked itself right between his tangled legs. ‘I can’t— I can’t wait, I need to— I’m scared—‘ Fear and desperation fought for dominance inside Alex’s head, until he wasn’t sure which was the most responsible for his shaking.

WHY did restrooms even have to be segregated by gender anyway? If they weren’t, Alex wouldn’t have a reason to be scared, he could just run in and pee as much as he wanted! But no, he had to stand out here instead, struggling to hold back his flood, because he couldn’t stop thinking that someone would hurt him if he tried to go. ‘Be brave,’ Alex begged himself. ‘Be brave, like Camille is! Can’t hold it, can’t hold it, can’t—‘

Alex was so caught up in his thoughts that he barely noticed when a man approached him. “Are you in line?” the man asked with a frown, and Alex noticed the same shimmy in the guy’s hips that was present in his own.

“N—No,” Alex managed to choke out through the pain.

The guy stared at him for a moment, then moved through the door Alex needed to enter. ‘He thought you were in line for the men’s,’ Alex scolded himself. ‘That means he didn’t think that you’re a girl. Because you AREN’T. You’ll be okay, even without Adam here. You can do it, you can! Just—‘

The door to the women’s room opened and Camille exited. “Ahh, that’s better. Sorry,” she said to Alex. “Too much soda, I—“ She stopped herself. “Oh, I can hold the bag while you go.”

Alex knew his pee dance was blatantly obvious by that point— He was full-on holding himself now, after all. He still flushed with embarrassment when Camille didn’t even feel the need to ask him whether he had to go or not.

Camille held out her hand, and Alex eagerly gave her the bag… But instead of running in to pee, he just used his newly freed hand to get a better grip on his crotch as he kept writhing around. “I—“

“Alex, don’t worry,” Camille said. “I don’t mind waiting for you. You look like you’re gonna pop.”

“But…” Alex worried at his lip. ‘SHE. WOULD. UNDERSTAND,’ the rational part of his brain screamed, but when he tried to open his mouth to speak, his teeth just gritted together and refused to allow any words out. So, shakily, he made himself enter the restroom. The world tilted and tumbled as he blearily took it in, the only other person here was the guy from earlier, washing his hands at the sink— And, oh how that noise taunted Alex’s poor bladder!

Only one other person… And he wasn’t looking at Alex… It was safe. He could go. He HAD to go. He was going to DIE if he didn’t go! He stumbled to the row of urinals and unzipped himself at the closest one. It was safe. He’d made it. It was time to pee…

There weren’t any dividers between the urinals… And he couldn’t have Adam use the one right next to his like usual… What if someone looked at his… Thing and could tell somehow that it was a prosthetic? Would they be mad? Should he use a stall instead?

Before he could make that decision, the sight of the urinal in front of him, the feeling of his zip being down, and the sound of the sink’s faucet flowing all became far too much for his bladder to take and he began to void violently into his boxers. Panicked, he pulled his cock out and directed his stream into the urinal where it belonged.

 Then, finally, he started to actually feel a little better. “Ahhhh…” he breathed out with a smile as a thick, clear jet of pee sprayed out of him. His shoulders began to sag as he at last let go… Just as his stream increased in speed, the rock hard pressure within him began to dissipate, and shivers started to tingle up his spine, Alex heard the door opening.

And Alex clenched up again in an instant. His stream slowed, becoming weak and dismal, and he made a small whimpering noise as the stinging at his pee-hole returned. Four guys had walked in, and now they were at the urinals too, peeing away, and Alex… Alex’s body just… Shut down. He couldn’t pee anymore, even though his bladder was still, undoubtedly, extremely full.

Alex’s body trembled, the sudden halting of his relief created a horrific pressure below his navel that brought tears to his eyes. “Mmmf,” involuntary noises of displeasure bubbled in the back of Alex’s throat. Why was this happening!? A couple of times when he’d needed to pee, he’d had a little trouble getting it STARTED, but always once he’d begun to go, he’d FINISH. He’d never had it just… Plug up in the middle like this, and it hurt so much! Now, he knew what relief FELT like, and he wanted it back NOW.

Alex was so scared, there were no dividers, someone could look at his junk at any moment and decide it didn’t look ‘right’. His body was behaving very, very strangely, and he was worried he’d held it so long that his bladder was now… Broken somehow; That it would never allow him to empty it out all the way again, and he’d have to feel this desperate forever, only broken up by brief seconds where he’d be able to let a tiny bit flow. He strained hard against his muscles, begging his release to resume, but it wouldn’t. The shivers moving through his back were not from a place of pleasure, but from a place of terror and pain.

Then, he was hit by two more awful thoughts; The other guys at the urinals might NOTICE that he wasn’t peeing and think he had something wrong with him, and Camille was WAITING for him to finish and come back out.

Panicked, burning hot with shame, Alex fumbled himself back into his shorts and zipped up. The button on his shorts dug harshly into his bladder and caused him to cringe as he stumbled to the sinks. He knew he had to wash his hands, but after only a second he had to shut the faucet back off. He couldn’t handle the noise it made, and he definitely couldn’t handle the way it felt against his palms.

Alex dragged himself back out of the restroom, his bladder somehow feeling even MORE agonized than it had before he’d gone in. That wasn’t fair! He’d let SOME out, it should have felt at least a little better!

But, it didn’t. It didn’t feel better at all. It felt like he was being tortured.

Even so, when Camille asked him if he felt better, he made himself nod, made himself say “Let’s go get the guitar now,” and tried to make it sound as though he wasn’t in any kind of rush to get out of here. He wasn’t leaking anymore, at least. His pee was staying inside him again. Now that he’d locked up, he’d REALLY locked up.

Luckily for Alex, Camille suggested they take the elevator back down to the first floor— The stairs, Alex knew, would have been the absolute death of him at this point. When the elevator doors dinged open and Alex stepped inside, he immediately remembered a story Adam had told him about his dad.

Adam’s Dad had been at some big conference thing, badly needing to pee. The bathrooms were on a different floor, so he’d gone into the elevator to get to them. But, the elevator had gotten stuck. And it remained stuck for so long that he’d had an accident. It was a funny family story now, but at the time it had been just awful; A grown adult, and a doctor at that, showing up to a work event and then needing to find new pants to change into.

If THIS elevator got stuck, Alex would have an accident, too!

Alex did the only thing he could think of. He shut his eyes as the doors drew to a close, and he prayed. ‘God, um… I know there’s probably more important stuff happening right now, but please don’t let the elevator get stuck? Also, can I maybe pee soon, too? Please? I really have to go. And… I shouldn’t tell you how to do your job, but if you make a new species, then you shouldn’t give it a bladder. It’s too much trouble.’

The prayer worked and the elevator didn’t get stuck.

Camille had been watching Alex through the whole ride, though. She’d been watching his bobbing and contorting, his cringing and whimpering…And now she watched as he scrambled out of the elevator like it was on fire. He looked like he really needed the bathroom, but he’d only JUST gone, hadn’t he? It couldn’t have been more than five minutes since he’d last peed, and Camille didn’t think he’d fill up again THAT quickly even if he was sick!

So, had he not actually peed? What was he doing in there, then? He was gone an awful long time. And there wasn’t a line, Alex had gone in before those other guys ha—

Oh.

Camille thought over all of Alex’s behavior throughout the day. His nonstop twitching, the way he’d seemed so upset when she asked if he wanted to sit by the fountain, how winded he’d gotten after climbing the stairs… She’d thought the whole time that he was just anxious, only seeing that he needed to pee when he’d been reduced to holding himself.

Alex was clearly desperate then, but he’d BEEN desperate for practically the entire day, and he obviously STILL was. He just wasn’t saying or doing anything that could put a stop to it.

Because he was scared to.

All day, he’d been scared to enter a public bathroom, then when Camille told him to go, something must have happened that freaked him out too much. She felt awful, she should have KNOWN. Adam had told her a few times about how he and Alex always peed together, how safe and secure it made them feel. Clearly, Alex wasn’t comfortable going any other way.

And, she understood it. She understood why he was scared. She’d been scared to do that alone her first few times as well. For years after coming out, she would ONLY enter public women’s rooms if her Mom went with her. When Mom wasn’t around, she had held it until it hurt before finally giving in. But, the thing was, after she’d done it enough times without issue, it wasn’t scary anymore. “Um… Alex?” she asked, unsure how to broach the subject.

“Mmmf, what?” Alex moaned. He’d been focusing solely on putting one foot in front of the other as he walked in the direction of the correct store.

“Did… Uh… Do you still have to pee?”

Miserable, Alex nodded his head. “I couldn’t finish,” he admitted. “All these people came in, and I just… It stopped.”

Camille nodded, sympathy lighting in her belly. That must have hurt! “Alex, it’s… I get it. But, if you use the bathroom by yourself a few times, it gets easier. It’s—“

“I can’t…” Alex mumbled, eyes welling up with tears when another spurt of pee finally managed to break through his barriers and soak into his pants. “I want Adam…”

“How about you text him?” Camille offered. “Just, talk to him some? Would that help?”

Alex didn’t know if it would, but tried anyway. Alex wasn’t very good at texting. The keyboard on a phone was just too small, and he could barely remember where all the letters were located on it. It was even harder when he was just so, so desperate…

‘Adam

I am at mall stll. hav to p rly rly bad. Scared to without u.’

At home, Adam heard his phone chime and picked it up. He was used to Alex’s somewhat illegible style of texting so had no trouble parsing the message. ‘Oh, poor thing…’ He sent back;

‘Can you make it home, do you think?’

The response came unusually quickly for Alex;

‘No. bout to xplode.’

‘Can you TRY to go there, then?’

Again, a very abrupt reply;

‘I did. Couldnt. ppl came in and I couldnt go.’

Adam set the phone down and tried to think. He wished he could teleport to Alex’s side to put the guy at ease. He and Alex didn’t handle separation well, but Alex was by far the worst at it. If only there was a way Alex could at least FEEL like Adam was with him…

Maybe there was… Adam grabbed his phone again and called Alex. As soon as Alex answered, Adam knew how bad a state his boyfriend was in.

“Adam… Adam” Alex panted out, breathless and needy and urgent, it sounded like Adam’s name was synonymous with ‘I’m about to wet myself!’ “Adam—“

“I know, sweet thing,” Adam said.

On the other end of the line, Alex immediately found himself feeling more at ease after hearing the familiar pet-name. But, it did nothing to calm his bladder. “I really, really—“

“Shhh, I know,” Adam interrupted. “I… I understand, Alex. I don’t feel very safe doing that without YOU there, either.”

Alex was surprised. Adam never SEEMED frightened by much of anything! “Really?”

“Really,” Adam agreed. “Sometimes, if I haven’t got a choice, I’ll pretend to myself that you ARE there with me, and I’ll feel safer again.”

“Oh…” Alex said, touched. He didn’t think he’d be able to actually protect Adam if something bad did happen…

“Now. I… want you to go to the restroom there, okay? Use a stall, you’ll probably feel safer that way. You can’t hold it until you get home.”

“But—“

“And… And put your phone on speaker, put it in your pocket, don’t hang up on me. It will be like I’m there. Okay? Would that help you at all?”

“Y—Yes, I think so,” Alex said.

“Okay,” Adam said. “Let’s—“

“But… You’ll hear me… Going…”

“I’ve heard you pee before lots of times, silly thing,” Adam said. “That’s not a big deal. Besides, if you need to go as bad as I think you do, I’ll get to hear all of your cute sighs, too.”

“M—My…” Alex blushed. “Al—Alright.” He was already feeling a lot better. Much more secure… But that newfound sense of safety was making his bladder get too far ahead of him, causing it to lurch and spasm chaotically as he felt all the more eager to start peeing. He pushed the speaker button on his phone and tucked it into his pocket, then asked Camille to find him a bathroom as fast as possible. “There’s one really close, right?”

On the other end of the line, Adam could hear the clear urgency in Alex’s voice. He wished he was there, or that he could somehow teleport an empty bottle into Alex’s hand so that he didn’t have to hold it even one more second.

He was relieved when he heard Camille confirm that there WAS a toilet just a few minutes away, but he knew he couldn’t have been as relieved by that news as Alex was.

Adam listened as the phone tumbled around in Alex’s pocket, periodically overhearing his poor boyfriend let out tiny, mewling whimpers while he tried to walk. “H—How much further…?” Alex asked after about a minute.

“We’re close,” Camille said. “Hang in there.”

Alex’s whining winces picked up the more he walked. Adam couldn’t even imagine how full his bladder must have been; Alex had left the apartment hours ago, he must have been ready to blow…

Adam heard Alex’s breathing speed up and become heavier and heavier, and the sounds of his footsteps growing faster. Then, he listened as a door swung open and shut. ‘Okay, he’s making it…’ Adam thought.

Confirming that Alex had indeed entered a restroom, Adam was now able to overhear a sink’s faucet running. Even through the crackly speaker of the phone, it was enough to get Adam’s knee bouncing. He couldn’t imagine what it was doing to Alex…

“Ooohhh…” Alex groaned softly, followed by the sound of clothing being ruffled as Adam imagined he was likely gripping himself tightly. Then, there was the clatter of a lock being swung into place, even more rustling, a zipper being pulled, and at last the unmistakable hiss of liquid striking liquid.

Adam blushed at that, now able to hear nothing but the thunderous roar of Alex’s stream. This was then punctuated by a quiet and very contented sigh. Adam pictured Alex standing there with a small smile on his lips, his eyes shut in total bliss as he finally let it out. It was such a cute image that he blushed even harder.

Alex, meanwhile, felt like pounds and pounds worth of tension were being lifted off his shoulders with each passing second. Even if Adam wasn’t RIGHT there, he was still kind of there. Alex was safe in here, free to do as he needed, and wow had he needed to do this… The sensation of his bladder deflating and shrinking as his burden sprayed out of him was wonderful, and this time when he really started to enjoy his relief as his spine started tingling with shivers, nothing happened that made him lock back up again. “Ahhh…”

Upon hearing that second sigh, the redness in Adam’s cheeks darkened. It was just such an adorable noise. He loved hearing Alex sounding so relaxed and comfortable, especially after how panicked he’d sounded a few minutes ago. Adam was a little concerned by how long Alex was peeing, though. He’d seen Alex let out a lot before, but he’d definitely been at his limit this time. Adam wouldn’t be surprised if he’d been a little bit swollen in his middle.

Another concern was that, the longer Adam listened to Alex pee, the more his own bladder pinched. He hadn’t needed to go very much when Alex had initially texted him, but now he was crossing his legs. ‘Alex and I pee together all the time, anyways…’ Adam thought, standing from the couch and entering the restroom. He freed himself a moment later and let his own stream go.

In the mall, Alex’s release finally tapered off, and he was rewarded with a very nice shiver that shook his entire upper body. He zipped up and left the stall. This time he was able to actually wash his hands without causing himself any pain. On wobbly, tingling legs, he left the restroom.

Camille could tell right away that he’d actually peed this time, that the poor guy’s bladder was at long last completely emptied.

Alex took his phone from his pocket and switched off the speaker mode. “Thank you, Adam,” he blurted out. “Thank you! I feel way better now, I—“ he cut himself off, noticing the trickling sound from the other end of the line. “Heh, Adam are you going now too?”

“Y—Yeah,” Adam responded, embarrassed. “Hearing… um… ‘running water’ makes me need to pee…”

Alex blushed. He’d peed so hard and for so long that his partner’s bladder had filled up in sympathy… He listened as Adam finished up with a sigh. “Th—Thank you,” Alex repeated. “I… I felt safe knowing you were… At least sort of there with me. Sorry, I know that was probably really weird…”

“Aw, don’t worry,” Adam assured. “I want my sweet thing to be comfy.”

“I… Definitely wasn’t comfortable before,” Alex said.

“I know… If you ever have to go in public again and I’m not with you, you can call me. We can do this every time if it makes things easier for you.”

“Y—You promise? You don’t mind?”

“Not at all, Alex. I understand this is stressful for you. I love you.”

“I love you too, Adam.”

The call ended, and Alex gave another relaxed sigh. Adam was always going to be there for him, even when they were apart.

“Everything okay now?” Camille asked. “Don’t need to worry about any puddles?”

Alex covered his face, “N—No. I’m better now…” he looked down at his shorts… They were grey; Light grey… There were dark patches in a few very obvious spots. It was clear that he’d either spilled something on himself or hadn’t totally made it to the toilet in time. He could also smell a bit of an acrid odor; Anyone who got close enough to him to sniff it would know immediately that the spots on his clothes WERE urine. His eyes welled up again, “I— I—“

Camille saw where he was looking. She took off her hoodie and tied it around his waist. “There you go, that covers it all.”

Alex shrank back. “But… What if it rubs onto your—“

“I’ll wash it,” Camille said. “It’s okay. Remember, I want to be your friend. This is what friends do for each other.”

Alex’s chest grew warm. She really DID like him… “Okay,” he said. “Let’s… Let’s go get the guitar now.”

