Sonic X Omorashi

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2019-10-04 13:44

A/N: This is an alternative ending/continuation of DeviantArtist spd243's Omorashi story "Sonic X Short: Opera Emergency", permission given by spd243 themselves. I recommend reading that first to get the full idea on what happened. https://www.deviantart.com/spd243/art/Sonic-X-Short-Opera-Emergency-282317046

Warning: May have themes of Sonadow.

Sonic X Short: Opera Emergency Alternative: After The Opera

"Sonic, you completely ruined this entire night for my sister!" Lindsey growled a bit, "What were you thinking, sneaking into the girls bathroom?! Are you trying to cause trouble on purpose?!"

"N-No…it's not that at all," Sonic answered, "I-I just had to…"

"I tried to be reasonable and bring you along, hoping that nothing would ruin this amazing night, but I guess I was wrong," Lindsey huffed.

"Mrs. Thorndyke, I'm really sorry, but I didn't mean to do what I did," Sonic apologized, "I really needed to…"

"Man Sonic! Are you desperate to see some naked females or what?" Knuckles laughed.

"Tell me Faker, what did you think once you snuck inside the women's restroom?" Shadow snickered.

"Guys, just leave him be," Chris said, "He'll surely get the punishment of a lifetime once we get home."

Sonic whimpered as he heard that. He had no doubt that Lindsey would have something hideous waiting for him back home. If only she would take the time to listen, perhaps she would understand. Perhaps they would all understand. It's not his fault his bladder was too stubborn to wait in that line for the men's room.

Speaking of his bladder, Sonic let out a small squeak as a surge of desperation washed over him. He still really had to go, but now that he was in the car there was nowhere he could do so. Tears filled his eyes as he quickly crossed his legs as tight as he could, trying not to have an accident as he was sure that it would only make Lindsey more upset.

Shadow, who was actually sitting next to the blue hedgehog, took notice of how desperate he was and surprisingly started to feel a little bad for him. He remembers the many accidents he used to have back on the ARK due to getting lost. It was not a fun feeling.

"Is there anywhere we can pull over?" He asked the human woman.

Shadow's question caught the attention of everyone in the car, including Sonic's. Why would the ebony hedgehog ask that?

"What for?" Lindsey asked him.

"Because I just realized why Sonic went into the women's room." Shadow answered before turning his attention to the hedgehog next to him. "You have to go, don't you?"

Sonic's face went beet red. Yes, he was trying to tell them before, but nobody would listen, so he just gave up, thinking nobody would care, and tried to play it off. However, he no longer could do so as he started fidgeting in his seat uncontrollably and the tears started rolling down his face.

"YES!" He cried. "I have to go really badly! I had to go back at the opera, but there was a line for the men's room and I didn't know what to do! That's why I went into the women's room! I thought I could just quickly go and leave without being noticed, but I was caught, as you know! I was trying to tell you but nobody would listen! And now I'm really desperate and I don't know how much longer I can hold it!"

Sonic whimpered and cried as he was finally able to explain his actions. He wiggled and fidgeted, hands tucked between his tightly crossed legs as he forced his body to hold back the flood in his bladder. He was starting to feel numb down there, but continued to hold it.

The car was silent, except for Sonic's sniffling, as everyone relished on these new facts, especially Lindsey. When Sonic told her before back at the opera that he had to go, she thought he was just trying to get out of seeing the play. Now, she felt incredibly guilty for not believing him, or giving him a chance to explain himself. Now the poor dear was suffering.

"Ssshhh, it'll be alright, Faker." Shadow said comfortingly as he gently rubbed Sonic's back, trying to help him ease the pressure. He turned his gaze back to the Thorndyke woman. "Well?"

Lindsey knew what the ebony hedgehog was waiting for and she sighed.

"I'm afraid there's nowhere for him to go at the moment." She explained regrettably. "All the stores on this side of town allow the restrooms to customers only, and most of them don't even allow animals inside. Whether your Mobians or not, you're still animals." She sighed again. "I'm afraid he'll have to wait until we get back to the house."

"...Very well then." Shadow nodded, turning back to Sonic. "Think you can wait that long, Faker?"

"I… I… don't know." Sonic answered truthfully, his voice a little slurred. His whole lower body felt numb, but he was still fighting strong. His eyes were a bit glazed over and his face looked a little green. He didn't know what was happening to him. All he knew was that he suddenly felt sick.

Shadow noticed Sonic's condition and he immediately knew what was going on. Sonic wasn't gonna be able to make it back to the house. At least not in this car.

"Tell Tanaka to pull over." He ordered, unbuckling his and Sonic's seatbelt.

"But Mrs. Thorndyke said…" Tails started.

"I know what she said, but the more Sonic is forced to sit here and wait, the sicker he gets. He won't make it to the house by vehicle, so that's why I'm gonna carry him and run back to the house. I'll get him there way faster than this car will, so tell Tanaka to pull over."

Lindsey nodded and knocked on the little glass window, getting the Asian driver's attention. After she told him to pull over, he obediently did so and the car came to a slow stop. Once it did, Shadow sprang up from his seat and opened the door. He jumped out before he turned back around and reached back into the car, pulling the sick and desperate Sonic the Hedgehog out and holding him in a bridle style against his chest. He then quickly closes the door and took off back to the house. Sonic didn't have much time left.

"Just hang on there, Faker, we're almost there." The onyx hedgie whispered gently into the azure ear, trying to reassure him.

"Sh-Shadow." Sonic slurred pathetically, his head rolling side to side. "It hurts."

"I know it does, I know. Just hang on a little longer. We're not that far away."

Sonic whimpered and sniffed, his face buried in Shadow's white chest fur. He was feeling really sick, like he would vomit at any minute now. Despite the numb feeling in his lower half, a painful stinging was attacking his bladder and he had a powerful urge to open the floodgates right there and then. But he couldn't possibly. Not while Shadow was holding him. The ebony hedgehog would surely kill him. So, he just squeezed his legs together even tighter and kept a firm grip on his crotch, but it was doing very little at this point.

Small drips of urine were escaping from his bladder and dripping onto the ground. Sonic whimpered loudly as he felt a rather large dribble escape and roll off his tail before he was able to stop it.

Shadow took a glance off the road and looked at Sonic instead, noticing how much pain he was in and how much he was struggling. He saw the yellow stain on his rival's gloves and the little drips of urine dropping off his tail. He sighed. Sonic wasn't gonna make it, and he was only making himself more sick as he tried.

There was only one solution.

"Sonic," He spoke gently, using the hedgehog's real name, which immediately caught the blue one's attention. "It's ok. It's obvious you're not gonna make it, and you're just hurting yourself and making yourself more sick the longer you wait. I don't want you to suffer like that so… go ahead and go."

Sonic's face went entirely red. So red it would put Knuckles fur to shame. Shadow couldn't possibly suggesting… could he?

"But Shadow I can't." He whined. "It'll get all over you."

"I know and it's ok. I won't get mad, it was an accident. We'll both get cleaned up when we get back to the house. Just go ahead and go. I won't get mad, I promise."

Sonic didn't know what to say. How could Shadow suggest something so crude? He wasn't sure if he should or not, despite Shadow saying he wouldn't get mad. However, his bladder made the decision for him.

Sonic shivered and he groaned in almost pleasure as the urine in his body forced its way out in a forceful flow, unable to stop it. His face went from a sickly green to a flushed red as he peed, the feeling of relief touching his entire being. His gloves were getting soaked so he removed his hands and uncrossed his legs, allowing the stream to have more access. It fell in almost a waterfall like state, splashing against the ground and leaving a trail as Shadow continued to run.

Speaking of Shadow, as expected, the ebony hedgehog was not out of the line of fire. As Sonic soaked himself, he too was getting soaked just as he knew he would. Drops of sweat was pouring down his forehead nervously and he gave an embarrassed smile of understanding. He wasn't mad at all, just as he promised. It was his idea after all.

As Sonic's stream finally came to a stop he let out a sigh of relief. He was absolutely soaked, but at the moment, he didn't care. He was just glad the pressure was finally gone.

"Feel better?" Shadow asked him gently, gaining his attention again.

Realizing that Shadow was still there, Sonic froze. He was so embarrassed. He had just had an accident, and not only in front of his rival, but ON his rival as well. He was so embarrassed and scared. Shadow was gonna kill him, he was sure of it. Poor Sonic didn't know what else to do, so he started crying.

"Oh Sonic, sh sh sh. It's ok, it's ok." Shadow whispered, pulling the blue one close and comfortingly. "It's ok. Don't cry."

"I'm sorry, Shadow." Sonic whimpered. "I didn't mean to."

"It's ok, Sonic, it was an accident. Not only that, but it was my idea as well. I'm not mad, I swear it."

Sonic continued to sniff and cry, he was really upset. Shadow didn't like it. He needed a way to cheer him up. By now, they were in their neighborhood, so he slowed down to a walk, wanting to get the hedgehog to stop crying before they got home.

Suddenly, an idea came to him. It was a little crude and embarrassing, but it might just work.

Shadow walked up the corner of their block and stopped. Sonic was confused. Why had he stopped? He then felt Shadow stiffen, and then he heard the unmistakable sounds of hissing and splashing. Sonic looked down and he gasped when he noticed Shadow was purposely wetting himself.

"Shadow." Sonic blinked in surprise as he looked back up at him.

Shadow's eyes were closed and his face was flushed in embarrassment as he peed, soaking his own legs and covering his shoes, a rather large puddle forming underneath him. As he finally finished, he let out a sigh of relief and smiled at the blue hedgie.

"There, now you're not the only one who wet themselves."

"Y-you didn't have to do that." Sonic stuttered as Shadow began walking again, leaving behind footprints made of urine.

"I didn't want you to feel as if you were alone in this situation." Shadow sighed. "You were really upset and I didn't like it. So I thought that by wetting myself, I could share some of that embarrassment. Accidents happen, Sonic, and you are not the only one that they happen to."

Sonic didn't know what to say. He was so touched by Shadow's kind words and generous sacrifice. He never thought his rival would go to such lengths to cheer him up. It made him feel special. Loved and cared for.

"Thank you, Shadow."

Shadow smiled and placed a gentle kiss atop his forehead, something that Maria used to do to him to show she cared.

"You're welcome." He said as he finally entered the Thorndyke courtyard, which was still empty. The others hadn't made it back yet. "Now let's get inside and cleaned up. Then, we'll go out and I'll get you a chilli dog. My treat."

The End

