Luz And Company (The Owl House)

Author: SodaBubbles

*000*2023-11-06 11:20

NOTE: All characters Are aged up to a 18+ age range

PLOT: Eda visits the human realm for some time, and as a celebration she learns to drive a car. Only problem is, Luz decides to come along, and hasn’t peed since she woke up.

WARNINGS: There’s mentions of genitals.

”Be careful with my car, Eda. I’m warning you.” Camilla said to Eda, giving her a glare.

”Yeah yeah, I will!” She replied back, before stepping on the pedal and driving off, as Luz waved to Camilla from the window.

Luz enjoyed the beautiful view from outside. It had been a while since she got to spend some time with Eda, especially because of College being in The way, it was nice being able to finally be around the witch that took her in when times were tough.

”hey Eda, try pressing that button. We can listen to music in here!” Luz pointed from the backseat towards the radio.

Eda pressed on it and the next thing she knew, Music played, she was amazed! Human Technology really is smart. Luz was drinking her soda in the backseat, slurping on the straw every 5 or so minutes as she just enjoyed the car ride. That was until, she felt a tingle in her lower abdomen. Fuck, she needs to pee. Luz peeked her head up from the backseat.

”Uh, how much longer?” Luz asked, trying not to sound suspicious, she didn’t want to ruin this time because of one little tinkle.

“Oh, already? Eh, about 6 hours I might say, why’s that?” Eda replied, suddenly questioning Luz.

”Oh uh, no reason.” Luz replied.

Shit. Now she had to hold it in for 6 hours whole. Unless there was a gas station Shop of some sort, she didnt want to tell Eda. it was too embarrassing, and she didnt want to complain for her to stop the car just because of her stupid pee need. Luz tried to avoid drinking the rest of her soda.

2 Hours later

Luz was whining and squirming in the backseat. oh man, this was bad. She ended up drinking the rest of her soda some time ago, and it started to hit her straight in the bladder. Eda looked up to the rearview mirror after hearing Luz whining in the back, like a dog.

"Kiddo, is everything alright there?" Eda questioned, sounding worried.

"I uhh.. Nothing really." She replied back, trying not to squirm as she bit her lip.

Eda didnt question anything more, Luz could just be so, Luz sometimes. She just thought it was another one of her weird shenanigans. Luz let out a sigh as she thought to herself "That was close."

1 Hour later

"Aaaagh! i.. cant.." Luz whined like a toddler. grabbing her crotch in absolute desperation.

It was hurting. she felt like she was about to pop. She swung her legs as she bit her lip, wiggling her butt in place, sweat and tears forming around her. Her face was as red as Amitys blushing, she was just a minute away from leaking all over the seat.

"Do you need a break?" Eda asked, after watching this happen from the rearview mirror.

"N.. No.." Luz replied, her voice cracking.

Luz felt so embarrassed, Eda now knows about her stupid childish need.

"You clearly need one. come on, let's get out." Eda replied, parking the car.

Eda opened the door to the car, as she helped Luz get out, struggling to even stand up. Luz felt so embarrassed. They quickly ran towards a nearby tree, as Eda helped Luz pull down her shorts and underpants, Luz felt the cold air breeze around her vagina, as she shivered.

”I.. don’t need.. this!” Luz said, feeling humiliated.

”Luz. We all have to go sometimes, there’s no shame in it. It’s not like I’m going to let the whole world know that you peed.” Eda replied.

”Buh- But I’m ruining the.. whole trip!” Luz whined, as she felt spurts of urine shoot out of her pussy.

”What? Of course you aren’t. This doesn’t ruin anything at all. Infact, it helps the trip, it means you feel comfortable, right?” Eda replied.

Luz nodded, but still tried her best to hold it in. She felt so shy. She didn’t wanna piss Infront of her Adoptive mother. Eda had been holding onto Luz’s hands for some time, as she suddenly started humming a song she had heard on the radio. She didn’t exactly know what it was called, but it went something by the words of “Don’t Stop Me Now.” Luz quickly realised what song Eda had been humming to herself, as Luz closed her eyes, and started humming along.

It wasn’t long until a gush of urine splashed onto the tree, the wind making it splash everywhere onto the grass. Luz whimpered and bit her lip, sighing in relief. The stream got louder and louder by the seconds. Eda didn’t mind that Luz was peeing right Infront of her face, all that mattered was that her Apprentice felt comfortable. Luz felt her body shiver from the relief, she couldn’t help but just whimper the whole time. It felt so good to finally release all that pressure.

After a few minutes, Luz’s stream came to an end. As she wiped herself with a leaf, later on pulling her panties and shorts back up.

”Feeling better now?” Eda asked, in quite a soothing and motherly tone.

”Much better, I’m sorry for uh. Causing trouble with this.” Luz replied, a blush appearing on her face from humiliation.

”No trouble caused kiddo, I’m just glad you feel comfortable.” She replied.

Luz felt a smile grow onto her face. How was she so lucky to have such a supporting witch mom? She hugged her, as Eda returned the hug. They both got back into the car, and sped off.

The end! I got this idea after roleplaying with a Eda c.ai bot the other day.

