Olivia - Desperation In The Sky

Author: Stoke365

*000*2025-09-11 14:46

Desperation In The Sky

Character - Olivia 20

We join our unfortunate friend in Madrid airport. Olivia has enjoyed a small break away from home and is now preparing for the journey back, with the lack of hindsight as to just how uncomfortable this trip will really be…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 47%

“Made it to the airport, with still an hour and a half until the flight, no problemo, though I could do with a wee right now…”

Olivia glanced around to see no current toilets in the departures area, “hmm I guess I’ll just go once I’m through security”, she pulled her suitcase and continued towards security. She arrived at the security queue, to see quite an extensive line in front of her. She walked up to one of the staff and asked…

”Excuse me, do you know how long this queue is from this point?” Olivia asked, slightly nervous at the site before her

”From this point? I’d say a good 45 minutes”

Olivia felt her heart sink just a little bit, not at her bladder but the time, hoping this wouldn’t hinder proceedings, she nodded and joined the queue

15 minutes passed, she had moved up the queue slightly. Luckily she had her large water bottle attached to her case to stay hydrated in the warm crowded room. No AC working in a Spanish airport in the middle of summer was torture. She chugged away like no tomorrow, even with the twinge in her bladder. Time kept ticking along, and by the time 45 minutes as previously guided prior was up, she was still a little distance from the scanners…

”Oh come on for crying out loud” she muttered to herself, shakily checking her watch.

BLADDER CAPACITY - 65%

Finally she reached the front of the line and progressed through the security point, by this point it had been an hour and only had 30 minutes to reach the gate, she glanced at her ticket, the gate was all the way on the other side, the map beside her stated:

‘15minute walk from this point’

Olivia took a deep sigh and began walking, during the walk her bladder was becoming quite the issue…

”Shit, was hoping I’d have chance for the loo be for the flight but that’s looking ropey now”

Her walk to the gate wasn’t quite her usual stride, her thighs tucked closely together, steps not quite as far from each other. Yet still not quite in a feeling of difficulty, although it was up quite the irritation.

Olivia made it to the gate in 20 minutes due to her careful walk, most of the people had boarded, just a few people left in the queue for her to join onto the back of. Her head turned and looked at the bathroom beside her, the ladies room had a queue coming out the door.

”Just typical, every time, every damn time” she angrily said, subconsciously placing one hand on her jeans, the feeling coming on strong now. She knew she couldn’t take the risk, and joined in the line, it wasn’t long before she was scanned and walking to the plane. She boarded and made her way to her seat. She was in 19A, a window seat in the middle of the aircraft.

”Excuse me, am I okay to just quickly use the toilet?” She asked one of the stewards

“I’m sorry miss, it’s still just being cleaned from the last flight, it’ll be ready inflight though”

Olivia sighed, “sure I understand” really wanting to smash in there right now and let loose, but contained herself and shuffled to her seat. She lifted her case and put it in the overhead locker. The strain of lifting the case and having to reach high, made her bladder cry in agony, feeling every bit of pressure almost squeezing it out of her, but she maintained composure and sat in her seat. She silently hoped no one would sit next to her so she could have free access once they took off, but that soon faded, as an older couple sat down beside her. She crossed her legs, and prepared for what was to come…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 86%

She fastened her seatbelt as instructed, the belt constricting on her bladder, making it even harder than it already was to contain the mounting stress in her bladder. By this point they had now been sat on the plane for 25 minutes, the captain stating they were waiting for an opening for takeoff. Olivia was really begging to struggle now, her bladder was slowly reaching capacity, and the nerves were kicking in. She couldn’t cross her legs anymore because of the seatbelt. She was bouncing one leg up and down constantly, one hand shoved down onto her crotch.

“Come on Olivia, you’re a big girl you can do this, big girls don’t wee themselves” she whispered to herself in despair

The plane was soon given clearance, and they began to rattle down the runway. The bumps of takeoff didn't aid her in anyway, the vibrations ran through her body with power, Olivia used every ounce of strength to hold on. Eventually they lifted off the ground and began their ascent…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 97%

The plane was still ascending, so Olivia wasn’t able to move just yet. The planes climb was bumpy, each movement lurching her bladder around. As the plane began to reach altitude, it hit the clouds, and it wasn’t regular clouds, it had been storming, so these would be bumpy. The plane breached through them, and some mild turbulence hit.

“Passengers please be advised we will probably be in some mild turbulence for the next 5 to 10 minutes, so the fasten seatbelt sign will remain in just a bit longer thank you” the captain stated

Olivia felt the turbulence more than anyone, the first bit came quickly too. The plane did a slight dropping feeling as the wave hit, and Olivia just couldn’t fight it. She felt the first squirt of pee escape into her panties. She was wearing light grey coloured ones beneath her jeans, so she knew this would show. She glanced down at her jeans to see no marks on them yet.

“Oh fuck, this is it isn’t it” she quietly cried to herself

The next bumps hit, and it was like a leaky sink, drips after drips, the bumps she just could not battle against. She glanced down again and her jeans had a golf ball sized wet patch on them, it was seeping through. She knew she couldn’t last much longer.

”Ladies and gentlemen the seatbelt sign is now off, please feel free to roam the cabin”

It was music to Olivia’s ears, the bumps had stopped, but her leaks hadn’t. Her jeans still had a small patch, and she could feel her panties were soaked beneath. She unfastened the seatbelt with haste, and sat herself up ready to move, she turned to her passenger and the old couple were fast asleep snoring. The poked the old man beside her begging him to wake up and move. He didn’t budge, he snored away loudly. Olivia could feel the tears forming in her eyes as she saw her escape route fade. She braced herself, as the floodgates opened…

BLADDER CAPACITY - 101%

She sank into her seat, as her bladder fully emptied itself. The seat soaked, her panties and jeans soaked. She could do nothing but sit in her wet mess. She solemnly pressed the assistance button overhead to call for a steward. As they approached, she sheepishly turned

”I’ve had an accident…”

(Hope you enjoyed this, I really want to do more with other characters etc. let me know thoughts or any ideas you guys have, thanks!)

*002*2025-09-14 01:42

{{6 hours ago, SDBV1988 said:

Awesome story, I love the trapped in a plane concept. How did you get the pictures?

}}

Just used AI, if people like it then I’ll continue to use them in my stories!

