Amanda

Author: superdodotis

*000*2025-02-20 15:02

Chapter 1

Amanda was a young, pretty, fun-loving 35-year-old girl who had a job in the management team of a company, which, although demanding, she enjoyed a lot.

She liked to play sports, go running and enjoy plans with friends.

In love, after many years of freedom, of comings and goings, she was finally falling in love. A few months ago she had met Paul, a co-worker, a couple of years older than her, shamelessly handsome and charismatic.

Paul and Amanda were a successful couple and everything seemed to be going well for Amanda until a small problem destabilized her life…

That night, when she got home, Amanda felt bad. She had back pain and a fever. She decided to take a paracetamol and go to sleep, but it was impossible… the pain did not subside and the constant urge to pee did not allow her to rest. What the hell is wrong with me? she thought. The symptoms did not subside, she felt worse and worse and decided to go to the hospital.

As she got out of the taxi, she felt the urgent need to pee again… shit, again? I went to the bathroom 20 minutes ago… She entered the hospital and headed towards the bathrooms; the need was getting stronger, she reached the bathroom as quickly as possible, but not quickly enough so that she didn't wet her panties before sitting on the toilet. Great, just what I needed… I peed. The pants were practically dry, and being dark, it wasn't noticeable. But the underwear was very wet, so she dried it as best she could and put some toilet paper on it.

Sore, tired and embarrassed, she went to the waiting room until her turn came. Fortunately, there weren't many patients and they attended to her quickly.

She told the doctor about the symptoms she had (although she was spared the embarrassing accident she had had when she arrived at the hospital).

Suspecting that it was a urinary tract infection, due to the high fever, they decided to admit Amanda to do the tests.

Blood tests, urine tests, an ultrasound… the doctor soon came back to confirm her suspicions.

Indeed, she had a strong urinary tract infection that reached her kidneys, so she would stay in the hospital until the symptoms began to subside.

Once in the room, she had to put on that horrible hospital robe; she went to the bathroom again, the urgent need to pee had returned. This time, she managed to do it in the bathroom, although her panties were still wet. She didn't say anything. She put on the robe and got into bed. The nurse came and placed the drip with the antibiotic and some pain medication. You'll feel much better with this, you'll see.

Amanda was exhausted, the medication began to take effect and she fell asleep.

Amanda, awake. It was the nurse. How long have I slept? She was dazed.

When she moved, she felt a strange heat in her crotch. It can't be. When she touched herself, her suspicion was confirmed: she had peed.

Do you need something? Are you okay? She couldn't pay attention to what the nurse was saying, she was dying of embarrassment. It seems that you have rested all night, that's good. I'm going to take you off the medication so that you can go to the bathroom to wash yourself more comfortably.

Well, when she leaves I'll clean up the mess without anyone knowing and I'll be able to shower.

She removed the IV and the drip.

- That's it, Amanda. Now I'm going to help you get up and I'll accompany you to the bathroom. After so much medication, you might get dizzy.

- It's not necessary, really. I feel very well. Thank you...

But before she finished the sentence, the nurse had already uncovered the sheet and was preparing to lift Amanda... When she stood up, the nurse saw everything.

- Wow, now I understand why you didn't want my help. You peed, right?

Amanda was completely red in the face from embarrassment, she didn't know what to say...

- I'm sorry, I don't know what could have happened to me...

- Relax, it's completely normal to have episodes of incontinence with the urinary infection you have. Don't worry. Now I'm going to bring you clean clothes to let them know so they can change your sheets.

The nurse called the nursing station: please, two assistants to attend to an incontinence in 317.

Earth, swallow me- thought Amanda.

The two assistants came with the cart; they gave Amanda clean clothes and a towel and started changing the bed. Surprisingly, they all acted completely normally, it wasn't an intimidating situation and that eased Amanda's embarrassment.

Amanda was able to shower and when she came out, she felt much better. She put on her new robe and some very unsexy cotton panties that had been left on the bed.

It was 7:30 in the morning. She called her secretary that she was sick and sent a few urgent emails to her team while she was having breakfast.

She thought about Paul, he would be arriving at the office soon and he would be surprised not to see her… she sent him a message: I'm not feeling well today. I'll be working from home. XXX.

And suddenly, the damn urge to pee came again… When she got up from the chair, the urge was already uncontrollable, as soon as she opened the bathroom door, she began to feel the humidity, she was leaking pee again... she sat on the toilet to finish, but her underwear was already very wet.

Fuck, again... what do I do now? She remembered the naturalness with which the nurses had treated the subject, so she decided to ring the bell and ask for help; it was a better option than being with wet panties and besides, they would probably end up finding out.

- Do you need something? - said the nurse when she entered the room and looked towards the bathroom.

- Yes, you see... it's that I was sitting and I had the urge to go to the bathroom again, and it was very urgent, and well... well... I didn't have time to get to the bathroom and I got my panties a little wet.

- Oh, Amanda. I'm sorry. Don't worry, I've already told you before that it's totally common and normal with the infection you have. I'm going to get a change of clothes, you can wash yourself in the meantime.

The nurse came back with some special panties…

- Here, Amanda, I brought you these pants, they are absorbent panties; that way, if you have another accident, you won't get wet.

- Diapers? No, I don't need those…

- No, they're not diapers, they're panties. You can go to the bathroom whenever you need to, but if you leak, you'll be safer and more comfortable. No one will notice.

Amanda hesitated, but she had no choice but to accept them…

- Okay, I'll put them on.

Chapter 2

The doctor who had seen her the night before came and explained that it seemed like the infection was starting to subside. She would be given a new round of medication in the morning and the tests would be repeated at noon. If everything went according to plan, she could go home in the afternoon.

Amanda felt calmer after listening to the doctor, but she was still very worried about her uncontrollable urge to urinate and her incontinence. She didn't dare ask the doctor about them and she hoped that with the new dose of medication, the incontinence episodes would end.

The cell phone rang. It was Paul. He hesitated to answer, but finally he did.

- Amanda, why you didn't tell me that you were in the hospital? I heard your secretary telling Lis about it by the coffee machine.

- I didn't want to worry you, I'm fine, really. I've had a bad urinary tract infection, but it's going away now. I'll probably go home this afternoon.

- I'll take care of some urgent matters and I'll go.

- No need, Paul, really.- Amanda didn't want Paul to see her like that, in that horrible robe and her absorbent panties.-Besides, today you have to be at the executive meeting and you know it. There's a lot at stake, and you have to give me the most relevant information from that meeting.

- Okay. But tell me what the doctors tell you and I'll stop by your house in the afternoon. I'll bring you dinner and take care of you.

- You know I can take care of myself very well, Paul.

- I know, but I want to keep you company and pamper you. And if you're recovered, do those things you like so much…

Amanda blushed, she was getting tremendously excited just by his proposals…Paul was driving her crazy in bed. A cramp pulled her out of her daydreams of pleasure and she realized she had to go to the bathroom again.

- Okay, okay, Paul. I'll leave you, the nurse is coming - she lied - Kisses.

She jumped out of bed and when she got to the bathroom she noticed the first drops of pee escaping. She managed to finish doing it in the bathroom. The absorbent panties had saved her from another embarrassment. She put them back on and went to the chair.

Then the nurse came with the new dose of medication.

- I'm going to give you the antibiotics again as the doctor explained to you. Would you rather be sitting here or lying down?

- Sitting, please, I'm going to work in the meantime.

- Okay, although it's important that you rest. With the drip, you have to be careful when you go to the bathroom, so if you have to pee, call us.

- Thanks for everything.

An hour later the urge to pee came back. Amanda quickly rang the bell for a nurse to come. The urge was increasing, the urgency was getting stronger…they opened the door to the room.

- I need to go to the bathroom now, it's urgent, please.- said Amanda with great concern.

- Calm down, I'll help you now.

The nurse moved the drip and helped Amanda stand up.

- Quickly, please, I can't hold it in any longer.

And Amanda put her hand on her crotch to hold back what was already coming out uncontrollably…

- I can't, I can't. I'm getting wet. Let's go to the bathroom.

- Stay here, Amanda, it's okay. You're wearing incontinence panties that will absorb the pee. I'll get the changing cart and help you clean yourself up.

When the nurse came back to the room, Amanda was still standing, dying of embarrassment and sobbing.

- I'm really sorry, really. I'm really sorry. How embarrassing! I peed myself completely.

- That has an easy solution. I'll change you right now.

- Thanks, but I can do it myself.

- Honey, you have the dropper on, you can't change yourself.

And the nurse told her to lift her robe and her pants were completely soaked. With sublime delicacy, she took off her absorbent panties and cleaned her private parts. Then, she put a clean pair of pants on her again.

- See, that's it. Completely dry. Nothing happened here.

- Thank you, Katie. From the bottom of my heart. When will I stop having these urges to pee?

- You have to talk to the doctor about that, she'll explain it better. But as the infection goes away, you'll get better.

The dropper with the medication was almost finished, so the nurse took it and a few minutes later they came to repeat the tests.

Amanda was looking forward to going home... she was tired, she felt better, but the shame of her incontinence had her worried.

After the tests, they brought her food. When she was done, the nurse came to see how she was feeling.

- I'm much better.

- I'm glad. I'll check on your pants in case you need a change.

- No need. I'm dry.

But still, he lifted her from the chair and checked her absorbent panties.

- It seems dry, yes. Do you want to go to the bathroom?

- I don't think I feel like it, but I'm going to try.

Katie accompanied him. She sat on the toilet and immediately began to pee.

When she got up and put her pants back on, she noticed a little stream of pee escaping.

- Ouch... - and she put her hand on her crotch. -I think I've leaked. I peed a little.

The nurse checked his pants again.

- Nothing, just a few drops. We don't need to change you. Your bladder isn't right and you haven't emptied it all in the bathroom.

Amando returned to the chair and continued working. An hour later his doctor came along with another colleague.

- Amanda, we already have all the results. You have had a strong urinary tract infection, apparently, from not emptying your bladder often. How often do you usually go to the bathroom?

- I don't know, honestly, since I was promoted a year ago, my job is very demanding and I don't even have time to go to the bathroom. Maybe twice a day, or three... I'm not sure.

- Holding back the urge and not going to the bathroom is dangerous. In your case, it has caused an infection, but it has also altered the functioning of the urinary tract.

That's why Dr. Cross, an incontinence specialist, is here with me.

- We have seen in your records that you have had several episodes of urgency incontinence since you have been here, and that at night you also had an episode of enuresis.

Have you had urine leaks like these before?

- No, never. Well, the usual thing is sometimes running, a few drops. Or sometimes in a pub, having a few beers and queuing in the bathroom, well maybe a little bit, yes. But nothing like what happened in the last few hours.

- We believe that the incontinence is not only due to the infection; this has accentuated it, but your pattern of functioning of the urinary tract is altered. Your bladder is less sensitive, that is why you notice this sudden urgency and you cannot get to the bathroom: It is called urgency incontinence and perhaps you also have overactive bladder.

- But you are going to cure me, right? I don't want to have any more accidents.

- We need the infection to go away completely before treating the incontinence. You will take medication for the next three days. Then, we will wait another week. And in 12 days we will see each other in the office to check the infection and decide the next step.

- And while I will continue to leak urine?

- It is most likely, although we cannot guarantee when or how. That is why we are going to send you this urination diary so that you can write down every day the accidents you have, the quantity, what you were doing... it will be very helpful. It is very easy to fill it out, you have an application for your mobile phone that will make it easier.

Doctor Cross continued:

- We also want to talk to you about absorbent pads for incontinence. We understand that it may be somewhat embarrassing, but it will help you manage leaks.

I am going to make you three recipes:

- Maxi pads: they are discreet, although they are the least absorbent option. They could be useful for times when you always have a bathroom nearby and you are not going to drink a lot of liquid.

- Absorbent panties (Day): absorbent underwear, they are discreet, and in different colors (black, pink...). I assure you that no one will notice. It doesn't prevent you from going to the bathroom, but if there is a bigger leak, you will be well protected and you won't get your clothes wet.

- Absorbent panties (night): they are the most absorbent and the least discreet, perhaps a little bulky, but just enough so that if you have leaks during the night, you don't have to change constantly; and in case there is another episode of enuresis, you don't wet the bed.

I'm also going to give you this brochure that deals with the different absorbents that there are and how and why to use them.

- I'm overwhelmed with so much information... but thanks, I guess.

They agreed to an appointment for a consultation in two weeks, the doctors said goodbye. Amanda stayed reading all the information they had given her while her world collapsed.

Again the urgent need to urinate took her running to the bathroom.

She felt a small leak when she pulled down her panties, but she was able to control almost all of them.

She wished with all her might that this would end soon.

She gathered her things and got everything ready to leave. When she was ready, she called Katie to say goodbye and thank her for her care.

“Thanks, Katie. You've helped me a lot.”

“You're welcome, darling. Take care of yourself. I'm sure it'll go by quickly.” She handed her a clean pair of absorbent panties, “in case you need to change before you get home.”

She took a taxi, but before going up to the house she stopped at the nearest pharmacy to get the medication and incontinence protection that had been prescribed for her.

When she got home she went to the bathroom. She didn't feel in a hurry, but she didn't want any more accidents… She took a shower and chose to put on a pad instead of absorbent underwear.

She put on her pajamas and sat down to work in her office.

It was 7:00 p.m. when Paul called her on the phone:

“Mandy, love, how are you? I just finished the meeting and everything went great. Your team has defended your proposal wonderfully and everyone was delighted.”

Roger will call you later to congratulate you, he was very happy with your work.

Amanda was happy, although not as much as she should have been… she was very worried about her incontinence, she wasn't very embarrassed that Paul found out.

- Great! I'm happy.

I groan a lot. I'm better, already at home, going over the details of the meeting. I still have to take medication for three more days, so I won't be back until Monday. Tomorrow I'll work from home.

- No problem. I'll pick up my things and then I'll stop by your house. I'll bring you dinner.

- No need, Paul, really. I'm tired and untidy. Better another day.

Her voice sounded worried.

- Come on, Amanda, you know I like you a lot, untidy, and tidy. I'm going to take care of you. Look, we'll have dinner soon and then I'll go home and let you rest. I'm not going to take no for an answer.

- Ok. Don't insist...

- A kiss.

Amando was about to cry; he would have done so if it weren't for the fact that the urge to pee urgently had returned. When he got up from the chair he noticed the first drops escaping, he ran to the bathroom, but it was too late, he was getting wetter and wetter. The pad had overflowed. She sat down in the bathroom with her pajama bottoms on… anyway, what does it matter, I'm already all wet - she thought.

When she finished, she took off her clothes, dried herself and changed.

Maybe I'm not ready to use pads yet… - she told herself. And she took one of the absorbent panties for the day. She looked at herself in the mirror. The truth is that they were quite discreet, black, and not very bulky. She put on pajama pants and a sweatshirt and looked at herself in the mirror again. I don't think anyone would suspect that she was wearing a diaper.

A diaper - she thought - is not panties, underwear does not absorb pee… what an understatement.

She gathered everything up, put the packets of incontinence pads in her closet. And she tidied herself up a bit. She looked pretty. She didn't know what to tell Paul, of course, she didn't want him to know about her accidents, she was determined to hide it from him.

The doorbell rang. It was Paul.

Chapter 3

- Honey, I brought you sushi. Your favorite. How are you?

- Mmm… That's good! Thanks. I'm fine.

They sat down to eat at the small table in the living room. But not before visiting the bathroom; she didn't feel like peeing, but she didn't want any untimely accidents.

Amanda would have sat next to Paul, but she didn't want to be too close to him, she didn't want him to discover her secret; so she sat in front of him.

They began to chat about work and the meeting with the executive. They looked at each other, laughed and made gestures or jokes that only a couple of newly in love would understand.

Amanda was enjoying herself, she always did with Paul, he had the ability to make time pass very quickly…. They got to dessert, and along with it, the urgent need to pee. She got up and, apologizing, ran to the bathroom. She noticed the first jets of pee escape when she opened the door, but she reached the bathroom. She examined the diaper, it was wet, but not that wet. She had left the packets of pads in the cupboard, she had no excuse to go get one, so hoping that Paul would leave soon, she put on the same incontinence panties.

“Honey, are you okay? You seem distracted,” Paul told her.

“Yes, everything is fine, nothing is wrong; I'm just a little tired.”

“Come here, Mandy,” he approached her while hugging.

Amanda tried to avoid the hug, but she couldn't. She needed it. She was tired, overwhelmed and worried. The last 24 hours had been crazy.

Paul began to kiss her, to look into her eyes. “You're beautiful,” he told her.

Amanda smiled and hugged. This was starting to get out of hand… his smell, his kisses, his way of touching her… she was starting to get excited. He had that power over her, it excited her tremendously. And she could feel his bulge through his pants.

The temperature rose and they began to touch each other, to kiss, to desire each other… and Paul grabbed her ass hard to lift her onto the kitchen counter. At that moment, Amanda was aware of the situation - no, no, it can't be… - she thought. He's going to discover that I have a diaper on, and it's wet on top of that.

She abruptly pushed Paul away:

- Stop, I can't. Leave it, okay?

- Hey, calm down, it's nothing… I, no, I didn't want to make you uncomfortable.

And Amanda started to cry. And Paul was perplexed looking at her. He had never seen her cry. She was a strong woman, sure of herself, a boss, a born leader. And his heart broke at so much vulnerability. She hugged him tightly, very tightly.

- This last day has been very long. The hospital, the infection, knowing that I'll need time to recover... I'm sorry, I didn't want to cry, but all this is too much.

- Amanda, calm down, I'm by your side, okay? Tell me everything. What's wrong?

She looked at him, there was Paul, that charismatic, tremendously handsome man, who drove everyone crazy when he passed by; and who excited her to the point of embarrassment. She was afraid, very afraid of confessing the truth to him, of telling him that she was leaking urine, that he would run away.

She tried to speak, but the words wouldn't come out.

- I can't, I'm so embarrassed, Paul.

- I'm starting to get scared. Is the infection serious?

- It's not that; the infection will go away in a few days, but lately I've been going to the bathroom less, you know how busy I am... it seems that's the cause of the infection, but not the only symptom.

She had a hard time continuing, finding the words…And Paul caressed her hand.

- My bladder has become hyperactive, the urge to go to the bathroom appears with imperious urgency…I need to go, no matter what…I can't hold my pee for long…and, well, well…e..e..e…I've had some episodes of incontinence these last few hours… -Amanda finally confessed, covering her face, embarrassed.- It's called urgency incontinence and until the infection is completely gone, they don't know what steps to take to solve it. I have an appointment in two weeks with the doctors and we'll see how it evolves.

- Honey…don't worry. We'll find a solution. It's okay to wet your panties a little…

- I'm not sure it's “a little”. And well…technically I don't wet my panties, but the incontinence underwear they've prescribed me.

Paul smiled, he thought it was sweet, close, that his girlfriend told him she was peeing. That confidence, in a way, also excited him.

- Yeah... I'm starting to understand why you didn't want me to touch you before, right?

- That's it... I didn't want you to know that I'm wearing incontinence pads. I intended to hide it, but I couldn't. I understand that you don't want us to see each other for a while, I won't judge you for it.

- What are you saying! Amanda, you're sexy, very sexy, and I want to be with you, I want to take care of you and I want to play with your crotch, dry or wet, it doesn't matter to me.

Those words empowered Amanda, who pulled Paul's shirt towards her until she had him very very close. They looked at each other. They kissed. A lot. Very very very much. Panting with pleasure they began to touch each other. Paul looked into her eyes and asked for permission as he approached her crotch - can I touch you? - Amanda nodded as she shuddered with pleasure as she noticed how Paul caressed her over the diapers. She noticed the heat and moisture of the pants with each caress, and she didn't know why, but it was driving her crazy.

Holding hands, they went to the bedroom and threw themselves on the bed. Amanda began to undress Paul. She took off his shirt, his pants... wow, he's very hot - she thought.

Paul did the same and took off her shirt. She looked at him to ask permission to take off his pants... She nodded embarrassed, but she was so excited that she couldn't refuse.

They continued kissing, he in his underwear, and she, in diapers.

- You're beautiful Amanda... buff... look how you make me feel. - Paul told her as he took her hand and put it on his crotch.

- I'm very wet, Paul, and it's not just pee...

Hearing that, he took off her diaper and entered her. They loved each other. They enjoyed. They enjoyed it. They panted until they finished.

First Paul, who in that state of madness was quick to cum. And then Amanda, as soon as he put his fingers in her vagina, began to pant loudly, faster and faster... and suddenly, she couldn't take it anymore, and let herself go. She came brutally. What an orgasm. And she peed herself, without realizing it, she had wet herself.

Chapter 4

- That was brutal, darling; I love sex with you - said Paul.

Amanda smiled shyly, she was quiet, thinking how to tell Paul what had happened to her when she came…

- Mmm…Paul…you see, I need to go to the bathroom.

- Is it urgent? Do you need help?

- No, no…it's not urgent anymore…it's just that, you see…- Amanda couldn't find the words, she was terribly embarrassed again.

- You don't have to tell me anything…I noticed that when you came you got wetter than usual. I didn't say anything because I didn't care, a few drops of pee don't change how good sex was.

Amanda almost burst into tears when she heard that…she kissed him sweetly.

- Now- continued Paul- you can go clean yourself up. I'll change the sheets in the meantime.

Amanda went to the shower while Paul cleaned up mess on the bed. As she walked out, she put on her towel and noticed that she had her nighttime absorbent panties in her room.

“Hey, my girl is clean again,” Paul told her. “It wasn't that bad, was it?”

Paul had changed the sheets and tidied up the room…he had even thrown away the wet diaper he had taken off her before sex.

“Here, here are your pajamas.”

“Thanks.”

“I know I said I was going to my apartment soon, but can I stay with you?”

Amanda hesitated, she didn't put on a happy face and Paul noticed it instantly. The previous night's bedwetting episode came to mind, the uncertainty of what would happen today, and the embarrassment of finding out what the nighttime diapers were like, which the doctor had defined as bulkier, but more absorbent.

- You see, I'm not really sure about it... I don't know how I'm going to get through the night, I don't know if I'm going to have another episode of bedwetting... I don't even know what night guards for incontinence are like... I need time. What we just experienced was very intense, and I'm grateful for that... but I think it's still too soon to spend the night together.

- I understand, Amanda; but, I'd like you to trust me when I tell you that I'll take care of you, that we'll get through the incontinence together, and that some absorbent panties don't change anything at all. - Paul sounded sad, serious.

He got dressed while Amanda looked at him in silence. He was very handsome in a suit; to tell the truth, he was always handsome, he was a very very very sexy man.

- See you tomorrow...think about whether you want to trust me. I'm not going to leave you alone in this. I like you, I like you a lot Amanda.

He gave her a soft kiss on the cheek and left. And there Amanda stayed, hoping to overcome her shame so she could trust Paul.

I took the package of night pads from the closet and opened it. She took one out and looked at it…it was actually a bulky one, much larger than the day pads. She read the package: absorbent underwear for women with severe incontinence, especially for the night. No, it wasn't underwear, she told herself, it was diapers.

She went to the bathroom, forced herself to pee, put on the diaper, and got into bed.

She was exhausted.

A few hours later, she woke up with an intense urge to pee. Oh, I'm going to pee - she thought. And she ran to the bathroom. She leaked a little before she got there, but she managed to do most of it in the bathroom. She examined her pants and noticed they were a bit wet, but not much.

She went to bed more relaxed knowing that her urge to pee had woken her up, that the same thing that had happened the night before hadn't happened.

The alarm went off at 7:00. She had slept soundly and was rested, feeling much better until she sat up in bed and noticed her diaper was bulkier.

She put her hand to her crotch - Oh, no, please... not again - she thought. When she touched herself she realized that her diaper was very wet, much more than when the urgency had woken her in the middle of the night. She had completely wet herself again without realizing it. She touched the bed and it was dry. The diaper had done its job.

She went to the bathroom and started the shower. She looked at herself in the mirror with the wet diaper and felt horribly embarrassed.

She showered, changed, put on a pink absorbent day panties and dressed herself. The truth is that getting ready helped her feel better, and the incontinence panties of the day were really discreet. She looked pretty and confident in the mirror, wanting to forget, of course, the episode of enuresis she had had that night.

She looked at her phone and read Paul's message: I'll repeat what I told you last night. I'm not going anywhere. I really like you, you're sexy too with your absorbent panties and I want to accompany you on this journey of incontinence. I'll give you all the time you need. When you're ready to see us, write to me. Kisses.

She felt empowered and determined again, so she answered: The night hasn't gone as well as I expected... I've had a few accidents. I've missed you and I think I'm ready to share this with you. You can come home when you get off work and spend the weekend here with me.

The answer was immediate: Of course, babe. See you later. Kisses.

*001*2025-02-20 15:03

Chapter 5

Amanda started working from home, she had several important matters to close during the morning. She connected via video call with two colleagues to resolve an urgent matter and what she thought would be a short meeting, became longer.

Amanda had not gone to the bathroom before connecting and the urge to pee appeared urgently again. Amanda needed to leave the video call, but she did not know how, she had no excuse... she began to get nervous and the first drops of pee escaped.

She tried with all her strength, but it was impossible. She ended up completely wetting her absorbent panties. And so she remained, completely wet, until the meeting ended.

When she closed the video call she went to the bathroom to change. The incontinence pad was completely wet, but there had been no leaks, the pants were dry. Thank goodness - she thought. She cleaned herself, grabbed another pair of absorbent panties and continued working worried about what had happened to her. On Monday she would return to the office, she would have long days, lots of meetings and little time to go to the bathroom every time the urgent need arose. For now, she had to forget about the pads, they wouldn't be enough to get through a day at the office, and the last thing she wanted was to wet her clothes.

She took a break to eat something and go to the bathroom. She didn't feel like it, but she didn't want any more accidents. She sat down and waited for the pee to come out. It was quite difficult, but she managed to empty her bladder in the bathroom.

She took the opportunity to fill out the urinary diary that the doctor had told her about the day before on the mobile app. She recorded the moments of urgency, the incontinence and the pad changes. How embarrassing, I'm a pee-eater! - she thought.

The phone rang. It was Paul.

- Hi, honey. How was your day?

- Quite an eventful day, I think. But I feel better.

- That's my girl, always positive. I'm finishing up now, I'm going to close a couple of things, pick up my things from my house and I'll see you; okay? Do you want to make a reservation somewhere for dinner today?

- Mmm... I don't think so. Today I prefer to be at home, I still don't feel safe with...mmm... you know, my pee leaks. Maybe tomorrow.

- Okay, Amanda, it's okay. We'll go at your pace. If it's okay with you, we'll cook something delicious at home and have dinner together.

- I love the plan. See you later.

- A kiss.

She didn't want to think too much about the weekend with Paul, it embarrassed her quite a bit, although he gave her a lot of security. So she decided not to think about how to manage everything and go with the flow when the time came. She knew that he would help her and respect her in everything.

She continued working until she felt the urge to pee again. As she stood up from her chair, she felt a few drops of pee escaping, she held it in as best she could and quickly went to the bathroom. She managed to get there in time. Her panties were almost dry. She felt proud and confident.

The doorbell surprised her. It was Paul. Amanda had continued working and hadn't realized that a couple of hours had passed.

- Hi, honey. I'm so glad to see you. You look gorgeous.

Amanda hugged him and kissed him. He smelled so good, he was so handsome!

- Come in and leave your stuff. I started going over the reports from the San Francisco office and I missed the time.

- Stop working already, Amanda. You're a workaholic... It's Friday afternoon, let's enjoy the weekend.

- Okay, grab two beers from the fridge, and let's go out to the terrace; it will do me good to get some fresh air. Go on, I'll go now.

She didn't feel the need, but Amanda went to the bathroom, sat down and peed. She wanted to avoid any accidents.

They opened a beer and sat down on the terrace to chat about work, colleagues... It was very pleasant. So they decided to have another beer before preparing dinner. In the middle of the pleasant conversation and laughter, the urge to pee appeared...

- Paul, I'm sorry, I have to go to the bathroom- said Amanda nervously.

- Do you need help?

- No, no no...- she answered while running to the bathroom.

When she arrived, she started to pee. She pulled down her panties and pants fairly quickly, but not enough to completely avoid the accident.

She finished in the bathroom and looked at the pad, it was wet, but not enough to change. Besides, she didn't want to give Paul too many explanations, so she decided that she would change when they finished the beer, before going to prepare dinner.

She went back to the terrace.

- Everything okay? Did you get there on time? - Paul asked her.

- Yes, well... sort of - Amanda answered embarrassed.

And she changed the subject, she didn't want to talk about it anymore. They finished the beer and started to prepare dinner. Paul was very sexy and Amanda couldn't stop looking at him.

While they were cooking they smiled at each other, they kissed each other... and with so much play, it didn't take long for them to end up kissing like crazy in the kitchen. They touched each other, they looked for each other... and then, Amanda felt like she had to pee, she wasn't even aware of the urgency, she only noticed how some little pee streams in the panties. It doesn't seem like much - she thought. And she continued enjoying the moment.

- Can I touch you? - Paul told her as he brought his hand closer to her vagina.

- Yes, please...

And he put his hand inside the wet pad and started to play with it.

- Mmmm...you're soaked. And not just with pee. - Paul told her as he put his fingers in her vagina.

Amanda moaned, she was very very excited.

- I'm going to cum Paul, I can't take it anymore. I want to feel you inside.

- Wait, wait...hold on a little longer. - She answered him as she pulled down his pants.

Amanda pulled the side straps of the incontinence panties and let them fall. Paul put her on her back and entered her while caressing her clitoris.

Amanda didn't take long to cum, and Paul did so right after.

They stood hugging each other, naked, catching their breath.

- I love fucking you - said Amanda.

- It was great, honey, and it seems like there was no pee leak.

Amanda smiled at him knowing that she had indeed leaked some in her diaper before Paul touched her, but she didn't say anything.

- I'm going to change, put on my pajamas. And we'll continue with dinner.- said Amanda as she got rid of her soaked pants and picked up her clothes.

- Yeah, me too.

When she got to the bedroom Amanda was uncomfortable, she didn't want to change in front of Paul. So she grabbed the absorbent panties from the closet, the pajamas, and went to the bathroom.

Paul noticed, but he didn't say anything, he wanted to give her her space.

They finished making dinner, opened a bottle of wine and ate in the living room. They chatted, flirted and as the bottle of wine emptied, Amanda's bladder filled more and more; And when they finished the dessert, she felt a tremendous urge to pee.

- Ugh, I can't take it anymore, I'm going to pee - she said out loud, worried.

- Go to the bathroom, quickly... and if you don't make it, don't worry, that's what the absorbent panties you're wearing are for.

Amanda ran to the bathroom, but it was too late. She had relaxed too much with the wine and dinner, and now the pee was leaking out of control.

She sat on the toilet with her pants on and finished peeing.

What a disaster, I've leaked almost everything before I could get to the bathroom! - Amanda thought sadly. She felt embarrassed and helpless and started to cry.

Paul, seeing that she didn't come out of the bathroom, decided to knock on the door:

- Amanda, are you okay?

He heard her sobs and decided to go in.

- Go away, Paul, please, I don't want you to see me like this.

- Hey, calm down…- said Paul as he knelt down beside her and took her hand- it's okay, okay? Please don't cry… I'm here to help you.

He lifted her from the bathroom and hugged her.

- Come on, I'll help you clean yourself up. Where do you have your things?

- In that closet - answered Amanda, dying of embarrassment; but she felt so much understanding for Paul that she let him help her.

Paul took out the wipes and the night pads:

- These, right? It's time to go to sleep.

Amanda nodded and reached out to get the things.

- No, honey, let me help you, you don't have to do this alone. I'm going to clean you up and change you.

- Paul, please… I'm very embarrassed, I want to continue being a sexy woman for you, not a pee-pee.

- You are a very sexy woman, even if you pee sometimes. I want to fuck you even with those wet pants on.

Amanda smiled. She was starting to get excited.

Paul came over and touched her crotch over the diaper:

- Wow... you're so wet. You didn't have time to get to the bathroom, did you?

- No, I have peed myself completely

Paul was caressing her in a very sensual way and Amanda got terribly excited by his caresses when she felt the wetness of the diaper against her vagina.

He tore the side strips and took off her incontinence pants, grabbed a couple of wipes and while he kissed her, he cleaned her up.

- That's it... my girl is clean again; although not dry... it seems to me that you're very wet again, and it's not because of the pee. - Paul told her mockingly while he caressed her vagina.

He knelt down and began to lick her clitoris. Amanda was very excited and began to touch herself while he performed oral sex on her.

When he came, Amanda did the same with Paul. She grabbed his penis and put it in her mouth until he finished.

- You see how you turn me on, Amanda... you are the sexiest woman in the world.

They cleaned themselves and Amanda took the opportunity to grab the night diaper. The day ones were more discreet, less bulky, colored... but the night one was much bulkier, white, and with a moisture indicator that changed color when it needed to be changed.

At that moment Paul appeared:

- Let me put it on you, come on.

- I don't need help, and they are not like the daytime pads. I assure you that it is much less sexy.

- Okay, but you don't have to go to the bathroom to change, you can put it on right here. I won't look.

Amanda was thoughtful, but when she saw that Paul was taking out his pajamas and was going to change, she decided to do the same. She put on the nighttime absorbent panties and then the pajamas. He looked at himself and saw that the diaper bulge was noticeable in his pajamas. They were not discreet at all.

She got into bed and waited for Paul to finish so she could kiss him and sleep in his arms.

- I love you Paul. Thank you for everything.

- I love you very much too.

*002*2025-02-20 15:04

Chapter 6

The urge to pee woke Amanda up in the middle of the night. She felt the first drops of urine escaping and ran to the bathroom. Phew... I made it, thank goodness- she thought. She took the opportunity to drink some water and went back to bed next to Paul.

Paul's kisses and caresses woke Amanda up in the morning.

- Good morning, love, how did you sleep? - Paul whispered to her while caressing her belly.

- Pretty good, I managed to rest... I'm still half asleep.

They were hugging each other, Paul held Amanda to his chest, they were cuddled, spooning. Paul lowered his hand and began to touch Amanda's crotch.

Amanda felt a shiver of pleasure run through her body as she felt the completely wet and bulging diaper against her vagina.

- And what do we have here? Oh, oh... it seems my sexy girl had an accident, are you very wet?

- Mmm... I'm afraid so, I think I've wet myself in my sleep again without realizing it.

- Let's see how that diaper is... can I? - asked Paul while he caressed the side of her diaper with the intention of inserting his fingers.

- Wow, yes... it's completely soaked. My pissing girl has wet the bed again, thank goodness the diaper has absorbed everything, your pajamas seem dry. - Paul told her while he continued to caress her diaper in a very sensual way.

Amanda was completely excited, Paul's caresses and the wetness of the diaper were making her very horny... so much so that she didn't care about the embarrassment that her incontinence caused her; right now, she was really enjoying Paul's games.

- Paul, please, I want to feel you inside. I'm very very excited...

- Yes? Do you like it when I touch your wet diaper like that? Huh?... - Paul answered while he touched his crotch lasciviously.

- Yes, it turns me on a lot... I don't know why, but the wetness and your caresses make me go crazy... fuck me now.

Paul smiled when he heard that, he was also very excited. Amanda was untamable, and seeing her in that situation, with incontinence, her shame and in diapers, he didn't know why, but it excited him a lot.

He pulled down her pants and unbuttoned her incontinence panties only on one side.

- I'm going to fuck you with your pants on, okay? That way you can feel them wet.

They made love wildly, sideways and with the diaper half on. They both came, and Amanda also peed herself.

- Paul, I peed myself. - The shame returned.

Paul touched the area and sure enough, Amanda had peed and wet the bed.

- It seems that having the pants on wasn't enough, you wet the bed... but it was worth it. It was a brutal orgasm- Paul told her while he kissed her.

- I think I have to go to the shower.

- Sure, go and clean yourself up. I'll pick this up and change the sheets.

Amanda finished taking off her nighttime incontinence panties and went to the shower somewhat embarrassed while Paul cleaned up the bedroom.

When she came out, she got dressed, got ready and of course, put on her absorbent daytime panties.

They had breakfast together, commenting on the news of the day, but without referring to the very special sensual atmosphere that had arisen in the bedroom the night before and that same morning, around incontinence and diapers. They were both somewhat confused about the situation.

They decided to go for a walk, go shopping and eat at a pub in the city. This was new for Amanda, since she started with incontinence, she had not left the house, and she was nervous.

She decided to use a large bag and put two absorbent panties and a packet of wipes inside.

She peed before leaving the house.

They went for a walk in the park and then to the market. They bought cheese, sausages and flowers. They were two lovers, no one who looked would imagine what Amanda was hiding under her pants.

While they were having a glass of wine on a terrace, Amanda felt the sudden urge to pee.

- Paul, I need to go to the bathroom. I have to pee. - and without waiting for an answer, she got up running in search of the bathroom.

The first drops began to escape as she pulled down her pants, but she managed to get to the bathroom. She looked at her panties and they were only a little wet, so she did not change.

- Everything okay? Did you manage to get to the bathroom?

- Yeah, sort of… I just leaked a little pee on my pants.

- That's my girl - Paul told her while shaking her hand.

They decided to go eat at a pub where there was live music. They ordered a couple of beers, and then two more. They were enjoying the concert together, the alcohol had made Amanda very happy, who hadn't even thought about going to the bathroom.

Suddenly, an immense urge to pee made Amanda uncomfortable. She tried to get up from the stool to go to the bathroom, but when she stood up, she noticed that her pee was leaking, it wasn't just a few drops, she was leaking it all.

- Amanda, what's wrong? Are you okay?

- Paul, I'm peeing.

- Go to the bathroom, come on, it's right there.

- I can't move, it's leaking already-Amanda tried worriedly as she tried to cross her legs.

- Relax, you're wearing the absorbent panties, no one will notice. Let's go to the bathroom, I'll go with you.

She grabbed Amanda's bag and they went to the bathroom. Amanda pulled down her pants and sat down to finish what she had started in her diaper. Little pee came out, almost all of it had escaped before she got there. Then, she started to cry.

- Hey, Amanda, don't cry. Everything is fine.

- I'm a mess, I should have been more attentive and gone to the bathroom. I've completely wet my pants.

- hat's easy to fix. We change the absorbent and go outside to continue having as good a time as we've been having so far.

Paul lifted her up, helped her take off her wet pants and panties. Amanda cleaned herself with the wipes and put on a new incontinence pad.

Paul kissed her sweetly and they went outside.

With the next beer and the music, the embarrassment of incontinence was forgotten, and they both had a great time at the concert. When it was over, they decided they would walk home to clear their minds after so much beer.

- Amanda, maybe you should go to the bathroom before leaving, right?

- Uh, yes, yes, I'll go right now. - she answered, somewhat embarrassed by having her boyfriend remind her to go to the bathroom to avoid accidents.

They walked home between laughs and confidences. In fact, Amanda leaked a little pee in a fit of laughter; it was nothing important, she didn't even tell Paul.

When they got to the entrance, they were hugging each other, kissing, and as she opened the door, the urge to pee appeared again.

- Paul, come on, come on, I need to go to the bathroom. - said Amanda while dancing waiting for the elevator.

She put her hand on her crotch trying to hold back the pee, she didn't want another accident like the one before. The elevator didn't arrive and poor Amanda couldn't take it anymore.

- Oh, I can't take it anymore, I can't take it anymore... I'm going to pee again.

Then Paul hugged her, looked her in the eyes and took her hand off her crotch and said:

- That's it, Amanda, let the pee out, don't worry. You're wearing a diaper and it will absorb everything.

And he started kissing her while caressing her crotch to relax her. And so, she let go, she let out all the pee she had. Paul noticed how the incontinence panties were getting bigger as the pee came out. He couldn't help but sensually caress the diaper. Until he noticed that his hand was getting wet.

- Come on, let's go up to the house... I think the diaper has overflowed and we have to change you.

- Oh, God, yes, my pants are wet... I think I've let out too much pee- Amanda answered while touching her crotch.

In the elevator Paul kissed Amanda and touched her diaper.

- I don't know what's wrong with me, but it drives me crazy to touch you when you pee.

- Well, I don't know what's wrong with me either... but embarrassment turns into excitement when you touch my wet diapers.

And so, without really understanding what was happening to them, they went into the house.

