My first fiction story: The girlfriend

Author: Somenonymous

*000*2021-06-05 15:05

So this is my first fiction story. In fact, it's my first post on this site (not counting the 1 or 2 replies I've made)

(Not based on any real life story)

Part 1: The girlfriend

My girlfriend was cute, smart and short. Just the type of girl I liked. I noticed that we shared a lot of interests, so I decided to ask her if she's into omorashi. I wanted to see her desperate.

Are you into omorashi?, I asked.

Girlfriend: Yeah... s-sure..., she replied. (She obviously knew what it was and what i was gonna ask next) (That was quite early in our relationship and she was still sometimes a bit shy around me)

So do you mind holding you pee for me?

Gf: No, not at all., she said hesitantly

Me: You don't have to do this if you don't want to?

Gf: It's fine.

Me: Try not to wet the bed.

So we decided to drink something to start it off. I decided to also not pee, but I drank a lot less. We mostly just drank water and after 1 or 2 hours she began crossing her legs and i knew why.

How are you feeling?, I asked.

Gf: I need to pee pretty bad.

We were doing stuff on our laptops laying on our bed. Another hour later she started looking pretty desperate. She was moving trying to get in a comfortable position and she put one hand inbetween her legs.

You're looking pretty desperate, let's start this soon., I said.

Gf: I need to pee REALLY bad. Wait, start what?

Me: The fun part. Just wait 30 more minutes.

She looked a bit confused and very desperate.

30 minutes later

Me: Let's start this. Lay down. After she laid down on the bed I pushed her bladder a little bit. She screamed NOO! and almost leaked

- You know I can't hold it much longer if you push on my bladder. It hurts a lot, can I please go?

Then I start ticking her. Inbetween her laughing and telling me to stop i head something that resembled the words "I'm leaking", so I stopped. She did leak a little bit. After that I pushed her bladder hard. At first she quickly tried to cross her legs tight, or put her hands inbetween her legs, but quickly she started peeing all over the bed. After a couple hours of holding lots of water, a lot of pee came out. She moaned while peeing. I could only imagine how relieving that was for her. I cleaned it up and we went to bed. I was still aroused from the situation and she thanked me for not being mad at her, because she wet the bed. Before actually sleeping, I also used the bathroom, because I was also pretty desperate

Part 2: The maid dress

Three weeks after that happened, I asked her if she would be interested in wearing a maid dress. She said yes, so I ordered one. It arrived quickly and I asked her to put it on.

You look so cute in it!, I said. Does it fit you well?

Gf: Really? Thank you. It's a little tight, but not too small to wear it.

Me: Would you be up for holding your pee again, I want to see how you'd look in a maid dress while desperate. She agreed and I was surprised. She began drinking more water than usual and after a couple hours she looked pretty desperate. I asked her to stand up and she looked even more cute.

You're a maid, Clean the house!, I said jokingly.

Gf: Actually, it is quite dirty, this is the perfect opportunity.

She seemed to forget her desperation and started cleaning. I could see her bend down and cross her legs while cleaning. When she was around half way done, she asked: Can I go to the bathroom, I really need to pee!

I replied: No, you can do this, hold it.

She looked more and more desperate and I was loving it. When she was done I told her to lay down and started tickling her again. She was laughing like crazy, but managed to hold it in. I then let her use the bathroom, but asked her to walk slowly. She was getting closer and closer, but she could barely walk anymore. Eventually she made it.

Part 2.5: The talk afterwards

You know you didn't have to do this, right?

Gf: Yes, but I love you and I'm doing this just for you.

I was a bit confused about how she managed to hold it in so I asked her about it.

Gf: It was very hard, I almost leaked when you were tickling me, it was especially hard, because the tightest part was around the bladder. But I was determined to not get the maid dress wet, because I liked it and I want to wear it again later. Also, I used to be a bit into omorashi a couple of years ago, This may have been my 5th hold, but I don't remember.

Part 3: The party

So we decided to spend the night (or more accurately the evening, because we wanted to get the normal amount of sleep) by partying. She drank some water before leaving. It was a really long drive. She didn't use the bathroom when we arrived. We drank some drinks, but she drank a lot (most of them non alcoholic, because we wanted to be healthy). I was already getting pretty excited. We spent a lot of time partying, and when she didn't use the bathroom when we were leaving, I got really excited. About an hour into the drive she started to look pretty desperate. I bet she was already holding her pee for hours when partying.

Gf: I regret drinking so much in the party, I really need to p- *notices bulge in my pants* Oh right, you like that, I totally forgot. (the party was 2 months after the maid dress thing)

Me: We can stop.

Gf: No it's fine, I'm gonna hold it in. But how long is the drive?

Me: We have 2 hours left before we get home.

Gf: TWO HOURS? I can't hold it in that long! But I'm gonna try to without stopping, just for you.

Me, really hard: Wow thank you, this is gonna be really exciting for me. (thinking about a plan how i can make her hold longer)

2 hours later:

Me: We made it home! You good?

Gf: yes, but I'm about to burst

I held her hand and started walking slowly. When we got home we took most of our clothes off. I said: I'm really tired, let's go to bed. And before she got a chance to say something, I dragged her into the bed. I saw the bladder bulge. She was really full. We laid in bed for like 15 minutes, before she asked to go to the bathroom again. I decided to say no, and pushed on her bladder a little. She was extremely desperate, she hadn't peed in around 10 hours.

She said: No please, I really need the bathroom, I'm gonna pee soon!

Me: No you won't, hold it for a bit more, please.

I looked at her bulge. It was pretty big. There was probably lots of pee in there. I could only imagine how much she wanted to use the bathroom. Thirty more minutes passed. I pushed her bladder a little again. It was really hard.

Gf: Please stop, I almost leaked, I have to pee so bad, I won't be able to hold it for much longer!

Seeing her so desperate made me really aroused. After ten more minutes she said that she can't do it anyone and went to the bathroom anyway. Only problem was, she didn't empty fully, and tried to hide it from me. So when she got back she looked a bit off to me, but she just laid in the bed again and fell asleep like nothing happened. We woke up at the same time and she looked really desperate again. I asked her what's wrong and she said nothing and tried to hide it. But i knew that she needed to pee badly again. So I went in the bathroom first and decided to also poo at the same time to take as long as possible. When I opened the door she was doing a dance from needing to use the bathroom so much.

Hope the story was good, one part of the story became white for some reason, so I hope it doesn't show up after posting this. This took around an hour to write with my phone keyboard. Sorry if my english was bad, I don't know how to do dialogue properly.

