Side Stories for Alice in Wetting-Land

Author: SomeGirl

*000*2017-07-26 20:13

I'm creating this bird because I wrote a omo scene that doesn't fit in the main story, that I really like. I love how it turned out too much not to post it, and I feel i may wind up writing more stuff like that. I won't be updating this board with much regularity, just when I'm inspired to write a scene that I can't add to the main story. My other story, Alice in Wetting-Land is a separate board. I suggest reading the main story first, but I'll try to specify when it's happening in relation to the main plot. I really like writing the main story, and I really liked writing this, so I hope all of you really like reading it. I'll read requests and constructive criticism (I wrote a bit more about that in the intros for the main story), but I reserve the right to choose what I do with it.

This vignette takes place a few days after the male urinal scene in ch.24. Character's refer to those events occasionally. Main story in Alice in Wetting Land. The setting is a train heading to the Palace of Hearts for the annual Water-Sports Regatta

Pearl was pacing around outside Water Lily’s sleeping compartment. When he had bumped into Water Lily on the train, he was so shocked he spilled his orange juice on the other boys crotch. The other boy said it was fine, but Pearl was too embarrassed to continue the conversation. He was outside the sleeping area Water Lily mentioned, trying to think of an excuse to knock. The door slid open, and out stepped the other man.

He smiled when he saw Pearl “Hey cutie. I was just on my way to the lavatory if, if your interested…” he winked suggestively. After the earlier incident Pearl had replaced the spilled half-bottle of oj with 3 more, and he had already finished one before that. He was holding back 4 ½ bottles of juice, totaling 36 ounces on the swaying train. He had been so focused on finding a way to talk to Water Lily, that he was only noticing the crushing urgency now. He hadn’t peed since he got on the train and ordered his first juice. It had been.Six.Hours. His eyed watered and his throat tightened. He couldn't speak his feelings, but he was very, very interested. He nodded rapidly and let the other man lead him down the long hallway with a bathroom at the end.

The huge amounts of juice he had stupidly drank, the lurching of the floor, and the invitation to get a better vantage point as Water Lily relieved himself; Had Pearls hands slamming down between his thighs. He seized his penis through his pants and practically strangled it through the grey fabric. The pressure at the base of his shaft felt like a fist pounding his bladder. He actually considered taking his dick out in the hall, as it was the one way to guarantee he made it to the bathroom, but decided against it out of modesty.

Water Lily was gawking at the hottie waddling beside him. Was Pearl putting on a show for him? There was no way he could hold enough to make him genuinely grimace like that, right? He was getting an erection, which was going to make peeing difficult, but he had already decided to postpone his turn at the toilet, until he watched Pearl take the massive piss that put that pained expression of his face. He was almost drooling at the thought of the fish-boy’s hisses echoing through the tiny room. He would get to see it up close and personal.

They had about 4 steps left till they reached the bathroom. “Seems like your bursting! How much have you drank?” Water Lily inquired “For me it's about 16 oz. of coffee. The caffeine always has me really craving a long, hard piss. And I haven’t pissed in 4 hours, since before I got the coffee” He turned to Pearl as he reached for the doorknob to the single-occupant bathroom. “I had almost 5 juices, so about 35 oz of orange juice. No pit stops in 6 hours” he murmured, lustfully watching as the knob turned and the door slid open. He scrambled in as Water Lily’s jaw dropped.

DEAR GOD, Pearl was so hot. His 35 oz.s of urine probably were pretty warm too. He stepped inside and locked the door.

The lavatory was very small, Pearl could feel the tip of Water Lily’s stiffy prodding him in the bladder. If he weren’t freakishly full of piss at the moment, it would probably have turned him on.

Water Lily cleared his throat “Please, after you!” he shifted to the flush chain “May I have the honor?” he requested. He was hoping to manage the pooling, and making sure Pearl didn’t flood the bowl. Though he hoped to see that in his own bathroom, someday.

Pearl nodded nervously, as he fumbled with his zipper. Water Lily was salivating by the time he had his dick out and pointing at the bowl. He was determined to let Water Lily watch him pee. He had been very positive about Pearl willingly wetting his pants at the next urinal.

Pearl tried to remember that Water Lily wouldn't judge the amount he produced, or his stance at the toilet, or his hand positioning, or the noises in the bowl, or the hue of his urine, or..what..he.... ”Ahhhh...Oooo...Umm” Pearl let out a chorus of soft moans and sighs as he initiated the release of every drop of pee he had on him. The walls of his bladder quivered in pleasure -Water Lily flushed to make room for more- as he leaned his forearm against the wall to help him stand.

The sensation of his pee tickling through the opening made his dick swell slightly. He glanced at Water Lily, who was panting as his eyes moved between Pearl’s dick and the bowl. Pearl trembled a bit “Oh. Mmm. Yes. So good...” the fish-boy sighed under his breath.

Water Lily was turned on and ready to piss himself, his throbbing erection sending jolts to his stretching bladder. He couldn't wait any more. He pulled his pants to his knees, knowing the stiffy would make peeing nearly impossible, and tried to line up with the toilet.

He missed and shot onto the opposite wall, and repositioned so he was at least shooting in the general direction of the toilet. Pearl was enraptured. Water Lily had a HUGE cock, even larger than he hypothesized. Pearl’s unending stream was crossed by the other boy’s pressurized jet of piss -Water Lily Flushed again- as Water Lily’s pee pounded into the toilet, onto the floor, on the rim, everywhere. Water Lily tried to control it, but his cock kept twitching, spraying his pee around. The sound of his surging stream smacking the pee-filled toilet water overwhelmed Pearl’s fading hiss, as Pearl’s face relaxed into a serene smile.

Pearl finally started to wind down -Water Lily flushed- and he sighed with contentment as his dick gushed out the last ounce of his 36oz Piss. He sank to the floor as Water Lily emptied himself of the last 2oz of coffee and gave one last flush for this trip to the toilet. Water Lily stroked his hard cock, while staring at Pearl’s crotch. Pearl followed his eyes and realized his dick was still hanging out his fly, still slightly damp. He slowly stood back up, and shook off the droplets. Water Lily moaned, and shot cum into a piece of toilet paper. They washed their hands and parted ways, but not before making dinner plans.

*002*2017-07-29 15:55

I got a request for more about the urinal lessons, so I decided to write about Bella and Alice teaching their other sisters. I may have put a different number of sisters in the chapter this was introduced in, but I plan on this version being consistent. It gives more insight into Alice's family life, and why she isn't considering staying in Wonderland. I plan on her way to go home letting her travel between the realms, so she can still visit. One note that no one else probably cares about, Alice's family isn't rich, but they are comftorable. They live in an area with low housing taxes, and the older sisters babysit while the parents work to save up for college. This story takes place 11 years before the main story, and 2 years after Alice had her lessons.-SomeGirl

Lessons for Every Sister:

The Carroll family had 7 children all daughters. The parents where both pharmacists, and happily married for 26 years. The daughters were as follows: Lisa (age 22); ; Eva (Age 19); Bella (age:17); Alice (Age:11); Donna (Age: 9);And twins Rachel and Tessa (Age: 6). The two older girls were soon to return from college for the summer. Bella was preparing to depart with them next semester.

The lessons started when Alice found Lisa trying to sneak up the stairs. “Hey! Are you trying to avoid me?” she asked petulantly “Your gonna have to talk to us eventually, so-” the scolding came to a full halt, as Lisa turned around to shush her. Alice’s eyes widened at the large dark stain on Lisa’s pale-blue jeans. Lisa sighed, as she pulled Alice into the hallway powder room. Closing the door, she explained “I was driving home, and had to pee super bad. I tried to pull over at a rest stop, but it was so gross. I just couldn't bring myself to…” she gestured to her drenched jeans.

Alice remembered why she left the living room, and sat down on the toilet with her underwear and pants around her ankles. Lisa rolled her eyes as Alice spoke over the tinkling in the bowl. “Why couldn’t you pee standing up? It's less gross” she assumed Bella had taught the eldest sister first. That was just the way things went.

“What are you talking about? Thats-” she was cut off by their youngest sister's josling through the door. “Going to the bathroom was my idea, so I’m going first!” declared Tessa. Her fraternal twin sister glowered at her ”You didn’t invent the idea of going to the bathroom! And I was thinking it too, you just said it first!” she retorted. Both girls froze when they saw Alice, still mid-stream, and Lisa, in her clearly peed in jeans.

They both turned to Alice, bobbing up and down in a mutual potty dance. ”Which one of us gets the potty when you finish? It’s me, right?” bagerded Rachal. “No, it’s me! Right Alice” Tessa argued. Alice had already decided to stretch this pee out until they both wet their pants, if only to prevent one twin from gaining something to wield over the other. She slowed her flow, calculating the amount of time it would take by the stomps and kick of their legs. Definitely less than a minute.

They both had one hand holding back the flood, and one hand swatting at each other, when their gaze shot to Alice, eyes widening and tearing up at the realization that they likely wouldn’t be able to wait. “...A-Alice…” whimpered Tessa, “...I can’t hold it anymore..”.

Rachel looked at her feet “...I’m gonna have an accident...Uhmm…” Rachel sniffled, growling as she made one final effort to stay dry. Both girls let out noises between a sigh of relief and a sob of shame as their ribbon-adorned shorts filled and overflowed with pee-pee. Alice decided to keep going a little longer, so they wouldn’t feel like they could have made it if they tried harder. She finally ran out of juice, just as the fluid all over and around her sister's feet finished cooling.

Alice suggested they go change into fresh clothes, when Donna knocked loudly. “Hey, you guys have to come back to the living room. Alice said I was in charge while she peed, so you have to do what I say.” Donna ordered.

“No I didn’t!” Alice cracked the door to address at Donna.

“Yeh, well Bella said you were in charge while she got lunch, cause you're the oldest after her. I’m the oldest after you, so if you're not there I’m in charge.” she tried to justify her behavior to her sister. “I can report how responsible I was when you were peeing!” she offered in excitement, shoving through the door before Alice could respond. “I made Tessa and Rachal pick up their toys and-” she took in the wet pants of the twins, eyes widening when she saw Lisa’s similar issue.

“...Ah Ha Ha! The two babies peed themselves!” she cheered, feeling that her maturity had been validated.

“Shut up! So did Lisa, and she's the oldest! And so did you after your soccer game last month!” Tessa was beet red with embarrassment and rage.

“That’s different. Even mature adults have an occasional accident when they fall on the soccer field, or go on a long car trip. It’s completely different. And besides, that was a whole month ago. I’ve grown up a lot since then” Donna squealed defensively, trying and failing to sound condescending.

“Not at night!” Rachel taunted “We haven’t wet the bed in almost 9 months, so were more grown up than you! You have to use plastic sheets cuz’ your a big baby!” apparently, she and Tessa were on the same side again, ready to put their differences aside to gang up on Donna. Blushing in shame, Donna tried to deny the secret know throughout the family.

“STOP IT!” ordered Lisa, fixing all the girls with a glare. “ Donna. Don’t tease the twins for having an accident. You never know when you may wind up in that position yourself.” she turned to the twins “And you two. You know better than to tease Donna about her issue. You're old enough to understand how hurtful that is.”.

All three girls hung their head in shame, and the twins joined Lisa in changing clothes upstairs. Donna sat down in the kitchen as Bella returned. Alice realized she hadn’t gotten an answer as to the reason Lisa had been unable to urinate upright. Eva was dropped off by her friends just as Bell finished making fancy grilled cheese sandwiches, apple-carrot salad, and iced passionflower tea. She was accepted to a top culinary school, starting in the fall. Eva dashed to the nearest restroom the minute she came in, and her moans of mollification could be heard by the others as they sat down to eat.

Eva soon joined the other girls at the table. “Well. That drive took an eternity. Every line for every ladies room was huge.” she took a sandwich, and a helping of iced tea. Alice remembered her question from before. “Why didn’t you or Lisa pee standing up? You had to go really bad, and Lisa had to wet her pants.” Alice shrugged in apology when she caught Lisa’s scowle.

Bella cleared her throat. “I didn’t actually teach them yet, Alice.” she continued inspired “But I should definitely make sure all my sisters are taken care of before I leave for college. You can help me teach!” she beamed at Alice. Bella explained the skill to her sisters, and deputised Alice to help teach the younger girls. Alice agreed, and they looked around at the sisters reactions.

“Sure, that sounds like it'll come in handy.” said Lisa, who had had all shyness about bathroom actitis washed away by bearing witness to 6 round of potty training. She was immunized by the constant demands to be escorted to the bathroom at the dinner table.

“I’m only gonna pee standing from now on.” Eva joked. Her sense of humor and brashness had been missed greatly during the school year, and her boldness would make lessons easier.

“I want the first lesson! Dibbs!” Donna waveed her hands franticly.

“No!” yelled the twins in tandem.

“I’m calling double dibs!” declared Rachal

“And I’m calling dibs infinity! So take that!” Tessa grinned smugly. Apparently the twins were still united against a common enemy. They seemed to have agreed in their occasionally-used hive mind that they would do their lessons together.

Signing, Lisa walked over to the counter, and brought back dice, paper, and a pen. She assigned each eligible sister a number, declaring 6 to be a re-roll, and quickly worked out a schedule. Her studies were preparing her well for her goal of managing the family pharmacy. Finishing her chart, she pinned it to the fridge, and turned with a this-is-nonnegotiable-on-a-fundamental-level look, and sat back down. The lessons would begin a few hours after lunch. The intro courses would be given in the following order: Rachal, Eva, Donna, Lisa, Tessa; and be done by bedtime. Alice handed Rachal 2 tall glasses of purpley-red iced tea.

Rachal (and Tessa):Lesson 1

6-year-old’s aren’t known for their fluid retention skills, so it only took a single 30 minute tv program for her to be pounding on Bella’s door, Alice and Tessa standing behind her. The twins had pinky-sworn to do each lesson together, and master the stance befor Donna did. Tessa had only drank ¼ of the volume that Rachel was holding, but her bladder was giveing regular sympathy throbs. She had room to hold what she had at least 2 more hours, but her twin’s discomfort had her bursting with empathy. Bella opened the door, and immediately grasped the situation. She grabbed Rachel's hand, and the 4 sisters walked briskly to the bathroom 3 doors down.

Their house had 3 full-bathrooms, 2 on the second floor and 1 on the first. There were 3 powder rooms, 1 on the first floor, 1 in the basement, and 1 on the second floor. The girls were lucky enough to each have their own room, though the twins had converted one into a playroom and one into a double.

Bella was giving instructions as they approached the full-bathroom, Rachel was gripping her bladder, and wriggling her lowed body with every wobbly step. They finally got to the bathroom. Rachel bounded to the toilet, and shuffled down her legging-pants and panties. She almost cried with gratitude that someone had left the lid open, as she stood on the stepping-stool that each bathroom had for easy access.

Their parents were ready to be done mopping up their daughter’s puddles, and the twins were finally using the toilet on their own, so they were sure to provide the supplies needed to mount the bowl fast enough. Lisa had helped the twins sop up their earlier incident, and led them through the process of washing their pants, towels, and underwear. That was the main reason that the girls left the schedule on the fridge. The parents would be fully on board if the twins learned a method to avoid accidents following fights like the one before lunch. And their parents weren’t particularly rigorous about traditional vs. nontraditional gender roles. They joked that working full time and raising 7 daughters left them too busy to bother.

Rachel chanted Bella’s instructions in her head, Alice helped her adjust her hips and reminded her to pee as hard as she could. Nodding, Rachel flexed her lower body to push the pee out farther, and opened up for relief. The intensity of her need let her shoot her stream into the bowl on her first try. Her struggle was in staying steady, splashing across the toilet seat she hadn’t thought to lift, but thankfully missing her panties.

Tessa had a similarly sized bladder, so she couldn't wait any longer 2 seconds in. Luckily, Alice had the foresight to guide her into the shower stall, and tell her to drop her pants and underwear. Her sister demonstrated the technique from under her skirt, into the shower drain, and talked through copying her stance. She got into position just as her body let go. Her pee shot out before she could process what was about to happen, probably because her urinary tract was compressed and angled towards the drain. The first bit landed in her lowered pants, but she quickly switched to peeing for distance. Her pee puddled in front of the drain, not reaching as far as Alice had. Tessa was surprised how little she let out, even considering her need was mostly a sympathy urge for her twin.

Both girls had finished, and wiped. Rachel wiped down the toilet seat, and Tessa stepped out and ran the shower to wash the pee down the drain. The splash of wee in her panties wasn’t enough to change, so both girls went back to their play room with a freshly washed highfive.

This is just a different POV of part of Alice's lessons.

Counter Guy’s Lament (takes place during Alice's flashback of Bella teaching her to use a urinal)

The counter guy was glad he wouldn't be mopping up after the poor kid. Irresponsible ass of a sister making the girl hold it till she was doing a pee-pee dance like that. 7 large sodas. He had been obligated to pour 7 large sodas for that tiny girl, watching her get more and more uncomfortable. The 1st soda was right before the lunch rush, and the 2nd was just as it started. He had been too busy scooping and pouring to notice that the little girl hadn't peed yet, as she ordered her 3rd mid rush.

When she walked back to the counter for the while the lunch rush wound down, ready for the 4rth soda of the day, he noticed her twisting back and forth on the counter stool. He assumed that she would either go to the bathroom on her own when the need got too bad, for her older sister(?) would make her the minute she saw that she needed to. He kept glancing back, getting more irritated at the older girl every glance. The girl was bouncing up and down at the counter as he poured her 5th refill. When he gave it to her, he quietly asked “Do you have to go potty, hun? The bathrooms right there” The little girl looked at the door he pointed to.

He was horrified to she the expression on her young face. It was the look of being tempted to take something you need, but either don’t want t\or aren't allowed to have. That bitch of a sister had her that afraid to ask for a bathroom break? He begrudgingly handed the kid another soda. When her sister got up and walked over for her 2nd glass and the girls 6th, he gave her one last shot at redemption.

“Hey, Miss. Sorry to pry, but it seems your sister could really use a swing by the restroom.” he said like it wasn’t the most excruciatingly obvious thing in the world. Like the girl wasn’t sitting on her ankle, hands firmly in the universal ‘ holding it’ position over her skirt. Like he hadn’t just watched the kid drink 5 sodas without a single trip to the bathroom.

He and his younger brother once had a babysitter that got mad when they asked for the bathroom, and even madder when they failed to. He still hated her for snapping at his brother for a public wetting that was her fault. It’s not like a kids gonna have the foresight to not drink soda when their with that babysitter.

The sister’s response made him furious. “She’s fine” the bitch said dismissively, walking back to her sister and handing her a glass of pure agony. That was 6 goddamn drinks. Her sister was going to explode! She had bought them large sodas, every serving was 8oz! Her sister didn’t seem to have gone to the bathroom since a pit stop when they first arrive an hour before lunch rush. It was early evening know. That girl hasn’t seen a toilet in 6 hours! No wonder she was doing a little jig in her chair. So to recap one 9-year-old bladder was holding 48 oz of caffeinated beverages, and had been getting to that point for 6 hours straight. He almost cried when she got her 7th refill.

It was a miracle her she hadn’t flooded her skirt already, wasn’t letting out a waterfall on the floor as he poured the drink. Her eyes were staring at the soda running down into the glass. This was definitely the last glass for the girl. He sighed as she lurched away dreading the thought of bearing witness to her impending humiliation. It was late, but older children still came in with their parents. Some were probably the girl's classmates. When her bladder gave in, and her pee came gushing onto the floor, there would be at least a few witnesses.

The poor thing was doomed, he wondered how bad it would be for her. She might take that first/last sip of drink #7, when the few drops filled her past maximum capacity, and she wet herself in her chair. She might have an accident before she even reached the table, wetting onto the floor, where everyone would notice. Mabey she could hold it through the drink, but when she tried to stand, everything would just let go. He shuddered at the thought of her too desperate to move, helplessly waiting for the inevitable.

To his shock, the girl finished the last drink, and stood without having her accident. He was at the edge of his seat as she and her bitchy sister made the pilgrimage to the enclave with the bathrooms. He couldn’t see the door, so he listened for splatting and sobbing. All he heard was the opening and closing of a bathroom door . Little girl must have be busting for the week of her little life about now. He silently rooted for her. He had heard of kids who get to a bathroom and start weeping as soon as the toilets in sight. He was ecstatic when she returned completely dry, with an expression of pride and relief on her face. He even checked the bathrooms before he left, but there was no piddle spilled anywhere in the shop. Except the accidents of a few other children, of course. This was an ice cream shop. But she had held it in like a champion, despite her horrible older sister. He was so proud.

*005*2017-08-01 12:21

This is the next section of the "Lessons for Every Sister" story. I'm leaving on a trip latter today, so I won't be able to post much for about 3 weeks.

Eva: Lesson 1:

As she heard the twins scamper out of the bathroom, Eva poured herself 2 glass of lemony iced tea. The caffeine in the black tea, the chill of the ice, and the diuretic lemon juice would have her ready to go in 10 minutes, desperate in 20. She told Alice and Bella to meet her in the upstairs powder room in 15, and finished another chapter of her book. She closed the book and mad the slightly stiff walk to her waiting sisters. Alice hadn’t thought to go between sessions, and was becoming aware of how heavily those consequences were weighing on her.

Seeing Eva, she immediately jolted to attention “I’ll do a demonstration!” she eagerly yelled, not giving Eva a chance to respond before she arranged herself in front of the toilet. Her legs straddled the bowl slightly, and her back arched forward to allow her hips to angle towards the bowl. Her hands gripped the tank for balance, as she rose onto her toes to compensate for her height. She let go as soon as she was in position. The pattering of her pulsing stream soothed Alice, as she focused on controlling the arch. Her shoulders relaxed as the last of the heaviness was purged from her bladder.

Alice turned, realizing her sister was pushing her butt into the wall behind her with the hand glued to her crotch. Alice’s smile of satisfaction turned to a furrow of concern. She cleared a path to the toilet for Eva, and Bella smiled in encouragement. Eva took the 4 brisk steps to the toilet and paused. She took a few deep breaths in preparation, before letting go of her crotch to yank down her jeans. She couldn’t get them past her thighs, but she prioritized squatting around the bowl over pulling them down farther. Her position was fine, but Eva had middling-to-poor marksmanship.

She couldn’t keep her hips aimed at the bowl, and pee was landing on the seat. It sprayed a little on the wall, and she canted her hips back to find the issue. Her eyes widened as she felt the warmth cradling her thighs. She looked down and confirmed her dilemma. She was in fact, pissing into her lowered skinny jeans and green panties. She forgot how to move as she watched the stream vanish into the darkening fabric. Even after it ended, she stood staring for a full minute in disbelief. Bella kindly offered to retrieve fresh pants and underwear for Eva, as she and Alice cleaned up the pee that had soaked through to the floor. “Sorry I hogged the toilet…”Alice said. “....This” she gestured to her wet pants, still around her thighs, “wasn’t really related to that. I just can’t aim.” she conceded. “I needed practice at first too.” comforted Alice as Belle returned.

