Princesses Need to Pee Too

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2023-03-20 18:31

Part 1

Princess Marion sighed, looking out the window of her family's private jet. The large river that made up the border of Corinthius and Treant could be seen barely down below. Marion, like many other princess, was being married off to a prince. Her prince was Prince Wilbur of Corinthius, and she had met him few times before now. He was a kind young man, and was very good looking. He had managed to charm Marion a couple times, and despite their few meetings they had become close through messages and video calls. As a gift to Marion before the wedding plans got into full swing, they offered to host her birthday ball, the one announcing she was coming of age. Her family had accepted the offer, and now they were on their way to the Corinthian palace. Marion had only been there once, and it was almost as beautiful as the Treantian one (or maybe she was biased.).

"Marion? Marion!" Her mother's voice cut into her thoughts. "Were you listening?"

Marion looked up. "Sorry, I zoned out. What did you say?"

"I said that we're going to be a little late, so we'll be taken to our rooms to quickly prepare for your birthday ball." She said. The queen smiled. "Oh, it was so kind of the Everson's to host your ball!"

Marion nodded absentmindedly. In her abdomen, she felt a quite noticeable twinge. Marion shrugged it off. When you're in a royal family, you have to have an iron bladder. She knew she'd be fine for a while.

~~~~~

When the plane landed, the king, queen, and heir of Corinthius were waiting. Prince Wilbur walked up to Marion and gave her a hug.

"It's really great to see you again!" He said, smiling.

A smile spread across Marion's face. "Yeah."

Even though Marion and Wilbur were in an arranged marriage, it seemed they could make it work. Maybe even be actually in love. Wilbur was kind, and matched Marion's outwardly cold personality. Wilbur grabbed her hand and led her inside before she could say hello to the king and queen. She would just greet them later.

"Mother and father said I could take you to your room." He ways saying, still bright and cheerful. "I heard that the ball is going to be a lot of fun!"

"I wouldn't expect anything less from the king and queen of Corinthius." Marion replied.

Wilbur slowed down a bit. "You're... okay with everything, right?"

Marion raised a brow. "What do you mean?"

"Like, the whole marriage thing. I know it'll be a little weird, but we're good friends, right? It should be okay?"

Marion patted him on the shoulder. "Don't worry about it, Wilbur. Maybe we can hang out in between wedding planning so that it'll feel more comfortable."

Wilbur seemed more assured. "Yeah, that's a good idea. Thanks, Mar."

"Anytime."

Marion felt another twinge in her bladder and bit back an annoyed sigh. It wasn't uncomfortable yet, but the constant reminder was annoying. Wilbur led Marion to a nice guest room, with white walls and a plush, white carpeted floor. The bedspread was a light yellow, and there was a pale teal canopy above the bed. It was a nice space, and had the Corinthian colors on it. Marion smiled as she saw a grand piano by the balcony entrance. Wilbur saw her smile and grinned.

"Mother and father know you like playing the piano, so they had it moved in here before you came. It'll also be moved to our room after we get... uh, married." He smiled nervously.

Marion felt her heart beat a little faster. The prince was cute when he was nervous... maybe she was falling in love already after all. There was a knock on the door, and then three young women came in. Wilbur waved at them.

"Hello Lucielle, Mary, and Josephine." He turned back towards Marion. "Marion, these are your servants. They're very kind young ladies, and I know you all will get along well!"

Marion smiled at the girls. "Hello."

"Nice to meet you, your majesty." Josephine said, curtsying. The other two followed suite.

"It's nice to meet you as well." Marion replied.

Wilbur walked towards the door. "I'll leave you to it! See you tonight, Marion!" He smiled. She noticed Wilbur was very smiley today. It made Marion's heart flutter again.

Lucielle looked at Marion. "I'll prepare your shower, and then we'll get you in your dress! It'll be a wonderful evening."

Mary nodded, smiling. Marion wondered if she just wasn't too chatty... they would probably become close.

~~~~~

After Marion took a shower, the girls started preparing her for the ball. The dress she was wearing was a long, rose-red tulle dress with off the shoulder short sleeves. It was beautiful, and the red matched the color of her golden-brown eyes and dirty-blonde hair. Mary tied a white ribbon around the high waist of the dress, which pressed against Marion's bladder and returned her mind to her growing need. She hadn't peed for quite a while, and that combined with the water she had during the flight and while she was getting ready made her a tad bit uncomfortable. Still, she would need to be able to hold her composure for a while. After the girls were done, Marion walked down the hall and towards the grand door to the ballroom. Wilbur was waiting there, looking nervous. His suite matched the color of Marion's dressed, and they looked like a good pair together. His fluffy, dark brown hair was in his eyes, which made him look pretty cute. Marion noticed a slight blush on his cheeks.

"You... you look amazing." He said.

Marion smiled. "Likewise. Are you ready?"

He took a deep breath. "Yep! Let's do this!"

Marion held his hand as the doors open, and the two stepped out into the ballroom. The large crowd had already gathered, and they took in the future king and queen on Corinthius. Soon after the two entered, the ball started to become more fun, with food and drinks and a lot of talking. Marion and Wilbur stuck together most of the time, chatting with the guests. A few hours into the celebration, Marion suddenly felt a wave of desperation. She bit the inside of her cheek. I didn't know I had to go that badly! All the refreshments must've gone straight to my bladder... Marion looked over at Wilbur, waiting until they had a moment without anyone trying to chat with them.

"Do you know when the party will be over?" Marion asked, keeping her voice down.

Wilbur shrugged. "It'll probably be a while. Until eleven at least."

Marion felt alarmed. Eleven?! It's only six o' clock!

"Uh, Marion?"

She snapped back into it. "Sorry, I zoned out... what did you say?"

"I asked if you were okay." Wilbur said, looking a little concerned.

Marion forced a smile. "I'm just a little peopled out already, heh." She lied.

"I can try and get us away from the party for a bit." Wilbur offered.

Marion shook her head. "No, it's fine. Besides, people would probably... er... talk if you know what I mean."

Wilbur's face flushed a little. "Y-Yeah."

Marion smiled sympathetically, patting his shoulder again. He got flustered pretty easily! Marion fought back an irritated sigh as she felt another wave of desperation, that white ribbon tied tightly and pressing against her quickly filling bladder... still, she was determined to hold it as long as she needed to.

To be continued

*002*2023-03-21 15:20

Thank you!

*003*2023-03-22 19:00

~~~~~

An hour and a half passed, and Marion had been drinking lots of water due to the ballroom getting warm from it being packed with people. She hadn’t peed since early that morning, and while she had held her pee for a while on many occasions, she couldn’t remember the last time she had held it for so long. It had been… twelve hours! Marion couldn’t help but feel a little proud of herself. Her need was still pretty noticeable, but Marion wasn’t about to let a drop escape or lose any of her composure. She had held it for longer! But then again, she didn’t have to pee too bad… Marion shook off her doubt. She’d be fine. She couldn’t dishonor her family’s name by peeing herself at a ball hosted in her honor. She’d be an embarrassment! Marion felt a tap on her shoulder, and looked to see who it was. Wilbur, maybe? Marion’s hopes immediately plummeted when she saw her irritating and rude sister, Ananya. (uh-neye-yuh). She had married the prince of Xylem a while back.

“Hello, Anaya. Wonderful to see you.” Marion said with forced happiness.

Anaya smirked. “Sure. And I wouldn’t miss my little sister’s birthday ball. Don’t expect a gift by the way.”

Marion rolled her eyes, dropping the fake cheerfulness. “Yeah, I wasn’t. Do you need something?”

“Nothing… just noticed you looked a bit tense.” Anaya said, sipping from her glass.

“What are you implying?” Marion asked, frowning.

Anaya lowered her voice. “Don’t be a baby and hold it. Don’t you dare embarrass me or the mother and father.”

“I wasn’t planning to, sister.” Marion replied, standing up straighter. “By the way, I think it’s time for dinner. I’ll see you around later.”

Marion didn’t wait for a reply. She walked off, but not before catching an angered look on her sister’s face. She felt a bit of sastificatoin at annoying her. Marion sat down, and she was relieved that it took a bit of pressure off her bladder. Wilbur sat down next to her and smiled.

“Still peopled out?” He asked.

Marion sighed. “Ugh, you wouldn’t even know. My sister is here.”

Marion’s mother looked up, smiling. “She is? I haven’t seen her yet! Maybe I’ll talk to her after dinner…”

Marion wondered if Anaya would tell their mother about Marion’s growing desperation to embarrass her… probably not. Anaya would just silently make sure it’s constantly nagging Marion. She would need to prepare herself for a long night…

(I don’t have a lot of ideas for this rn, so comment an idea if you have one!)

Idk why the font is so large, but it'll be back to normal for next post. I think it's because I copy and pasted it from a google doc.

