Carly's Misfortune: A bad day at the fair

Author: sammilove

*000*2019-09-22 02:42

Carly awoke to very strong shaking of her leg. It was her best friend, Ashley, waking her up. They were supposed to go to the State Fair at 11am. It was 8am.

"Shit." Carly thought herself. "Slept over by an hour."

She quickly hopped out of bed and ran to the bathroom to start her morning routine. She put her makeup on as fast as she could without messing up. She was rather proud of herself for having it done in such a quick time. Now for the complicated part, her outfit.

Carly was a little bit more heavy set than most girls her age but not overweight by any means. She was 5'7, 150lbs soaking wet. She opened her closet door in an attempt to find a top. She pulled out a floral pattern white and red sundress, a blue and black striped tank top, and solid green knee-length dress. She had always preferred dresses over pants and shorts any day. She decided the floral red and white sundress. It was a little bit shorter than the other dress, but not slutty. She liked the dress because it was simple and very free flowing.

"Carly! Let's go! It's already 10:30." shouted Ashley from down the stairs.

"I'm almost ready! I just gotta find my flats!" exclaimed Carly.

Carly has completely lost track of the time. She scrambled to find her red and white flats. They matched really well with her dress. They had roses printed all over them. Carly ran down stairs to meet Ashley and leave. She noticed she could feel an immediate pressure in her bladder.

"Fuck. I know we're running behind but I have to go pee so bad." exclaimed Carly

"How did you just now realize this?! We're gonna be late!" said Ashley.

"Calm down. I'll be quick I promise."

"If we're late and I miss the giveaway for the concert tickets I'm gonna be so mad. So hurry up. Please!"

Carly exited the bathroom a minute later, very clearly relieved. Ashley didn't say anything to her but she did nod. They got in the car and left for the fair. It was a very uneventful 20 minute drive to the fairgrounds, as usual.

3:00 PM

"Carly! Hurry up! I gotta go pee so bad!" Screamed Ashley. "Please! I'm about to pee myself!"

"Fuck Ash, hang on. After this booth, we will go because I really have to go too. Five minutes."

"I don't think I can wait five minutes Carly....I can feel it trying to escape!"

"Why didn't you say something before we got in line for this?? I guess we will go NOW!" sighed Carly. She was a very disappointed because at that booth, was her favorite TV anchor. She had such a crush on him. And to make things worse for her, He was SINGLE. She wanted so badly to shoot her shot with him but Ashley's baby bladder was gonna ruin it for her.

The two made their way to bathroom as quickly as they could. Carly really didn't have to pee THAT bad. Not compared to Ashley anyways. But she figured she'd go ahead and go since she had been drinking a lot that day. They finally made it to the bathroom. No line. Thank goodness. Ashley darted for the closest stall. "Fuckkkkk this feels so good..." exclaimed Ashley from inside the stall. Carly decided at the last second to not go. The bathrooms weren't exactly the cleanest so she was gonna try to find another one.

Ashley emerged a minute later, very clearly relieved. "Oh my god, I feel like a new woman." said Ashely.

"Well, I still gotta go. And these are disgusting. Can we go find another one? Please Ash?"

"You're a damn germ-a-phobe know that? Lets go try to find you a 'cleaner' bathroom."

"Yay! Because I really gotta go now."

Carly had secreted always enjoyed holding her pee and had even done it a few times in private. Although, she usually went she had to go this badly. She thought she was strong enough to make it somewhere else. And if not, well, at least she wasn't wearing pants the would reveal the accident. She absolutely didn't want to have an accident though. She was 27 years old, gonna be 28 in two weeks. Accidents were for little kids and teenagers who had never experienced this sensation before. She had plenty of experience though so she didn't have an excuse, at least her mind.The pair had been walking for roughly 15 minutes trying to find one where she felt a small spurt of pee escape.

"Ashley. We gotta go back. Its getting really bad." begged Carly.

"This was your idea. If you wanna turnaround its up to you. But I can literally see one over there." stated Ashley.

"Fuck lets go. I can't wait much longer."

Carly might've made a critical error waiting this long. She was really regretting not going when Ashley did. The last time she had to go this bad, she was a teenager and didn't know her limits. She ruined her favorite pair of khakis and her drivers seat. But that's another story for another time. Right now, she was dying to pee. But relief was in sight. Just another hundred feet or so.

At this point she was walking with a slight cant to her. It helped relieve the pressure. She feeling a spurt with every step. She was starting to panic. She wanted to do nothing more than throw her hands between her legs and regain control like she always does when its THIS bad. But she was too self conscious to do that. She was already worried someone would see her dilemma and laugh. And it was obvious now. She was almost running now. Relief was SO close! All she had to do was open the stall, and drop her underwear. But that even seemed like a struggle. Her bladder felt like a brick was pushing it down and making it hundred times worse.

She ran in the first stall available, turned to lock the door, and attempted to sit down. But it was all in vain, her bladder said ENOUGH WAS ENOUGH! As soon as the door shut, her bladder unleashed its load. 4 1/2 hours of pent up pee, down her legs, and flooding the floor. She tried to pull her dress up as quickly as she could and sit down. She managed to get most of it in the toilet. But the poor lady next to her had to lift her feet to avoid the flood. She didn't say anything but "Oh dang. Are you okay miss?"

Carly was mortified. She didn't say a word. She just sat there. Blood red. After a few minutes, the lady got up and left. Carly slowly peered under the stall with her phone, hoping she was alone. She was. She slowly removed her drenched underwear from her ankles. "What do I do with these? They are drenched." she whispered to herself. "I'll just ball them up and toss them." She slowly emerged from the stall, checked for witnesses, and tossed them. She washed her hands very thoroughly as they had a decent amount of pee on them.

She emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later to find Ashley, hysterically laughing at Carly for having an accident, in public, at the Fair! "How the hell did she know?!" thought Carly.

"What are you talking about Ash?" asked Carly while trying not to blush.

"I can't believe you PEED yourself!" laughed Ashley. "The lady that just came out asked me if I was waiting on my daughter, I said 'No Ma'am, I don't have a daughter. 'and she said, 'Well, I think somebody just had an accident in the bathroom. If you were waiting for somebody to come out, you might wanna check on them. Poor girl. I'd be mortified.' said Ashley.

"Well, If I recall correctly, you literally almost peed yourself earlier. So I don't wanna hear it right now Ash. I just wanna forget about it okay? pleaded Carly.

"Fine, I'll be quiet."

"Thank you. I just wanna go to the car and hide. I feel so embarrassed."

Ashley nodded. The two slowly made their way to the car. Carly was so humiliated. She was an adult. How does this happen. She knew her limits. She has better self control than this. But how could this happen?!? To her, in PUBLIC! Carly started to tear up. She knew nobody could see her or know what happened. But that didn't matter. She felt like a child. The two finally made it to the car after what felt like a year long walk.

"Hey Carly....are you still....still 'wet'?"

"What...Oh...no. My dress didn't get wet and I left the undies in the trash can in the bathroom."

"Oh. Well look, I'm sorry about what I said after it happened. It wasn't very mature. I feel really bad about it....Will you ever forgive me?"

"Ash, You're my best friend. I know you didn't mean anything by it deep down. Just promise me you will NEVER say anything about this to anyone ever. Okay?"

"I promise." stated Ashley.

The ride home was very dull. Carly couldn't stop thinking about the accident. How disappointed she was in herself. But she had never felt such a thrill again. She was intrigued but highly embarrassed about it. She had always liked holding her pee, but never to this extent or in public. She was always the girl who knew where the bathroom was. She wouldn't ever involuntarily put herself in this position. Well, she let her guard down and this happened.Lesson learned. But boy, was she excited. She almost wanted to do it again just to feel the rush again.

