Desperate girl in the Car, Will She Make It?

Author: Sylvesterson0

*000*2023-10-31 04:33

Francesca sat in the backseat of the family minivan, alongside her little sister. Her folks were picking her up from her first semester of university, and she was happy to be heading home for the Christmas break. Unfortunately, many kilometres of highway stood between them and their destination. They had already been on the road for an hour, and with traffic, there was no knowing how much longer the journey would last. Although she was dressed comfortably in leggings and a hoodie, Francesca wasn’t exactly comfortable. She had not only taken a water bottle in the car for the road trip, but she had also picked up a coffee when they stopped at Tim Hortons on the way out of town. She had polished off her coffee and consumed about half of the water in the rather large bottle, and she was regretting having been so careless with her intake of liquid.

Normally, Francesca was somewhat shy about asking for a bathroom, but in this case she knew she would need to abandon her usual boundaries. Her stomach was already bloated, and she was sitting with her thighs pressed together. Given that they still had so long to go, and the amount of fluid she had ingested, Francesca knew that she had to ask for a bathroom break, or else risk serious embarrassment. “Hey dad”, she muttered, “can we have a bathroom break soon?” Her dad hesitated, before replying, “There’s a restaurant I wanted to stop at in about twenty minutes, can you wait that long?” Francesca sighed, “yeah sure”, she didn’t want to wait that long, but she complied nonetheless, not wanting to give the impression that she couldn’t control her bladder. She looked out the window and prepared for an unpleasant twenty minutes.

Fifteen minutes had gone by since Francesca had spoken up about her need to pee, meaning that they were supposedly only five minutes away from the restaurant. Francesca was starting to get really antsy. She was trying to be discreet about her urge, but she wasn’t sure how much longer she could go without showing obvious signs of needing to use the toilet. The constant pressure she was feeling forced her to cross her legs in order to minimise discomfort, but however much she squeezed them together, she couldn’t make her urge go away. As she thought about how incredible it would feel to tear her leggings off, plop down on a toilet seat and relax her muscles, she noticed something unmistakable. The van approached a massive traffic jam, eventually coming to a complete stop.

Francesca hurriedly got her phone out, turned on her data, and searched for local news. There, she found what she had been dreading, there had been an accident, and major delays were expected. She slouched in her seat, uncrossed her legs, and promptly recrossed them the other way over. She slipped her hand under her hoodie and massaged her bulging bladder, waiting for her parents to say something. “Shit, they better clear this up fast”, her dad exclaimed “you okay back there?” “I really have to go”, Francesca whined as she crossed her arms and pouted her face. “We’ll get to the bathroom as soon as we can”, said her mother. Still trying not to show obvious signs of needing to pee, she fidgeted with her hands as discreetly as she could and looked out the window at the endless traffic, utterly frustrated at the situation she found herself in.

Minute after minute went by, but the van just wasn’t moving. Francesca’s need was increasing rapidly, but she was completely stuck. She looked at her empty coffee cup, almost wishing she could overcome her dignity and empty herself into it, but she knew she could never do that in front of her family. Her only viable option was to hold it. She couldn’t help but fidget now, and her feet were starting to dance around on the floor. She uncrossed her legs, removed her shoes, and sat with her feet on the seat, but the more time passed, the more she squirmed. She knew her sister, who was sitting next to her, could tell that she was getting desperate, but out of sheer embarrassment, she couldn’t even look in her sister's direction. Her bladder was screaming at her, and she was in genuine pain. She longed for a bathroom, but the traffic just wasn’t letting up.

@@It had been an hour since Francesca had first expressed her need to use the toilet. “How you doing?”, asked her mom. Francesca looked up at her with a pained expression on her face. She only had the will to restate what she had said before, “I really have to go”. “Hang on”, said her mom with evident concern. Sitting with her feet on the seat was making her legs cramp up, so Francesca returned to a normal sitting position. She desperately wanted to grab herself, but her dignity wouldn’t allow it. Instead, she lifted her bum off the seat and hiked her leggings up as far as she could, giving herself a big wedgie and putting some much needed pressure between her legs. This only eased the pressure temporarily though, as she was soon just as desperate as she had been before. She crossed her legs and continued to squirm and shift and fidget. Suddenly, she felt a wave of pressure come on. As casually as she could, she opened her legs, just for a second, and put her hand down there to give herself a squeeze. She took it out after a few seconds, instead resorting to grabbing her thighs.

@@An hour after they had become stuck in traffic, and an hour and fifteen minutes after Francesca had asked for a bathroom break, the van began to move, but it was excruciatingly slow. Everyone in the car could tell that they had a serious situation on their hands, but there was nothing anyone could do. Francesca was starting to get worried that she would pee her pants. She felt another wave of desperation come on, and she once again moved to put her hand between her legs. She managed to give herself another squeeze, but not before she leaked a little pee into her panties. She briefly removed her hand to inspect the damage, and indeed there was a small wet spot on her leggings. This sent Francesca into panic mode. She crossed her legs and squeezed them together for dear life, and she buried her hand in her crotch, clenching her muscles with all her might. “Mom, I don’t think I can hold it much longer”, she said. “Just hang on”, her dad butted in, “we’re starting to move”. Francesca felt like crying, but she continued to do everything she could not to have an accident.

“There it is”, exclaimed her dad as he pointed off in the distance. The restaurant was now visible on the horizon, but as slowly as the car was moving, it would still likely be several minutes before they could get there. Something about seeing the restaurant loosened Francesca’s bladder muscles, long enough for her to let out another leak. She badly wanted to avoid an accident, but she couldn’t stop nature from calling. She had a small bladder, she had had too much to drink, and she had waited too long. The pain was simply too much for her to tolerate. She felt another leak coming, but this time she didn’t stop it, and she unleashed a torrent of pee into her panties that lasted at least five seconds. She felt the warmth encapsulate her crotch and trickle down to her bum, and she noticed a wet spot in her lap, which she hid from her family’s view with her hands.

@@Despite the van moving closer and closer to the restaurant, releasing a portion of her flood only made Francesca more desperate to release the rest. A few minutes after her big leak, she couldn’t take in anymore. The pain was so bad that tears were forming in her eyes, so she simply let go, relaxing her muscles. After a few seconds, it started coming out, and she sat in her seat with her hands in her lap, doing nothing to stop it. A faint hiss could be heard from the jet of urine crashing against her underwear, but she nonetheless kept peeing until it was all out. The wet spot in her lap expanded to totally cover her thighs and bum, and pee even began dripping from the edge of the seat. They would arrive at the restaurant within ten minutes of her accident, and her mom retrieved her luggage from the trunk of the van so that she could change into some dry sweatpants. Francesca had had close calls before, but this was the first time she had wet herself since she was six, and she hoped it would be the last.

