No Time For A Break

Author: secretomoact

*020*2021-05-22 03:47

Very brief mention of self-harm (no details on the method) and homophobia in this one.

***

As he and James explored the cavern, Ethan could not stop thinking about what had happened in the car. Those tiny, whining noises James had made when he’d been desperate had been… strangely cute. Maybe it was just because Ethan liked to help people, to ‘save’ them. Maybe that was why helping James get the relief he so badly needed had made Ethan feel funny. Even if it was his fault James had gotten so desperately full, ‘saving’ him from having an accident had been a good feeling for Ethan.

He still couldn’t believe he’d been so oblivious of how severe James’s need was until it was nearly too late. Sure, he didn’t like to take his eyes off the road for anything, but looking back he had definitely heard James whimpering for a bit before they’d gotten stuck in traffic. That should have clued him in, surely? Still, he’d continually brushed it aside and focused on what he was doing. Had he just wanted James to hold it until he could barely manage it anymore?

That thought stopped all the others. Had that been what he wanted? Had he wanted to see James overcome with need and unable to handle it himself, all so Ethan could help him? Ethan didn’t want that to be the case, because if it was it had been downright mean to put James into such a desperate place. He didn’t think he had the same interests James did, did he? He understood fetishes were more or less something a person was born with, that they couldn’t be chosen or gotten rid of. But, didn’t a person typically discover whatever kinks they may have when they were still in their teens as they were becoming aware of their sexuality?

But, for Ethan, becoming aware of his sexuality had been complicated, painful, and filled with attempts to repress all of his feelings. He’d been raised in such a deeply religious area, and not one that was known for tolerance. Every week since he was small, he listened to the preacher explain in detail how being gay was wrong, how it made a person an abomination, how it condemned them to Hell.

When Ethan realized that he liked men, it had been terrifying. He grew to despise himself and all of the feelings he could not manage to suppress. The self-loathing led to self-harm as he tried to punish himself for his feelings. As he grew up, he did stop hurting himself, he found a way to connect to the world spiritually that did not involve organized religion or threats of fire and brimstone. But, he continued to try to repress his emotions. He focused on his work and nothing else, if he worked all the time, he wouldn’t have any chance to get attached to someone. But, then there was James, and James was part of his work, so he couldn’t be avoided like everyone else. And, Ethan did get attached.

James was so loving and open with his feelings, the exact opposite of the repression Ethan had subjected himself to his entire life. Slowly but surely, Ethan found that he did not want to repress his feelings for James anymore. He wanted to be with him forever, to love him and to be loved by him. Things Ethan had never allowed himself to have before.

Could it be possible that years of trying to hide his sexuality, even from himself, had led to Ethan not knowing himself well enough to figure out all of the specific things he liked? Perhaps it was, he had certainly never explored his sexuality to the extent many people had. Or maybe, simply seeing how turned on James got from this pee thing had caused Ethan to link it to sex subconsciously? He would not rule that out, either.

He wasn’t positive if the feeling he’d gotten when helping James out had been sexual in nature, or merely just the good feelings he always got when he thought he was ‘saving’ someone. But… The emotions, whatever they were, that he’d had when James had gushed into the towel and thanked him so profusely for making it all better… That had been significantly more intense than any other ‘good deed’ had ever made Ethan feel. Even other times he’d helped James with something hadn’t made him feel quite like that.

They did eat at the pizza restaurant on the way back. Ethan reminded James to pee before they left there, and told him if he had another emergency on the way home to tug his sleeve. Ethan would pull over on the side of the road first chance he had if there was nowhere else to stop. James did need to go on the way back, he’d had a lot to drink at the restaurant and his bladder was sore after getting so full earlier, Ethan stopped right away as promised.

They got home, and Ethan mostly stopped thinking about it. There would be time to figure it all out later. It didn’t really matter right now. If he ever got curious, he knew already that James would be willing to try something with him, and for now Ethan didn’t mind letting James watch him pee every once in a while.

***

James was more or less jogging in place in line. His bladder felt like it was containing the entirety of the Atlantic Ocean and it was taking every last ounce of strength James had not to go right where stood. Ethan was beside him in line, and he wasn’t much better off. He was jumping up and down, and crossing his legs back and forth. James knew that if Ethan was acting so out of control in public, it meant he was on the very edge of flooding his pants.

If they weren’t surrounded by so many people, James would have found Ethan’s desperation ridiculously hot. If there weren’t what looked like two hundred people in line for the only urinal in the building in front of them, James would have found Ethan’s desperation ridiculously hot. If James weren’t more eager to be in front of that urinal than he’d ever been for anything in his life, James would have found Ethan’s desperation ridiculously hot.

This was such a huge place. Why was there only one restroom? And, why was that one restroom only equipped with a single urinal and nothing else? And why was the line flanked with tons and tons of noisy, gushing fountains on both sides of it? James turned to Ethan; “I can’t wait anymore!” He said. “I can’t hold it!”

Ethan paused his urgent, distressed bobbing for a second and suggested they find somewhere else to relieve themselves. As they left the tortuously long line and the agonizing, spraying fountains, James tried to remember where exactly they were.

They were… Oh, right. They were at the toilet museum. A huge, seven floor building filled with countless toilets and urinals that no one could actually use. Not even if they really, really, really had to go like James and Ethan both did! And, they couldn’t just try to sneakily pee in anything, either, because all the exhibits had guards watching for such behavior. And, even though nobody could use the toilets and urinals for real, they all had little hoses pointed at them that constantly sprayed water so a person could see how they worked.

What a weird place. Why were they here, again? Oh, now James remembered; Ethan wanted a fancy new toilet for his workplace and wanted to come here to get ideas. Except, now they were both so desperate to just go that neither of them could think straight. They could barely walk, either. With each step, James felt more and more pee gathering right at his opening and he had to hold himself tight to keep it from making it to his pants. And, even so, it felt like some drips were managing to soak through anyway.

They left the museum since there wasn’t anything they could actually pee into, and then they went outside to find the building was inside a massive forest. Great! They could go right away now! James ran for a bush and started to pull down his zipper.

Except, then suddenly he was in the Algebra classroom at his high school. Ethan was sitting in the desk next to his, which was kind of weird because he and Ethan had never been in school together. More importantly though, James still really had to pee, except now there were no trees or bushes to hide behind, nowhere he could go.

Ethan was tapping his feet and twisting around, he leaned over to James and whispered there was only one hour left in class and that the two of them should be able to make it that long. As James started to whisper back that he didn’t think he could, the bell rang. James didn’t question how Ethan had read the clock so wrong, he was too grateful that he was gonna get to pee soon. Both he and Ethan shot to their feet and ran from the classroom. They rushed down the hall towards where the restrooms were, but the hall was much, much, much longer than James remembered it ever being.

They reached the restroom, but when James pulled open the door, instead of leading to relief, it led back to the museum from earlier. All the toilets and urinals that couldn’t be used, all the gushing, trickling water. It was torture!

***

Ethan was woken by a sharp kick to his leg. He was startled by it. James didn’t normally flail around that much in his sleep, which was good. Before James, Ethan had never slept beside anyone before, he was worried it would be harder to sleep. But, sleeping beside James had actually made Ethan sleep more soundly than he thought he ever had in his life. James was warm and comforting, and Ethan could put his arms around him and drift off.

Tonight, though, James was not still. Ethan put on his glasses and saw he was tossing and turning every which way. Poor thing must be having a nightmare, Ethan thought. He considered waking James up— James was usually such a light sleeper it didn’t take much to rouse him— but, knew it wasn’t always the best idea to wake someone up in the middle of a bad dream.

James turned onto his side so he was facing Ethan, his hands going between his legs. Oh… Ethan realized then that James probably wasn’t having a bad dream, he was more likely having a pee dream. He wondered for a second how James could be woken by the smallest sound or nudge, but manage to stay sleeping through what was obviously a severe emergency. He’d probably wake up in a couple seconds… And Ethan had to admit he did look kind of cute like that, all distressed and scrunched up.

James didn’t wake up for several more seconds, just kept writhing in his sleep. Ethan decided to just get him up then. He gave James a firm nudge and his eyes popped open. James moved his hands from his crotch to push himself up. “What’s— Ah—!” James evidently became aware of his need and one of his hands went back against himself.

“You were fidgeting around quite a bit,” Ethan said. “I thought it looked as if you needed to—“

“I do!” James said. “I really do!” Thank goodness all of that had just been a dream. The toilet was just down the hall. He was glad Ethan had gotten him up, otherwise he could have easily had an accident in bed… Except, when he tried to get up, he realized there was still a pretty big chance of that happening anyway. James had to go so much that he couldn’t move. His legs were twisted together as he clutched his dick, and it felt like if he tried to move at all, he’d just start peeing.

Ethan was confused why James hadn’t sprung from the bed and rushed to relieve himself. He was so tangled up on himself, so obviously about to explode. Ethan couldn’t think of one reason why he was still sitting there and trying to hold it. “Go then, silly.”

“I don’t think I can get up,” James admitted. “It will come out. I won’t make it!”

“Of course you can make it,” Ethan said. “It’s not that far.”

James wanted to argue that it was way too far. Okay, maybe the restroom was just two doors down the hall from the bedroom, but that was still too far for James. He needed a toilet in front of him right this second, one he could get to without having to try walking while his bladder felt like it was going to pop him right in half. Before he could say anything, however, a burst of wet heat soaked into his palms. “Ah!” he whined out again.

Okay… So, Ethan guessed James really couldn’t make it down the hall to the restroom. At least not on his own, anyway. “It’s alright, James. I’ll help you. You’ll make it. I’m here…” Ethan stood and came around to James’s side of the bed. “Easy… Easy now,” he said, helping him up as slowly and carefully as he could. James remained doubled over the whole time, and his whimpering got louder and louder. “It’s not very far, it’s right down the hall.” He put an arm around James and started to help him hobble. James leaned against him, and Ethan felt his partner's body trembling with pained, urgent need. “I’ll make it all better,” Ethan said, and really, really hoped he could. James obviously didn’t even have a second left to lose, but if Ethan got him to move too fast, it could spell disaster.

They exited the bedroom and got to the hallway. Only a little bit longer. Poor James, Ethan thought. He was suspecting now that his partner likely had a history of bedwetting, if his body hadn’t woken him up on its own for this, and Ethan had needed to do it instead, there had probably been instances where he’d just peed in his sleep. If Ethan got him there in time, he thought it would feel pretty good to have rescued him from another night with damp sheets.

James gave a louder, anguished cry as they traversed the hall. “O—Oh! I’m peeing!” He said, voice strained and hoarse with panic.

Ethan reached the hand that wasn’t on James’s shoulder down towards his crotch. His hand joined James’s two and pressed. “Is this okay?”

“Yes,” James said. “It’s helping. Don’t let go.”

Ethan didn’t. He held James around the shoulder and held onto his crotch as they made it the last few steps.

“I think I’ll— I’ll go when I see the toilet. It’s already coming out,” James said as they stood in the doorway.

“You won’t have an accident,” Ethan said. “I need to let go of you for a second.”

“Don’t—!”

“Just for a second,” Ethan assured. “It will help.”

“Okay…” James said reluctantly. He moaned loudly as Ethan’s hand stopped squeezing his dick. The loss of that extra pressure was agonizing.

“I need you to let go, too.”

“I can’t!”

“James…”

James gave an even louder moan as he stopped gripping himself. The very instant he did, he was peeing, the crotch of his pajama pants rapidly darkening. Ethan pretended not to notice as he pulled out the button on them and pulled James’s dripping member out. “Okay, now hurry.”

James tried to pinch his opening shut as he hurried into the restroom. He flicked the light on with the hand that wasn’t clamped around his dick, and as soon as he made eye-contact with the toilet, it didn’t matter how tight he was gripping himself. He was peeing. Urine gushed into his clenched hand, getting it wetter and wetter as he dragged himself a few more steps. He let go and aimed himself toward the toilet before he was really close enough to it.

The seat was still down, so his stream spattered the side of it as he finally made it to the correct spot. Once he was finally there and could relax, the waterfall spraying from him did not increase its intensity; he’d been going full-force from the second he entered the room. It was just now it was ending up where it should have. Droplets were hitting the seat, but he couldn’t pause himself long enough to lift it up, nor to pull his pants down the rest of the way and turn around so he could just sit. He was moaning for all he was worth, the sounds ricocheted off the walls.

“Eheh,” Ethan chuckled from outside the room. “Does that feel pretty good?”

James responded with another, even louder moan.

“Guess that answers that…”

“You… You wanna watch?” James called a bit breathlessly.

“Do you want me to?”

“Sure.”

Ethan hesitantly entered the room. He noticed James hadn’t had time to put the seat up, but that was okay, it could be wiped off. With as much force as that stream of James’s had, it was definitely getting a little damp. Again, Ethan couldn’t help but find James’s expression pretty cute. A second later he realized why; That was one of the faces James made when Ethan got him off in bed; James had needed to pee so ridiculously badly that finally going felt as good as having Ethan’s mouth on his cock did. Fulfilling a simple, unavoidable biological need was causing James to feel orgasmic.

And, knowing that he’d delivered James that much pleasure by just helping him make it down a short hallway… Well, it felt pretty good to Ethan.

James turned to Ethan as it seemed his pee was winding down. “Heh… You’re looking pretty red. You like what you see?”

“Your face is… kind of… well, adorable, I suppose,” Ethan said. “Looks like you’re… really enjoying that.”

“I am…” James said. A few more spurts shot into the bowl. “Ahhh…. All done!” He shook himself off, and got some toilet paper to wipe off the seat. “Thanks for waking me up, I was having this super crazy dream, and I think I would have wet the bed if you hadn’t nudged me in time.”

“Wouldn’t want that,” Ethan said. “You were really squirming, though. You kind of kicked me.”

“Oh… Sorry.”

“It’s okay. I know you didn’t mean to do that. And… You… You looked a little… cute. When you were… fidgeting like that in your sleep. So… Needy. I guess. I just. I like helping you out with stuff, making you feel good, that sort of thing.”

“You made me feel really good,” James said. “Thank you.”

*021*2021-05-24 05:48

Ethan was a workaholic. And, he often ended up with a bit of a one track mind. It wasn’t uncommon for him to drink a few coffees, get to work, and not realize his bladder was full until he finally paused and noticed his legs had been crossed for the past hour. When that happened, he would quickly stand and hurriedly make his way to his restroom to unload all the liquid that had made its way to his bladder.

Ethan hadn’t really noticed this habit of his until James had confessed his interest in seeing him desperate. It was never a full-blown emergency when this happened— certainly nothing like what he’d experienced the day James was sick and unable to answer the phone— but it was uncomfortable. Now that James had got him thinking about this subject, Ethan realized that he got stuck in his work to the point of neglecting his bladder an awful lot. He wondered if maybe James had picked up on this before Ethan himself had.

He was thinking about it a lot now because, now that he knew of James’s interest, he felt a little more awkward about his tendency to take sudden, rushed and hurried breaks. He wasn’t ashamed, that wasn’t the right word. It just… Felt weird, was all. He didn’t even really know why. James had never commented on it to him or anything like that.

He could really go for one of those sudden, rushed and hurried breaks right about now…

Once again he’d gotten very focused on a work task on his laptop, and had failed to take into account the amount of coffee he’d had. Hours had passed, his legs had subtly found themselves crossed together, and now it was time to go.

Except, this time they weren’t at his office. They were in an airport terminal waiting for their flight. Ethan hated airports, and he hated flying.

Something embarrassing always seemed to happen to Ethan whenever he got onto a plane. Once, he’d eaten something that had badly upset his stomach, then forgotten to lock the bathroom door on the plane. Another time, he’d misplaced the suit-pants he’d intended to wear before leaving his house the morning of the flight and been stuck wearing the ones from when he’d been a teenager; When he tried to get his luggage down at the end of the flight, they’d ripped right down the ass. (And, of course he just had to have worn the cheap smiley-face boxers he’d gotten at the dollar store…)

Then, there was the time the lock on his briefcase had broken and it was permanently stuck in an open position. It had been filled with important files that he couldn’t have anyone else take or look at. So, he was stuck holding onto them through the flight. Partway through, he had to pee, so he needed to carry the files with him to the restroom. It wasn’t particularly easy to aim with one hand full, but when the plane suddenly hit a small patch of turbulence, that was it. He peed all over the place, his shoes in particular getting very soaked.

Finally, there was the ‘pet relief area incident’, which Ethan thought was the worst one of all. That morning, he’d overslept for his flight. Then proceeded to make the incredibly awful mistake of drinking several cups of coffee to wake himself up as he made the mad dash for the airport. He only barely made it to his flight in time— With absolutely no chance to use the restroom at any point the entire morning. Meaning he’d boarded the plane without peeing a drop since the previous night, and then drank what was probably half of his own weight in coffee. He realized his mistakes the moment he sat down, and eagerly waited for the seatbelt light to go off once they were in the air.

When it at last did he hurried for the toilet, but the door refused to budge. He waited and waited, but it didn’t open. Eventually, some flight attendants checked it out and determined the door was malfunctioning and could not be opened until they’d landed and could get a technician working on it. More importantly, Ethan couldn’t pee until they’d landed. And it was a long flight. What followed were some of the most agonizing hours of Ethan’s entire life. That day, Ethan discovered that it was possible to need the toilet so badly that the pain in your bladder migrated its way all the way up and down your back.

But, at last the plane had landed, and apart from a few little wet spots, Ethan had made it. He bolted from the plane and into the airport as fast as he could. Which wasn’t all that fast since he was barely even able to walk. The good news was he found the restroom pretty quickly. The bad news was that the line for the men’s room was gigantic. He hadn’t been the only person on his flight that had been inconvenienced by the door issue, and plenty of other flights had just landed as well.

Ethan had taken one look at the line spilling out of that door and knew he wouldn’t make it through dry. Out of his mind with pained, desperate urgency he tried to find a different answer. He spotted another door in-between the restrooms, designated as a pet relief area; a room where people could bring service animals to pee before getting onto flights.

Technically, peeing was allowed there.

If Ethan had been in his right mind, he never would have considered what he did next. But, he hadn’t been in his right mind. He’d been very far from it. He dashed into the room, finding it housed a patch of fake grass and a cutesie little fire-hydrant decoration. He reached behind him for the doorknob and discovered it didn’t actually lock. But, by that point he couldn’t care less. He just tore at his zipper and aimed at the patch of grass before releasing gallons of coffee into it.

It took him a very long time to empty himself. The relief of letting go was helping him think more clearly again and he started to feel embarrassed by what he was doing. But, he hadn’t had much of a choice. It was either this, or wetting himself. He tried to hurry up and finish, but he’d drank so much and held it so long that it just went on and on.

Before he was drained, the door opened and a woman stepped in with her dog. “Oh!” she exclaimed and he quickly tilted his head to look at her. Her mouth was a wide “O” and one of her hands overtop of it, in an almost comical display of shock. But, Ethan saw nothing comical about it. He tried to shield himself from her view a bit with one of his hands, but the damage was done.

She just stood there for a moment, staring. Ethan felt his entire body flashing hot and cold with humiliation as he tried to say something. “I—It… It was an emergency. Sorry. I— Sorry…” And through it all, he kept peeing.

The woman hadn’t reported him or anything. She’d been remarkably understanding once he’d explained everything to her and that he just hadn’t been able to wait any longer. But, nevertheless, she’d laughed. Ethan was nowhere near ready to see the humor in the situation himself, though.

Thankfully, all of those things had happened before Ethan had met James. Ethan had never even told James about them, they were some of the most humiliating experiences of his life. Although… Now Ethan knew James would have gotten a kick out of hearing about a couple of them, at least.

Ethan really wanted to avoid any similar incidents this time, especially now that James was here. He should probably pee now, lest something bizarre and unpleasant happen otherwise. But, to go he’d have to walk all around the airport to find a toilet, which could take a while. And, a quick glance to his watch told him the plane was supposed to have already started boarding several minutes ago. With his luck, they’d finally be called to the gate before he’d finished and the flight would be missed.

He’d hold it until they got on the plane and he could use the toilet there. A few more minutes passed, and they still weren’t called. “James, do you think there’s enough time for me to use the restroom before the flight?”

“You have to go?”

“A bit,” Ethan said. “But, we were supposed to board ten minutes ag—“

Before he could finish, they began calling on people to board the plane. So, it looked like Ethan’s decision had been made for him. He didn’t think it was too big of a problem. It wasn’t an emergency. He could hold it a while longer. He’d go on the plane.

That turned out to be much easier said than done. Ethan wasn’t allowed to use the restroom before take-off, which was fine and not something he was going to make a fuss over. When he fastened his seat-belt, though, he became a bit more aware of how full he actually was. But, he rested easily knowing he could pee as soon as they were in the air.

Then, take-off was delayed for whatever reason. They just sat there for a long, long while. This was a little more annoying. The fact that Ethan was seated a few rows down from a perfectly usable toilet as his bladder throbbed made him feel like he needed to go worse. He brought one up over his lap and jiggled it a bit, impatient.

“Is it bad?” James asked.

“Not that bad,” Ethan assured. “It’s just… irritating, for lack of a better word. Being stuck sitting here when I know there’s a place I can take care of this just a few feet away.”

Ethan kept agitatedly bouncing his leg until finally the plane lifted into the air. Then, he kept his eyes glued to the seatbelt sign. As soon as it went off, then he could go, and he wouldn’t have to worry about this any longer.

The lights soon went off with a soft ‘ding’, and Ethan set to work getting his seatbelt apart. He had a little trouble, and before he could do it, someone else beat him into the restroom. He groaned, finally getting himself unfastened as he slumped back in his seat. Great. More waiting.

His focus went from the lights above his head to the door of the restroom that he was starting to need rather urgently. The person in there was certainly taking their time, and Ethan drummed his fingers against his armrest as his annoyance grew. This was one of the reasons he hated flying, everything felt so tedious and like it took way too long. And, there were so many pointless rules; Why hadn’t he simply been allowed to relieve himself in there prior to takeoff? Especially if they were just going to stay put on the ground for so long… And if airlines were insistent upon cramming as many people onto each flight as they could, would it kill them to design planes with more toilet facilities?

He knew there was likely another toilet in first class, but because of all the idiotic rules that were so strictly enforced, it was unlikely he’d be permitted to make use of it. Not that he should try, either. It wasn’t as though he couldn’t wait long enough for someone else to finish in the restroom. He considered walking over to the door, to ensure no one else would beat him when it finally opened again. But, when he stood, all the liquid he was containing rushed downwards at once, causing his desire to pee to deepen and bloom into a more severe state of actual need. He imagined himself standing outside the door to the toilet with his legs pressed together and his face scrunched and sweaty with urgency. How embarrassing would that be?

No, he’d stay seated until the door opened, then quickly and quietly head to the toilet and get his relief. He could wait.

The door, at last, opened and the person come out. Ethan released a thankful sigh and made to stand up again—

Ding!

Ethan’s heart sank at that sound. The seatbelt light was back on. An announcement was made regarding upcoming turbulence, stating that all passengers needed to remain in their seats now. He groaned to himself. This wasn’t good. His bladder had begun loosening the instant he’d seen the door open, and it pulsed with confused urgency when he sat back down and fastened his seatbelt, resigned to holding it even longer.

“Ethan?” James asked. “Are you okay?”

“Fine,” Ethan said. “But, I do need to get over there pretty soon…”

James patted his hand over Ethan’s. “This shouldn’t last long,” he assured. “You’ll be peeing before you know it!”

Ethan’s face reddened. ‘Peeing before he knew it’ was kind of what he was starting to get afraid of… “N—Not so loud, James, there are other people here.”

“Oh, right. Sorry…” James said with a blush. Sometimes, he just completely forgot his surroundings. Especially when something had captured his attention. And, Ethan had really, really captured his attention. To look at him, you wouldn’t think Ethan was all that desperate yet. The way his legs were crossed seemed perfectly casual, and his fingers tightening over the armrests looked more like the white-knuckled nerves of a man with a fear of flying than the pained clenching of someone restraining a full bladder. But, James knew the real reason Ethan was so tense, and the way his fingers would suddenly dig into the armrest with even more fervor every few seconds as he apparently fought down new pangs and surges of need… Well, it was pretty cute in James’s opinion.

And, since James knew Ethan could go as soon as the seatbelt light went out again, he didn’t feel too concerned for his partner. He’d seen Ethan more desperate than this a few times. He knew he could make it easily and wouldn’t get too upset or panicky. He just had to wait for the turbulence to be over, and then—

As the plane began to bounce up and down, Ethan made an odd, strangled surprised noise that James had never heard come out of his mouth before. His fingernails clenched into the armrest so hard they left imprints and James noticed Ethan’s thighs tensing together.

Being in a moving car going over a bumpy road when you had to pee was one of the worst experiences in the world. But, it had nothing on holding it while a plane jostled its way through the air. Every few seconds as he was bobbed up and down in his seat, Ethan felt like his bladder was being bounced and tossed all through his body, up into his throat, down into his feet. Every nerve-ending was assailed by urgent, needy spikes of pure desperation. It felt like his urethra was burning as it tried not to give way to the flood within him. During a few particularly intense bounces, teensy drops slid their way down his shaft to bloom warm and sticky against the front of his boxers. The small amount of wetness teased him as he continued to be jostled, making his bladder all the more eager to spray out everything in an uncontrolled burst.

His hand went to wrap around his dick, trying to plug himself shut. He felt ridiculous; Holding himself for dear life when there was a toilet just a few steps from his current location. But, even if he decided to screw the rules and get up, he knew it would be a bad idea. He’d injure himself trying to move around when the plane was this jittery.

James’s enjoyment began to fade when he saw Ethan grab himself. He was grabbing himself in a public location. He was grabbing himself on a crowded plane. His mature, always in control boyfriend, was clutching his dick and crossing his legs while absolutely surrounded by people. The turbulence was obviously too much for his bladder, and he was having a true emergency. James’s delight at seeing Ethan all cute and needy evaporated like water on a hot skillet. If only the contents of Ethan’s bladder could evaporate with it.

James turned as best he could to shield Ethan’s body from anyone who might see what he was doing. Good thing Ethan had taken the window seat, he was more hidden this way. He had at least a bit more privacy. “It will be over soon,” James said, trying to make him feel better.

Ethan sure hoped so. The turbulence had caused his need to go from ‘urgent-but-manageable’ to ‘oh-my-god-I’m-gonna-wet-myself!’ in the blink of an eye. He just kept clutching and clutching and clutching. But, still he felt more and more urine beading at his tip and slipping out with each bounce.

James’s eyes were glued to the seatbelt light now. Ethan’s eyes were scrunched shut in agony. The lights stayed on. The plane kept shaking. The liquid in Ethan’s bladder felt more and more like it was about to squeeze its way out of him. He needed to pee right this very instant. He was going to pee right this very instant. And, unless a toilet could magically materialize in front of him, he was going to do it in his pants.

Miraculously, even as he thought with each passing second that he couldn’t possibly hold it one moment more, he continued to keep it in. The dripping was near-constant by that point, but the majority of the typhoon inside him stayed where it was supposed to. It wasn’t easy though. It was painful. Every time he was jostled, Ethan felt like he was being ripped into a million pieces. Both his hands were pressed firmly against his cock, his legs were coiled, his thighs were squeezed, and the area between them got damper and damper with a mixture of overtaxed sweat and uncontainable urine.

He could barely register it when James started rubbing his back, a hand gently workings its way down his tense spine. “It’s okay, Ethan.” James said. “It should be any minute now.”

Ethan didn’t have any minute. He only had this one. His pee needed to come out right now. If he couldn’t get up and use the toilet, the seat would be soaked. It was a wonder it hadn’t been drenched already. Ethan tried not to think of how much money he’d owe the airline after he coated their seat in a bucket of his urine. Tried not to think of all the discussions that would need to take place about it. How he’d be standing there, his wet, clammy pants clinging to his legs as whoever was in charge of the airline informed him of his responsibility to pay for the damage he’d caused.

He tried not to think about how, when that happened, at least his bladder would be empty. He tried not to think of how good that emptiness would feel. How good the release would feel. He tried not to think about peeing. He tried to think about constellations, about the stars and the sky, and the beauty of the natural world. About the nation’s rivers, gushing and pouring and swishing unrestrained, letting their liquid flow where it needed to. He thought about peeing. He thought about peeing. He thought about peeing.

But, as much as he thought about peeing, he still did not actually pee. Not completely, anyway. The drips refused to stop, but he still had the majority of the control. He wasn’t gushing like he needed to. He wasn’t spurting like he needed to. He wasn’t peeing like he really, really needed to!

Ding!

Ethan peeled open his eyes and looked to the seatbelt light. It was off! He could go! Oh, thank God! He could finally go! “James, please help with my seatbelt?” He asked, voice cracking with pitiful need.

James quickly unlatched it for him. “You can make it!” He said encouragingly, but too loud for Ethan’s taste.

To Ethan’s dismay, someone in one of the rows in front of them reached the restroom while Ethan was still trying to stand up in a way that wouldn’t make him explode. He grimaced. Please… No more waiting! But, no one heard his silent plea. Unlike before, he did not sit back down to wait. He didn’t care anymore if the entire flight saw him doing the world’s most obvious pee-dance in front of the door to the toilet. If he sat back down without peeing, he wouldn’t manage to stand up again without an accident.

James quickly stood and gave Ethan as much space as he possibly could to get out into the aisle. Ethan dragged himself to the door to wait. His hands were nestled between his thighs, and he knew everyone could see them, but he didn’t care. He didn’t care that they saw him tangle his legs together as soon as he was outside the door. He didn’t care that they saw him begin to bounce in place. He didn’t care that they saw him jump from foot to foot. He didn’t care about anything that didn’t involve that door finally opening and granting him access to the relief he needed worse than he’d thought it possible to need anything.

He was sure it would be soon. Just another minute or so. Then he could rush in there, yank down his zip and just go and go and go and it would feel so wonderful…

Ding!

Ethan cringed. He was beginning to hate that sound more than he’d ever hated anything in his entire life. A flight attendant came up to him. “I’m sorry, sir,” she said. “I know you… Need to use the facilities…” She trailed off, and he noticed the way she was staring at his pained, desperate twisting and felt himself going red. “But, we will be landing soon, so you will need to return to your seat.”

“I… No,” Ethan said.

“No?”

“I have been waiting through the entire flight,” Ethan said. “I will only be a moment. I won’t sit back down until after I’ve gone.”

“I understand you wanted to use the restroom,” the flight attendant said. “But, we can’t have anyone up while we land. I’m sorry.”

The door opened, the person whom had been occupying the restroom shuffled past them and sat back down.

Ethan put his hand on the door, “It will only be a second.”

“We will be on the ground very soon, sir,” the flight attendant told him.

Ethan couldn’t believe this. He wanted to beg her. Please, please, I can’t wait anymore! Please let me! He came dangerously close to doing exactly that; “Ma’am, I know there are regulations and everything, but it’s… It’s urgent.”

“I’m sorry,” she said once more. “You know how it is.”

Ethan didn’t really know how it was! He just had to pee! He’d be done in just a couple minutes! Couldn’t they give him just a couple minutes!? It was all he needed! He couldn’t make it! He’d explode! He’d die if he didn’t go! “Please?” He hated how his voice sounded. He sounded like a little kid begging his teacher for a hall-pass. Not a full grown man.

“Sir, do I have to get security?”

“Nah—No,” Ethan stammered. “I’ll… I’ll go. Sorry.” He limped and hobbled his way back to his seat.

James had seen everything, and as soon as Ethan had sat back down and James had helped him with his seatbelt, James rubbed his arm. “Landing… Landing doesn’t usually take that long…”

“I hate planes…” Ethan replied, writhing his hips and kneading his crotch with his clutched hands. “If people were meant to fly, they’d have wings. I— Ooooh….” His rant was cut off when an incredibly violent spasm worked its way through his bladder. This time, it wasn’t just a drip that came out, but a stream. A short, two second stream, but a stream nevertheless. His control was weakening and fraying at the edges. He was losing it.

James had actually heard Ethan’s pee hissing out for a couple seconds there, but tried not to let on that he had. The plane started bouncing around again as it began to descend and Ethan moaned and grimaced, and James heard the tiny hissing sound a couple more times before he managed to clamp it back off again. There had to be some way to fix this. Ethan was going to have an accident at this rate. James had never seen him this desperate. James had never seen anyone this desperate. James thought of what they had in their carry-ons… But, airports had regulations about bringing containers that held large volumes of liquid onto planes, so he knew there’d be nothing there. What Ethan was carrying was definitely more than a ‘travel-size’ anything could hold. Not that it was a particularly great idea for Ethan to expose himself and take a leak into something in the middle of a plane.

It seemed the only tool at his disposal was to just try and distract Ethan somehow. He didn’t know how long Ethan could really be distracted for at this point. James knew anything short of getting Ethan in front of a urinal within the next thirty seconds wasn’t going to be all that helpful. But, this was all he had.

“Hey, Ethan?” James said. “Could you list all the mountains you know, and their heights and locations?”

“I— What?” Ethan squeaked.

“Just, list them,” James said. “I want to hear it.”

“Well… There’s… Ah…” Ethan gasped and squeezed himself tighter. James thought for a second his crotch was gonna be sore at this rate… “E—Everest in Nepal. 29 thousand f-feet—You know that. That one’s easy…”

“Uh-huh. What are some harder ones?”

“Kanchenjunga… Th—That one’s in the Himalayas. It’s 28 thousand feet, and— Ohhh, I have to peeeee—“

“Don’t think about that,” James interrupted his whine. “Don’t think about that. Think about the mountains.”

“Ch—Cho Oyu. A—Also in the Himalayas… Can’t… Can’t hold it!”

“You can! Just try not to focus on it!”

“Broad Peak… I—In Pakistan… It’s 26 thousand feet…” Ethan kept listing them off. His eyes were squeezed shut as he choked out each word. His body trembling and shaking, tangled up on itself so, so tight. Every so often he’d moan in agony and remind James that he couldn’t wait, and James would insist to him that he could, just so long as he kept his mind occupied with something else.

At last, the plane was on the ground, and Ethan was still rattling off the names of the mountains. James was grateful they were close to the front of the plane, they could get off fast. James grabbed both of their bags and gingerly helped Ethan up. Ethan could not really get up, he remained hunched over, practically doubled up on himself and with both hands still at his crotch. James hoped that they’d let Ethan just use the toilet on the plane and he wouldn’t be forced to try and make it to a restroom in the airport.

James wanted to save him the embarrassment of pleading with the flight attendants again, however. So, he adopted a stance similar to Ethan’s, twisted up and clutching at his dick. He walked in a pained hobble like Ethan did, too, and the two approached the front of the plane. James removed a hand from his crotch and faked a wince as he gestured to the door for the restroom. “Ohh, miss?” he said to the flight attendant. “Could we please use the restroom here? We did not have a chance to go all through the flight, and—“

“No,” the flight attendant interrupted. “Sorry, but you can’t use it while we’re on the ground.”

James hopped in place and squirmed, “Please? It’s an emergency!”

“No,” she repeated. “Sorry.”

“But—“

“L—Let’s just go, James,” Ethan said. “Please?”

James decided that maybe leaving the plane would get Ethan to a toilet faster than arguing would. Every step made Ethan leak more. He felt warm wetness snaking down his leg. His bladder was simply impossible to contain anymore. Once they’d entered the airport, James and Ethan both looked around desperately. James saw the restroom first. It was close, thank goodness! “You’re almost there, Ethan!” James said. “You can make it!”

Ethan tried, he followed James towards the restroom. He’d never been so overjoyed to see a men’s room door in his life. He pushed the door open with his shoulder and was blessed with a fairly empty restroom with two long rows of urinals, one row of stalls, and zero line for anything. The only other person was a guy washing his hands at the sink. He turned a bit when he heard Ethan and James come in, and his gaze lingered on Ethan’s absolutely desperate form for a few seconds. Ethan felt himself heating up, but tried to push it from his mind while the guy walked past him and out of the restroom.

As he rushed for the closest urinal, Ethan fumbled at his zip, cringing at all the dampness that had collected around it. He had it down quickly, at least. As he took the last few steps to the urinal, he was already peeing, but a second later he was in the right place and everything was flowing where it needed to. The instant the first drops of pee hit the urinal, Ethan released a moan that would not have been out of place in a porno flick. “Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, yesssssssssssssssssssss…” He breathed in and out heavily, flinging his head back as he just moaned and moaned and moaned.

James exhaled a relieved sigh of his own as he took the urinal next to Ethan’s. “Told you you could make it,” James said as he got himself out.

“I… just… I…” Ethan was at a loss for words. His mind was totally blank. The absolutely incredible sensation of release had melted the part of his brain responsible for speech. He could process nothing except for how good this felt. His pee sprayed furiously into the urinal, and the feeling was almost akin to an orgasm. His eyes rolled back in his head a bit.

James began to pee beside him, “Ahh, that’s better!” he said with a small laugh. He just thought Ethan was so adorable, so out of control as he got lost in the pleasure of his relief. “Awww, poor Ethan!” James remarked. “You had to go real bad!”

“So… Bad…” Ethan gasped out, still gushing like an erupting geyser. Even though Ethan had started peeing before James had even unzipped, by the time James was shaking himself off, Ethan was still spraying like a broken faucet.

James had been counting in his head from the second he’d heard Ethan start peeing, knowing he was going to want some idea of how much had been in there. They’d passed the one minute mark already, and the two minute one was fast approaching.

118…119…120… James counted off in his head. Ethan had broken two minutes, and was still going strong. It just kept pouring and pouring, James started to wonder if his partner had a secret, second bladder in his body somewhere. His stream tapered off into a trickle for a second, then returned to its forceful blasting for another ten. At last, Ethan’s tip was merely dribbling and he shook himself off with a massive sigh.

“That…” Ethan said as he tried to catch his breath. “Was intense…”

“It sure was… You went for two minutes and thirty three seconds!”

“Eheh, you were counting?” Ethan asked.

“Is that okay?”

“Yeah, it’s fine…” Ethan said as he went to wash his hands. “Oh, jeez. That was embarrassing. Can’t believe I behaved in such a way in front of all those people.”

“It’s okay,” James said. “I was blocking their view as best I could.... But, I think they probably heard you say you were gonna wet yourself a couple times there when I was having you recite the mountain stuff.”

Ethan reddened, “And that guy at the sink when we came in…”

“It’s… It’s okay!” James repeated. “Anyone who saw or heard you… They’ve probably had emergencies too. They get it! Don’t feel too bad!”

Ethan looked down at himself. His pants felt pretty clammy, but nothing showed. “Just… Thank goodness I wore black pants today, I guess,” he said.

*026*2021-05-25 17:41

James stared out the window of the taxi as it approached their hotel. He’d dreamed of going to New York City all his life, and his first impressions were everything he’d imagined. He’d never seen such tall buildings, so many vivid colors, so much activity. It was all so exciting it made him want to burst!

Beside him, Ethan also felt like bursting, but for completely different reasons. He seriously couldn’t believe this. He had to pee like crazy. Again. Already. The need had made itself known with a sudden, sharp tingling urgency as he and James got their luggage before leaving the airport. But, Ethan hadn’t stopped at a restroom again then, thinking that surely it had to be his imagination. He’d just peed his head off for over two minutes not too long ago, there was no way there was even one more drop of liquid in his body after all that.

But, now as they were stuck in traffic inside a taxi, he realized it hadn’t been his imagination. He genuinely really, really had to go again. He couldn’t understand it. He hadn’t had anything to drink since before they’d boarded the plane, he’d gushed out what was surely at least two gallons of pee a little over an hour ago— How could there possibly be anything left?

But, the pangs from his midsection were telling him that there was something left. There was a lot left. It freaked him out, to be completely honest. He didn’t usually have to go this frequently. Normally, he could go several hours between pee breaks without an issue, but here he was feeling full to the brim again after just one? Was there something wrong? Was this what overactive bladder was? Did he have an infection? Maybe he’d held so much on the plane that he’d managed to actually break something…

He was just… He was just so tired of holding it! He’d been desperate so much already today, he didn’t want to go through it again! He jiggled his leg and hoped they’d get to the hotel soon.

James noticed him fidgeting, and knew now that there was only one reason Ethan would act so restless. He had to go again already. James thought back and realized maybe he should have advised Ethan to have one more pee before they left the airport. Sometimes, after James had been desperate and gotten his relief, he’d find he needed to go really badly again not too long after. He wasn’t a biologist, but figured it was just because his holding muscles had gotten worn out from the prolonged desperation. James had always called this experience the ‘pee aftershocks’, and it looked as though Ethan was experiencing them first hand at the moment.

The taxi-driver had told them at the start that they were only a few blocks from the hotel, so there was no doubt in James’s mind that Ethan would make it, even if the traffic was bad. James was excited; Seeing Ethan have a badly needed pee two times in a row would be a fantastic start to his vacation.

They got to the hotel pretty quickly, and Ethan and James both wheeled their suitcases inside. “James, please watch our things for a moment and get us checked in,” Ethan requested, walking stiff-legged toward the hallway he hoped led to a restroom. “I have no idea what’s wrong with me, but I already need to relieve myself again.”

James was about to try and explain how that was normal and Ethan didn’t need to be concerned for his health, but his partner had already dashed off. James giggled a little. He was so cute when he was in such a big hurry! James was a little disappointed he wasn’t going to get to watch him pee, but what he’d seen at the airport urinal was already going to give James delightful fodder for his fantasies for years to come. Just the memory of Ethan’s red, slack-jawed face as he gushed and gushed sent a surge of heat all up and down James’s spine.

After James had gotten the room key, Ethan had returned. His legs were still stiff and he wobbled a bit from one foot to the next. “Let’s go up to the room now, James,” Ethan said briskly. “I was unable to find any restrooms on this floor.”

“Oh,” James said. “Sorry.”

“It’s quite alright. It’s not an emergency, by any means. I am, admittedly, quite uncomfortable, but the room is not far, is it?”

“Sixth floor,” James said. He knew their room would be easy to find once they got there, too. The front desk lady had said it was the first door on the left from the elevator. “But, there’s an elevator, so it’s not that far.”

Ethan was already hurrying in the direction of the elevator. He needed to go quite a bit more than he’d let on to James. It was just… He was so embarrassed to admit he was already desperate after having just peed. What in the world was going on with him? He mashed the button for the elevator, perhaps a bit more harshly, and certainly a few more times than was really necessary. He rocked back and forth on his heels as he waited for it. Why was it taking so long? Didn’t it understand he had somewhere he needed to be?

“Patience, Ethan,” James said. “We’re on vacation. You don’t need to be so tense.”

“Right, right,” Ethan said. “I know…”

The elevator finally opened and Ethan dashed in with James following after him. Ethan gave pause before selecting the button for the sixth floor. He thought to himself for a second; He had some of the most unlucky experiences of anyone he knew. If he were less inclined towards logic and reason, he may have even believed himself to be jinxed. So, how likely was it that if he tried to go upstairs using this elevator while really needing to use the toilet, the elevator would get stuck?

Before he could consider it further, James pressed the six, and the doors slid shut. Ethan watched the number in the display above the door tick up, holding more than just his breath. To his shock and relief, it reached the number six and the doors quickly opened. He’d be peeing soon.

James led him to the first door on the right and slid the electronic key in. Ethan stepped in place as he watched the lights on the handle blink red, yellow and green… Then they all turned red. James took it back out, puzzled. Deciding that maybe he’d put it in upside down, he tried again. The same thing happened once more.

Ethan cringed, stepping a bit faster, “Um… James, could you hurry up a little? It’s starting to… Get kind of bad over here.”

James kept trying, but no matter how many times he inserted the card, it would be rejected. Finally, Ethan took it from him and tried to open the door himself, to no avail.

“I could go down and ask them for some help,” James said.

Ethan bobbed up and down. His bladder was starting to sear, the tiny, little muscles in charge of holding back the liquid within him felt like they were burning. They were so exhausted, so sore and so very, very tired. Like how his legs felt after he’d run around too much. “I guess you could try that. You’re sure this is the right room?”

“Yes,” James said. “They told me; First door on the left.”

Ethan looked at James for a second, then turned to look down each side of the hallway. “James. This is the first door on the right.”

“Oh…” James said, reddening. “Yeah. That probably explains it.”

Ethan shook his head, scrambling to the door on the other side of the elevator. This time, when the card went into the slot, it opened right away. Ethan dashed in, quickly located the toilet he needed, tugged down his zip, and released into it. This time, his stream was a lot weaker, pretty slow. Not the massive, gushing firehose he’d unleashed at the airport. The relief wasn’t nearly as mind-numbing, either. He exhaled a bit through his nose.

James stood in the doorway, “Sorry…”

Ethan tried to give a little push to speed his flow up, but it continued to be little more than a trickle. “You didn’t do that on purpose did you?” he asked. He knew James was really bad at directions; Ethan could count on one hand the number of times James hadn’t mixed up left and right when they were trying to find a place. Still…

“Nah—No!” James insisted. “You know me. I do that all the time!”

“So, you didn’t just want me to wait longer so you could watch me squirm?” Ethan asked.

“No, I wouldn’t do that to you—“

“Because,” Ethan added as he finished up and tucked himself back into his pants. “If you wanted to watch me squirm, all you’d have to do is ask…” Oh, God. What was he saying?! When he went to wash his hands, he stared at himself in the mirror to find his face was fire-engine red.

He turned around to see James’s was as well. “Wha…What?” He stammered as he looked at his partner in shock.

Ethan covered his mouth. “Oh… Oh, I don’t… I’m not thinking clearly.” He really, really wasn’t. It was just… When he let go at the airport earlier, he’d never felt anything so amazing. So much fear, worry and pain instantly changing into mind-bendingly wonderful pleasure. It had felt like orgasming. It had felt like orgasming for over two minutes straight; And what kind of person would ever object to a two minute long orgasm? Just… Over two minutes of sheer, unadulterated bliss rattling through the most sensitive parts of his body. Maybe he did have some kind of fetishistic interest in holding his bladder, or at least in releasing it when it was painfully full.

If this was something he liked, he knew that it was fine. He knew it hurt no one. He knew it was perfectly natural and normal for people to develop interests in things that fell outside the boundaries of what constituted ‘typical’ sexual activity. Millions of people had fetishes for unusual things and activities, and so long as no one was harmed, it wasn’t anything to be worked up over.

But, still, the shame was there. The shame, Ethan knew, was the product of his upbringing. The unhealthy ‘education’ on sexual matters he'd received. The lessons that had been imprinted into his mind from an early age that stated anything beyond a man and woman having sex in the missionary position for the sole purpose of procreation was sinful, wrong and disgusting. He knew the people who had filled his head with these notions were wrong. But, he also knew that when a person received a message over and over and over again during the earliest and most crucial stages of their brain’s development, it made that message very hard to unlearn and shake off.

He hadn’t felt as anxious inside when he’d thought all he’d been doing was indulging James a little bit in his own interest, but now that he was starting to find enjoyment in it himself… He felt strange. He tried to explain this to James.

James more or less just repeated his own thoughts back to him; “This doesn’t hurt anyone. Pretty much everybody’s interested in something weird. You just got some bad info growing up and that’s making it hard to accept yourself and who you are, but you’re not the one that’s wrong, all the people who told you you need to feel ashamed are the ones in the wrong.” And even if James had more or less just said things Ethan already knew, hearing them spoken aloud by another person made him believe them much more strongly. “So, if you want to mess around with this stuff and just see how you like it, that’s fine.”

“Heh… Okay…” Ethan said. “Um… I just have to make sure; You don’t think I broke my bladder or something, right? I don’t normally have to go so often…”

“When you went just now, was there any burning or stinging?”

“No.”

“Then you’re probably fine,” James said. “Just, sometimes if you hold it a long time, your muscles get sore for a bit and don’t want to have to hold it again. I mean, you got super, super desperate on the flight. I’ve never even seen anyone need to go that badly before, and I’ve watched a lot of videos of desperation, and—“

“James,” Ethan interrupted.

“Sorry.”

“Well, to tell you the truth, I think that was only… The third worst bit of desperation I’ve experienced?”

“You’ve had to go even worse than that before?”

“Yeah,” Ethan said. “One of those times was actually on a different flight, before I met you.” He proceeded to tell James the story of when he’d needed to resort to peeing in the area set aside for service animals. He was surprised when, instead of laughing, James had just taken his hand.

“Oh, you poor thing!” James said with a smile. “You must have been so embarrassed!”

“I was,” Ethan said. “I’m just glad she didn’t get security on me, or something.”

“Heh. Wish I could have been there, I would have guarded the door until you were done.”

“Are you sure you wouldn’t have just followed me in to watch?”

James blushed and laughed, “Well, I didn’t say it would have been easy for me to just stand around outside while knowing what you were up to in there…”

“Heh…”

“So, was that the worst you’ve had to go?”

“No, the worst was when I had to take this extra long drive. I had to keep going through the night, and drank all of these massive sodas to help keep myself awake. But, when I started needing to pee, everywhere was closed. The fast food restaurants were all drive-thru only, the gas stations were only running the pumps and you couldn’t go inside to pee… And the road I was on was barren with nothing to hide behind, and there were just enough other cars going by that I couldn’t pull over and take care of it that way. I ended up driving with one hand because I had to… kinda grab myself.”

“Aw…”

“Finally, I saw a rest stop that was open, and I was already going a bit the instant I saw the sign. I don’t think I’ve ever parked as fast as I did then. The area was totally deserted, and the quiet was kind of eerie. This was way out in the country, and I’d seen a few bobcats and coyotes darting across the road while I’d been driving. So, I was kind of freaked out.

“I was just trying to get to the toilet. I could barely walk. Every step was making me… go more. My eyes were actually watering from how desperate I was. Then, I heard the paws of some animal running towards me. I just froze, I couldn’t have been more than two steps from the door to the toilets, but I just froze. It was so dark I couldn’t tell what the creature was, but it was moving really fast, and I could tell from the shadow that it had these huge pointed ears and a massive tail. I thought for sure it was another coyote and that I was about to be attacked. But, I couldn’t move to get away, I was just stuck to my spot.

“Then I felt it. I must have been peeing from the moment I heard the thing coming, but I didn’t realize it for a few seconds; my terror was suddenly being mixed with relief as I just peed all down my leg. I tried to stop, but I just couldn’t. I’d needed to go too badly, and I’d just been so startled that there wasn’t anything I could do. So, I just stood there, peeing uncontrollably as this thing got closer and closer. And you know the worst part?”

“What?”

“Just as I was finishing up, the creature got close enough to the building’s lights that I could finally tell what it was; It was somebody’s German Shepherd. It hadn’t even been a coyote to start with. The worst it could have done was just lick me to death, and here I was peeing myself in terror from the thing.”

Now, James did laugh. “Did its owner see you?”

“Unfortunately, yes. He apologized a few times for his dog getting loose, and I tried to stand further from the building so he couldn’t see all the wet spots on my pants. But, I’d seriously flooded them, so there was a chance he could at least smell it. Hopefully he thought it was coming from the dirty rest-stop toilets though, instead of from me. I hadn’t brought any spare clothes, so I had to finish the drive sitting on top of a towel, with the heat on to try and dry myself off.”

“When was this?” James asked.

Ethan mumbled something.

“Hm?”

“It was a couple months before I met you,” Ethan admitted. “I… I wet myself at the age of thirty three because I was scared by a German Shepherd.”

“Well…” James said. “The last time I wet the bed, I was in college. And to make matters worse, I hadn’t even been drunk or partying or anything. I literally just didn’t wake up in time, like a little kid. So, don’t feel bad. Things happen.”

“Thanks.”

James smiled, “Let’s get ready for bed soon. And, for the record, I’d love to watch you squirm.”

*027*2021-05-26 01:55

Just a heads up that the next update may take a bit more time to post, as it's likely to be longer than the previous ones have been.

