[HSR Fanfiction] closed for maintenance (aventurine)

Author: starlightsmoon

*000*2024-11-21 15:47

This was also posted on my AO3 about... 2 months ago lmao

I'm only just posting it here.. but!! yeah. i have other aventurine omo works too, i might also post those :]

The link to the ao3 version (must be logged in)

Anyway! here's the actual fanfic

Aventurine's day started off annoying, to put it lightly.

It wasn't too bad, but it was definitely a disturbance to his day to find that the elevator at Pier Points IPC building had broken down. No worries, he didn't mind using the stairs. Hopefully, it would be fixed by lunch, though.

Perhaps due to his luck, he was on time despite the lack of an elevator and was only mildly annoyed once he got to his office floor.

Unfortunately, the annoyances didn't stop there.

His first meeting of the day was supposed to start shortly after he got to work, meaning he had little time to spare before he had to get to the meeting room. As he sat in the room with his coworkers, passing the time on his phone, he sighed as he checked the time; 10 minutes late. Putting his phone away, he manifested his favourite poker chip to fiddle with; a way of calming himself and having something to do with his hands while he glanced around the meeting room at his fellow annoyed IPC workers. Really, they all had things to do.

As if to make things just that bit worse, he felt a slight pressure in his bladder. Closing his eyes, he subtly shifted in his seat, silently praying that the damn meeting would just start already.

The meeting started 30 minutes late. Which, unfortunately, meant that his next meeting started immediately afterwards and was also delayed, much to his dismay. Frankly, he didn't want to be there in the first place, and his bladder was making things worse for him. It wasn't too bad, he could sit through it, it was just... annoying. Uncomfortable. Nagging at him to just go to the bathroom. It was also distracting. He could just excuse himself, sure, but he didn't want to drag the meeting out any longer, the two meetings were an hour each and it had already started late, so he decided to just wait it out, perhaps against his better judgment. But, he did have his infamous luck, which he was relying on to get through his predicament.

Aventurine was thankful he didn't have an important part in the meetings. He wasn't that desperate by his standards, but he could feel it building and his belt was starting to press against it, and while he was good at keeping up his usual facade, he couldn't quite keep himself from shifting where he sat.

Thankfully, the meeting soon ended and he could rush to the bathroom. It wasn't that far from the meeting room, in fact, he was already there-

'All bathrooms closed for cleaning/maintenance'

Aventurine sighed the biggest sigh he had ever sighed in his life. Of all the days?!

Well, he had some work to do, anyway. He would just get through that. Distract himself. Maybe tease his favourite doctor via text. That was always fun.

He wouldn't say his work was fun, but he did find it to be a good distraction. Of course, the missions he was assigned could be fun; going to various planets, achieving great gambles for the company, seeing the sights of whatever planet he was on. Not everyone agreed with his way of doing things, but, well, the way he did things worked, which was why he got assigned to missions.

The rest of his job, though, was more mundane, and less interesting. He liked statistics and numbers, but there was only so much fun you could have with spreadsheets and data. Which was why Aventurine was currently more focused on rolling his chip along his fingers as he snickered at a slightly irritated response he got from Veritas.

Thanks to the universe's insistence on everything being late, his lunch break was later than it usually was, which, coupled with his increasingly more urgent need to piss, was greatly irritating him. Right now, though, he was waiting on Topaz and Veritas. Once they got there, they would get lunch and he would find a bathroom and finally relieve himself. Just the thought alone almost had him leaking, causing him to tense up and grab himself to prevent any damage. His bladder was hurting at this point. His belt was pressing against it, and all he wanted was to unbuckle it. He bounced his leg, flicking his chip into the air repeatedly as he focused on regaining control of his bladder. Closing his eyes, he sighed for perhaps the 50th time since he had gotten to work that morning. In fact, he was pretty sure this was a record for him.

It had certainly been a long day.

Hearing a knock on his office door, he opened his eyes, calling out that the door was open as he started to gather his things. He found himself smiling easily when he saw Veritas. Seeing his dear doctor always cheered him up, after all.

Of course, seeing Topaz was helping, too, as well as her cute little Warp Trotter, who was currently running around his chair. He often wondered how she tamed the thing. Sometimes he wondered if he could get one, too.

His thoughts died as Numby jumped onto his lap, shocking him just enough to cause him to leak. He managed to tense himself before it could create a wet spot and composed himself quick enough to pretend he was just surprised by the sudden presence of the creature on his lap, and he really hoped that they bought it.

Of course, he couldn't be mad at such a cute creature, so he pet it as he let out his usual chuckle, remarking on how Numby seemed to like him more than Topaz herself (Topaz poked her tongue out at that).

Grabbing his bag and standing up, the trio and Numby made their way out of his office, Veritas sighing as the two were bantering about who the better pet owner was (Topaz, definitely, but Aventurine was a pretty good cat dad. Veritas had seen how he played with the Cat Cakes, he could vouch for it).

The bantering stopped suddenly when Aventurine gasped as Topaz lightly jabbed his stomach with her elbow.

It was accidental. She had meant to jab his side in a teasing manner, something the two did often. A light, teasing gesture. This time, her aim was off, hitting his stomach instead, catching him off guard and causing him to leak. Except, this time, it wasn't a leak.

Aventurine stood frozen in front of his office door, his hand still on the door handle, staring at the ground in front of him as he felt his pants getting wetter and wetter by the second. He was unable to stop it no matter how much he tried.

He didn't dare to look up. He didn't want to see their expressions as they watched the famous Stoneheart piss himself in front of them, as they heard him whimper in embarrassment. So, he closed his eyes. He decided to just let it happen. He couldn't stop it anyway and frankly, he didn't want to. It felt good to finally relieve himself, it felt good to feel that pressure release.

Opening his eyes again, he could see the sizable puddle where he stood, as well as the damage he did to his pants. His thigh was soaked, his piss running down his leg and into the puddle below. As his stream started to slow, he let out a shaky breath, his gaze fixed on the floor. His cheeks were burning with an embarrassment he hadn't felt in a long time, and he could feel tears forming in his eyes. He could feel Topaz and Veritas' presence, thankful that they hadn't left him, but he couldn't bring himself to look at them.

Once the stream finally stopped, he waited. No one spoke, no one moved, no one did anything. So, Aventurine gave a self-deprecating laugh, making a joke about his luck being bad. It was the only thing he could think to do at that moment, having just humiliated himself in the worst way he could possibly think of.

The joke seemed to snap his friends out of their thoughts, Topaz immediately apologizing profusely and offering whatever help she could think of.

Veritas, on the other hand, stuck to simply placing a hand on his back, something he knew was surprisingly comforting to Aventurine.

To his surprise, he was kind of thankful that they were there.

