The Boss

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2025-01-06 03:51

Almost certainly not what a lot of people think of with a title like "The Boss" ☺️ Enjoy!

*****

It was a bad day.

Well, fiscally, it was a very good day. The deal that Allie’s team had been working on for months was about to be signed, earning the company a multi-million dollar commission.

But it was still a bad day.

Allie had worked for Sean McKinley for over three years, and she could tell when he was stressed. Not everyone could tell. Allie knew this. To most people, Mr. McKinley was the epitome of polish. Always calm and collected. Stoic, even.

That kind of consistency relaxed the owners they worked with. Selling a company was often hard for founders, and Mr. McKinley’s fact-based communication style was soothing. There were no hard sells, no Wolf-of-Wall-Street mania, and certainly no threats of bankruptcy if they don’t take a given deal.

Of course, even soothed customers have questions, and merging or selling companies involved a lot of very fine-tuned paperwork and a LOT of moving parts. And Allie knew that Mr. McKinley was always on edge near the end of big deals.

But this was different. In what Allie had been referring to as a Pretty Woman movie plot point, the owner’s father, who had founded the company almost 60 years ago, had gotten cold feet, and Mr. McKinley had spent hours over the past few weeks taking the old man through every single paragraph and contingency in the deal.

The effort had paid off, and the deal was being signed and verified this afternoon, but Allie could see how much the extra work had strained her boss. She’d seen him stretching out his neck multiple times over the past few days, and he’d even yawned a few times. For Mr. McKinley, that was tantamount to throwing a full-blown temper tantrum.

This morning, Mr. McKinley had almost snapped at Allie when she brought him the triplicate copies of the legal paperwork. He also had a muffin with his morning coffee, which never happened.

Allie didn’t bother sharing any of this, though. During her first year of work, she’d commented to Mr. McKinley’s personal assistant once when he snacked on honey roasted peanuts for two whole days, but Gina had just looked at her like she had told her the grass was green and told Allie that middle-school obsessions had no place in a professional company.

Looking across the table, Allie saw Mr. McKinley subtly pull down his shoulders. The overall mood in the conference room was on the happy side of apprehensive – the actual signing of the contracts was always tedious, but all sides seemed to be quite happy with the arrangement – but Allie couldn’t help but focus on the slight furrow in Mr. McKinley’s brow.

The people around the table, all in their power-suit best, made gentle small talk as pens scratched dozens of signatures across stacks of hundreds of papers. Mr. McKinley didn’t join in the chatter, which Allie added to her mental list of oddness.

As the signing went on, the late-afternoon sun warmed the room. The “to-be-signed” stacks dwindled, and the mood in the room lifted even more. Allie followed the signatures closely, making sure every date and initial was in the proper place, but she kept sneaking glances over at her boss.

The final signature was applied with little fanfare. There were a few seconds of quiet as the buyers and sellers looked around the room, unsure of the next steps.

Allie hesitated for just a moment before speaking up. “Well, ladies and gentlemen, that looks like everything on our end!”

Mr. McKinley looked up at her as she spoke, blinking deliberately as if trying to bring her into focus.

“Yes, thank you all,” Sean followed, not missing a beat. “We appreciate all of your diligence and time. Susannah has arranged a small reception down on the 42nd floor, so please follow her at your leisure.”

The voice of the consultant and the promise of food broke the quiet, and there was an instant rush of moving chairs and cheerful discussion. Everyone seemed to want to shake Mr. McKinley’s hand, thanking him for shepherding them through the sales process.

Allie shook hands of her own, keeping cautious eye on her boss. Between handshakes, Mr. McKinley rubbed the outside of his left thigh, almost as if massaging out a cramp.

The minor ruckus diminished as the parties followed Susannah out into the hallway. Allie hung back, collecting and collating the signed contracts for filing. Again, she glanced at Mr. McKinley out of the corner of her eye and was taken aback to see him wince.

“Are you all right, sir?”

Mr. McKinley’s face was blank as he raised his eyes to Allie’s.

“Please tell the staff they can leave early,” he ordered. Was it Allie’s imagination, or was his voice a bit strained? “With the contracts signed, everyone deserves a bit of a rest.”

Allie nodded, accepting Mr. McKinley’s obvious avoidance of her question. “I’ll make sure these are all filed and sent to the city before 5 PM.”

McKinley gave the barest of nods and walked out of the room. Allie was sure he was favoring his left leg, but his posture was still impeccable.

Allie shook her head vigorously, turning back to the stacks of signed contracts. She always did this kind of thing – making up imaginary scenarios about people around her. The blanker the canvas, the more intricate the daydream. And there was no blanker canvas in the office than Sean McKinley.

He was neither kind nor unkind. He was calm but forceful, his speaking volume never more or less than exactly what was needed to be heard in any given situation. He was clean-cut and clean-shaven, and tall enough to give him an air of attractiveness that his face alone didn’t provide. As far as Allie knew (and, being quite social and fairly nosy, she knew a lot), he didn’t socialize with anyone from the office. He funded the holiday parties but never attended.

Letting her attention drift, Allie loaded the contracts onto the cart to take back to her office. The filing process was straightforward, but it would likely take her at least an hour to make sure everything was entered properly.

There were still several assistants and interns in their cubicles, so Allie made sure to tell them all that they were free to go as she made her way back to her own office. No one was eager to stay longer than necessary, and Allie heard a flurry of activity in her wake.

Allie smiled to herself. Although she enjoyed her job and liked most of her colleagues, she relished the chance to have the office to herself. She could play some music, take her heels off, and let her mind wander. She could have great fun imagining fictional stories for her boss while she filed the paperwork.

Allie spent the next 45 minutes at her desk, humming along with her favorite Spotify playlist, navigating the city’s filing software, and coming up with increasingly silly scenarios to explain Mr. McKinley’s apparent discomfort:

He got caught up in a mafia plot and was wearing a wire the whole time.

He is part of an underground fight club and had a particularly vicious bout last night, leaving him sore.

He’s an alien plant, and his human suit is wearing out.

Giggling to herself at the alien idea, Allie looked up at the clock. It was just past 4:30, and she couldn’t hear any sounds from outside her office. She sent a quick email to Belén over with the city to let her know that all the paperwork was uploaded, then slid her shoes back on to take the copies over to Mr. McKinley’s office.

Sure enough, the rest of the office was empty as she strode down the hallway. Allie smiled to herself. She didn’t have anything else planned for the evening; maybe she’d take advantage of the quiet and get a bit more work done.

She peeked through the frosted glass pane on the side of Mr. McKinley’s door to his corner office. The shades were drawn, but there didn’t seem to be any lights on. She knocked, but didn’t hear a response.

Allie opened the door. Sure enough, neither the overhead lights nor the lamps were lit, though some light still streamed in under the mostly-drawn shades. Allie took the nearly arranged contracts and set them on Mr. McKinley’s immaculately clean and symmetrically arranged desk.

It wasn’t common at all for Mr. McKinley to leave work before the very end of the day, but maybe he was somewhere el-

“Oh!”

Allie yelped as she turned back toward the door and saw the shadowed figure of Mr. McKinley stretched out on his leather sofa. His eyes were closed, but he winced violently at the sound of her voice.

“Mr. McKinley! I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize you were still here, I was just lea…ving…”

Allie trailed off as her boss’s face pinched. He slowly drew a hand up to rest on his forehead.

Dropping her voice to a whisper, Allie took a step closer. “Mr. McKinley, are you all right?”

McKinley let out a low hum before responding. When he did, his voice was low but soft.

“Thank you for lowering your voice.”

Deep lines ran between his eyebrows. He may have been thanking her, but he was still in obvious discomfort. Allie quickly scanned his prone figure, but didn’t see any obvious signs of injury.

“Can I help you, sir?” she asked, keeping to a whisper

Mr. McKinley exhaled slowly and deliberately.

“I’ve already taken my medication,” he answered softly, giving Allie more personal information than she’d ever had.

Allie paused for a second. “OK.” She opened her mouth to continue, but had no foundation for any further ideas. She just knew that it was probably irresponsible to leave the man alone in his current state.

“Can I-“

“You can go.”

McKinley’s voice was definitely pained, and although he seemed to be keeping as still as possible, Allie could see the tension throughout his entire body.

Allie clenched her hands. Mr. McKinley was a grown man and she should listen to his orders. She took a step toward the door, still watching the pained grimace on his face.

“I can bring you something?” Everything was a question as this point, a desperate offer. “Some water, some-“

“Fuck.”

The monosyllabic whisper was breathed, not shouted, but it stopped Allie cold.

Mr. McKinley still hadn’t moved, but the lines on his forehead smoothed as his eyebrows tilted outward. It was more expression than Allie had ever seen on his face. Before she could parse out this new development, her gaze unintentionally shifted downward, and she bit back a gasp.

A dark stain was spreading down Mr. McKinley’s thighs, wetness glistening even in the dim light of the office.

Allie pressed her lips tightly together. It seemed rude to say something while her boss was…wetting himself. But it also seemed rude to keep silent.

“Sir?”

Mr. McKinley kept his eyes closed, his breathing shallow.

“Sean.” Allie kept her voice soft, but didn’t whisper this time.

Slowly, McKinley blinked. He didn’t meet Allie’s gaze, but Allie took this as a sign of attention, anyway.

“Everyone else is gone,” she assured him. “Can I bring you anything?”

Sean closed his eyes again, inhaling slowly. Allie waited silently.

After several moments, Sean spoke. “Can you please bring refill my water bottle? Room temperature.”

Allie nodded, even though she knew Mr. McKinley couldn’t see her. “I’ll be right back.”

His water bottle was sitting on the floor next to the couch, so she grabbed it and walked into the hallway, careful to open and shut the door slowly to minimize noise. Just outside the door, she slipped off her heels to further avoid any clicking.

Her mind spun as she filled the water bottle. She was oddly grateful for something to do, a task to complete, but she couldn’t think beyond that.

What now? None of her ridiculous imaginary stories about Mr. McKinley – Sean – involved him being in pain, incapacitated to the point of having an accident. And she knew so little about him, she had no idea how he would prefer to handle this thoroughly unexpected occurrence.

She tiptoed back to Mr. McKinley’s office, even though she was now in her stockings. She gently turned the handle, moving slowly to keep quiet while still alerting her boss that she was returning.

“Here,” she murmured, setting then water bottle on the floor next to him.

Sean hummed his acknowledgement. “There are…” he breathed, as if he hadn’t prepared enough to speak. “There are straws in the top drawer next to the fridge. Can you bring one, please?”

“Of course.” Allie kept her response vocal, since he hadn’t yet opened his eyes. She padded across the office and slowly opened the indicated drawer, withdrawing a silicone straw.

Returning to the couch, she inserted the straw into the water bottle without being asked. She eyed her boss, still motionless on the couch.

“Do you need help?”

Sean’s lips twitched slightly in what could’ve been a grimace or an attempted smile.

“No, I’ve got it, thank you.” He reached out his hand, only opening his eyes to maneuver the straw into his mouth. He drank for several seconds while Allie stood, unsure of what else to do but still unwilling to leave.

When he replaced the water bottle on the floor, Allie risked speaking again.

“What else can I do to help?”

He was no longer wincing in pain, but he seemed to be breathing very deliberately. And his pants were still wet, which was certainly not good.

There was a long pause. Sean’s face betrayed nothing. But Allie didn’t rise to her current position by being easily cowed.

Finally, Sean opened his eyes again, this time angling them sideways to look at Allie. His eyebrows were just slightly raised, betraying a shred of vulnerability.

“It would be…helpful,” he said slowly, “if you would…stay.”

“Of course.” Allie kept her voice soft, but didn’t hesitate or (she hoped) facially betray her shock. “What do you need?”

Sean visibly relaxed, a feat for someone who hadn’t really been showing all that much emotion to begin with.

“I-“ He cut himself off, and Allie practically reeled with the lack of surety she was seeing.

“The medication helps with the pain,” he explained quietly. He wasn’t keeping his eyes closed anymore, but he was looking straight up, no longer keeping eye contact. “But it can make me horribly dizzy. Talking helps me assess my stamina.”

“Well, I can certainly help with that!” Allie stepped back, sitting herself on the ottoman. When the boss didn’t move to suggest a discussion topic, however, Allie spoke again.

“If you don’t mind, sir-“

“Sean.” McKinley sighed, but it was more with amusement than resignation.

Allie suppressed a smile. “Sean,” she echoed. “Well, if you don’t mind, may I ask if there’s anything I can do to help in the future? Maybe help prevent something like this?”

Sean took a deep breath and took another drink of water. “I…” He paused again, and Allie didn’t interrupt. “I take preventative medication,” he explained, “and, as I alluded to, I have as-needed medication, as well.”

He rubbed his temple gently, every movement still slow and deliberate. He looked sideways, meeting Allie’s open gaze.

“It doesn’t always work,” he said, the vocal equivalent of a shrug. “Stress is one of my biggest triggers, and this week has been…a lot.”

Allie raised her eyebrows in agreement. “So…is this a…regular occurrence? Every time we have a big deal?”

Sean looked away. “It’s not the first time I’ve had a migraine in the office,” he admitted softly.

“Oh.” Even though she knew it was neither her job nor something that Sean advertised, she still felt a pang of guilt for not knowing when her boss was struggling. “So you just…lay down in here?”

“The medicine definitely helps with the duration and intensity,” Sean answered. “But it’s still – “ He sighed. “-exhausting. I usually…”

He paused again, looking unsure. Allie kept her face as neutral as she could.

“I sleep here,” he finished, and Allie couldn’t help a tiny giggle. Sean glanced at her, mildly perturbed.

“I’m sorry,” she said immediately, covering her mouth but still smiling. “But we all know you sleep here sometimes. What kind of genius, workaholic boss would you be if you never slept at the office?”

She meant to be lighthearted, but Sean didn’t smile. He just looked back toward the ceiling. “Yes, well.” His voice was soft. “Choosing to stay for work is a bit different than physically not being able to make it home.”

Allie winced; she hadn’t meant to insinuate any weakness. She tried a bit of spin. “So that means you have supplies and everything?”

Even in the fading evening light, Allie could see Sean’s cheeks color. His eyes flicked downward toward the incriminating stain on his tailored slacks.

“This…” His voiced scratched slightly. “…doesn’t usually happen.”

Allie was full-on cringing. She’d made it worse, but before she could attempt damage control, Sean continued.

“But I do have pajamas, extra suits, and…” Sean inhaled sharply, his face reddening further. “Materials to freshen up.”

“Well, good,” Allie didn’t leave any time for ruminating. “I mean, I can order in whatever you need, including dinner. Oh!” She practically interrupted her own train of thought.

“You haven’t eaten, have you? Are you hungry?”

Sean’s jaw unclenched, and some of the color faded from his cheeks. “Yes, actually. If you call the Korean place on the ground floor, they know my order. You can get whatever you want.”

Allie considered teasing her boss for having an open tab at a restaurant, but her last attempt at cheer hadn’t gone too well, so she just nodded. “Absolutely.”

She pulled up her phone to search the menu and order. Gesturing to Sean to indicate her intention, she left the office to be able to speak at a regular volume.

After ordering, she knocked lightly and stuck her head back in the office. Sean was leveraging himself up into a seated position.

“Hey, they said it would only be 10 minutes, so I’ll just head down now. Be back soon!”

She slipped her heels back on and stopped by her office to grab her purse, marveling at the afternoon’s turn. It wasn’t even five o’clock yet; they’d finished closing the deal less than 2 hours ago. And in the past twenty minutes…

Allie picked up their order with a smile, going through the motions as if she hadn’t just experienced an utterly surreal series of events with her boss. She gripped the fragrant paper bag in the elevator, trying to school her face into a pleasant, non-pitying expression.

Sean called her in when she knocked, and she was simultaneously surprised and not to find that he’d changed into loose pajama pants and a t-shirt. He’d even turned on a lamp to combat the diminishing evening light.

He was setting out napkins on his small conference table. He was arranging two places, answering Allie’s unspoken question of whether or not he expected her to stay to eat.

He even pulled her chair out for her. As he seated himself across the table, he looked directly into Allie’s eyes.

“Thank you,” he said. He was still speaking quietly, but his voice was stronger than it had been. “I obviously had no intention of interacting with anyone else this afternoon, but…”

His eyes had drifted downward as he spoke, but he raised them to meet her gaze again.

“I’m grateful you were here, Miss…Allie.”

Allie smiled softly and reached for japchae bowl. She still wouldn’t have said that she knew Sean well, but she was fairly certain that he wouldn’t want to drag out this moment. Setting down one container, she held out a pair of chopsticks toward her boss.

“I’m happy to help,” she said, lightly but sincerely. “If you ever need anything, just let me know.”

Sean nodded once, not quite smiling, but conveying gratitude nonetheless. He opened his bibimbap container and grabbed the chopsticks, subtly signaling the end of that particular branch of conversation.

Allie mimicked him, allowing them to lapse into silence. She’d had quite enough of his blank slate filled in for one evening. It was more than enough for now.

