Cuck Confessions

Author: satyr

*000*2018-12-14 05:07

Author's note: My first new story in a while. As usual, you can never please everyone: most stories will contain elements that don't appeal to some subset of readers. As with this one. I worry a lot that my stories are becoming same-y, variants on stale fantasties, which is why I struggle to write new stories. My hope is that quality of writing can make up for lack of originality. Most of the best stories on this site don't tell entirely original stories. I also think good characterization can go a long way towards improving an old storyline, even if characters often descend into stereotypes to facilitate particular scenaros. I'm always working on new takes on the age-old desperation, wetting and humiliation themes, but coming up with something new is hard, as I'm sure any writer can appreciate.

Welcome to Cuck Confessions. I am what many would consider a “beta cuck.” Of course, it should go without saying that I am not a subscriber to the “based redpilled theory” of human sexual psychodynamics, but nevertheless, it can’t be denied that I am a man who is often bossed around by the women in his life. I’m more or less a stay-at-home dad to two daughters now about ready to fly the coop, doing only a little consulting working on the side. I’m supported by my beautiful, confident wife, who runs a successful law firm; her sister is the administrative head of the organization and my wife its head lawyer.

While they earn the big money, I do housework and look after the kids, who are now getting to the age where they don’t need much looking after. It’s not uncommon that I hear good-natured jokes about being a doormat, even from my loved ones. And in the online community of angry men, I will no doubt be accused of being a willing victim of female hypergamy. My wife is probably fucking some handsome Chad while I do the dishes, they will say.

But that’s not what this blog is going to be about. Oh, no. There have been times when the overconfident women in my life have had to come to me begging for help, humiliated. Often in one peculiar way, in fact. This is the story of those instances. These are my Cuck Confessions.

One day, around lunchtime, I received a frantic call from my sister-in-law, Emma. She was whispering and hard to make out, but there was a definite note of despair in her voice. “Emma, is that you? I can’t hear you very well,” I said.

“I’m in a bathroom at the Ritz,” she whispered. Now the peculiar acoustics made sense. “I need you to bring me a pair of Anna’s underwear and beige slacks, very quickly.” This was, to say the least, a peculiar request. I couldn’t understand what might prompt this, so I prodded. She would only tell me she had a wardrobe malfunction and she was currently in a business meeting, and the clock was ticking. Maybe she suddenly had a violent period? I didn’t know, but I grabbed the clothes she requested and hurried over to the Ritz, one of the classier places in town to have a business meeting. I didn’t look like I belonged at all, dressed in jeans and t-shirt, carrying a backpack with women’s clothes. The maitre’d looked me over with a skeptical eye.

“I have an urgent delivery for Emma Louise Batton,” I said. I tried to affect the hapless errand-boy, which seemed to please the maitre’d. After confirming that Emma had a table reserved, he waved me through. That was the easy part. Now I needed to get into the ladies’ bathrooms. It had already been fifteen minutes since the call, and I imagine whatever business associates Emma was entertaining were beginning to wonder. I circled around and found the bathrooms. Just as I was about to enter the ladies’, I was hailed by a waiter who pointed to the sign of a very gentlewomanly lady crossing her legs on the door.

“I believe that’s not your restroom,” the waiter said diplomatically.

“Right you are! I’ve got an urgent delivery to make and I’m a bit distracted,” I improvised. It’s one of my better qualities, perhaps what attracted my wife—to most, considered way out of my league—to me in the first place. I can come up with a plausible excuse at a moment’s notice. Instead of entering the ladies, I entered the gents’, standing by the sink for thirty beats of the heart, listening for movement from the corridor outside. When I thought the coast was clear, I reentered the hallway, and it was empty. So, happily, was the ladies’ restroom.

“Emma?” I called softly.

“Here,” came a muffled cry from one of the stalls. I walked over and pushed open the unlocked door. Whatever I was expecting, it was not this. Let me set the stage for you. Emma was in her mid-thirties, a natural brunette with a sunny disposition and subtle curves—I’m a sucker for those. She was dressed in business casual, beige slacks and a blazer over a white collared shirt. But her slacks were at her ankles, a wide trail of liquid running down both pants legs. Their source was clearly her exposed, pink panties, which had gone partially see-through. She was sitting on the toilet, runny mascara and puffy eyes, and a wide pool of vaguely yellow liquid extended a foot from the toilet stool.

“Emma! What happened?” I asked, incredulous. I even forgot to whisper.

“It’s—long meeting, I didn’t have time… Please, the clothes. I’ll thank you later,” Emma muttered. I opened the backpack and handed her the clothes. “Thanks,” she said. “Please don’t mention it to anyone. I’ll thank you later.” And then she shooed me out of the cubicle.

I was stunned. I’d just witnessed my sister-in-law, always so confident, so assertive, so in her element, clearly in the aftermath of a major potty accident. I couldn’t believe it. But to be sure, I wouldn’t forget it. If I heard one more comment about who the real man in the house was, I’d give a smirk that said, “Remember that time you pissed your pants at a business meeting and came to me literally crying for help?” I like to think that I’m not a petty man, but there’s only so much a man can take. Our society has increasingly moved towards a division between angry men who believe women lie, manipulate and cheat their way to the top, and men who believe in gender equality, but still can’t find it in them to see a man taking on a traditionally female role as a real man. And I’m caught up in the middle of it.

The following weekend, my wife was away and Emma came over. She gave me a kiss on the cheek that was perhaps a little more affectionate than familiar. She explained that she’d been late to work for once, and hadn’t had time to go to the bathroom before her meeting. She had hours of prep work to do. Then the meeting dragged on, and she felt compelled to have a coffee to compensate for poor sleep the night before, then a customary glass of white at the lunch. Her business associates expected such niceties. They were wealthy potential investors. As the meeting continued, so did the pressure in Emma's bladder.

Finally, an hour in, she couldn’t prevent a leak. She considered excusing herself to the restroom, but just then, it seemed like a favorable agreement might be tabled. “It’s vital to pounce on these opportunities before the mood evaporates,” she lectured me. Even while recounting her most humiliating experience, she couldn’t resist showing off her business acumen. And then the inevitable happened: the leaks grew to a flood. Mortified, Emma hoped her associates couldn’t hear the pitter-patter of her pee cascading off the chair. Once she was well and truly soaked, she picked up her purse to hide the evidence as best she could, muttered something about a feminine emergency and ran off. Then she called me.

“What happened with the meeting, then?” I inquired.

“Oh, they weren’t exactly in the mood for a deal after waiting for me hiding in the bathroom for more than twenty minutes,” Emma said. “Although they feigned sympathy, and I think I got away with it. We didn’t make the deal but it’s still not completely off the table.”

“Seems like you might want to take some precautions next time,” I said. Just couldn’t resist.

She blushed. “This will be our little secret, okay? I brought Anna's clothes, dry cleaned, not a spot on them.” Then she leaned in and gave me a kiss, full on the lips. I didn’t resist—after all, who was the cuck now?—but it did leave me feeling guilty. After that, we drank a cup of tea and talked of other things. Seemed like Emma needed some time to return to her baseline mood. When she left, she blew me a kiss. I never mentioned any of this to my wife, of course.

I find confident women irresistible, and they like the way I have of acquiescing to most demands. But I must admit, sometimes it feels good to see them humiliated. Does that make me a bad person? I would never set up a situation to humiliate the women in my life, but sometimes they do a fairly good job of that on their own.

My older daughter had just turned eighteen, and her friend was seventeen. She’d been begging me for weeks to let her go on a trip to her friend’s parents’ cabin. I imagine partying wildly was on her mind. But in the end, it transpired that the only way any of this were to occur was if both families provided a parent as chaperons. Though thoroughly miffed at this idea of parental supervision, eventually the dynamic duo decided to go ahead with the plan anyway. Naturally, I accompanied Julia, my daughter, while her friend Veronica was shackled by her mother.

The cabin was a few hours’ drive from the city where we all lived. All was well until we got there and the girls discovered it wasn’t all it was cracked up to be. Veronica’s parents had recently inherited it and she’d never been there herself. There was elecricity, barely working light bulbs, but no plumbing. We had to bring bottles of drinking water to put in the gas-driven fridge.

The evening progressed, we adults chatting amiably about this or that, and the girls enjoying their first parental-sanctioned glasses of wine. After a while, their corner of the room was quite lively, laughter and giggles interrupting conversations like percussive intrusions into a mellow tune. Then came the subject of toilet facilities. I could see from Veronica’s shifting about that she needed to pee. As for my daughter, she is known to hold for long periods of time, but even she was getting fidgety. There was only an outhouse, and a quick look was all it took for Julia to decide she was never ever using that smelly little hole. Eventually, Veronica shuffled out into the darkness and returned, looking relieved, but also casting suspicious glances down at her crotch. We parents had already availed ourselves of the facilities, which honestly weren’t that bad, considering they consisted of an outhouse with a bench and a hole.

By midnight, we were all pretty tired. Julia was now fidgeting openly. “Honey, you should really use the restroom before bed,” Veronica’s mother tried. Julia shook her head. “But you’re clearly bursting! Poor thing. You’ll wet the bed!”

Julia has inherited her mother and sister-in-law’s stubbornness and pride. “Of course I won’t,” she said, and that was her final word on the matter, even as she sat with her legs crossed, shivering and holding her abdomen.

“I won’t clean up after you,” Veronica’s mother said. “If you insist, you’re sleeping on a towel.”

“Daaaad,” Julia yelled. I gave her the look. The look that I so rarely get to give. And she gave in. She agreed to protect her bed against a possible bedwetting. My confident, strong-bladdered daughter of eighteen.

We woke by dawn. I knocked on the girls’ bedroom. “Are you decent? Breakfast soon.”

“You can come in,” Veronica said. She sat on her bed fully dressed. I gave Julia an expectant look.

“Well?”

She triumphantly threw off the covers, showing not a spot on her pajamas. What was apparent, however, was the bulge in her midsection. I decided not to comment. We ate a pleasant breakfast of eggs and bacon, although I could see my daughter struggling to compose herself. I tried again to encourage her to use the outhouse, citing the long journey ahead, but she refused. Veronica, apparently, had also had enough after one experience with the outhouse. We piled into the van and drove off.

The drive itself was supposed to be three hours. We stopped early on to pick up some coffees to go. It was still early, and not much traffic on the road. But then we hit the major highway, and traffic picked up. The local radio reported on the end of a nearby music festival, perhaps accounting for the heightened traffic. About two hours in, I glanced back and saw Veronica crossing her legs, while my daughter was hunched over, red in the face. I wondered if either of them would last the full journey.

Then we hit a jam. All those trucks driving heavy musical equipment apparently hadn’t coordinated very well, and there had been a major accident. A big truck lay turned over on its side, the radio reported. It was still a while ahead of us, but traffic had slowed to a crawl. We were on the highway, too, with no way off.

An hour passed, and we had made five minutes’ worth of progress.

“Mom, I, uh, kinda need to pee,” Veronica announced. It had been obvious for a while, what with her fidgeting, and now openly holding herself. Even Marjorie, Veronica’s mom, had begun fidgeting a bit when she thought I wasn’t looking.

“I’m sorry, honey, but it looks like this is gonna be a while.”

“Are you alright, Julia?” I asked.

She was hunched over, clutching herself, twisting her legs every which way. “’M fine,” she growled. Clearly, she was not.

The scenery changed very slowly. It took us another hour to get to the accident point—by now, the rescue crew was almost done getting the vehicle upright and out of the way of traffic. “No major accidents, luckily, although one driver was taken to the hospital with minor injuries,” reported the radio. A small miracle. Not much help for the desperate ladies in our van, of course. Even I was feeling some slight pressure in my nether regions now, but I knew I could last hours yet.

Suddenly, Veronica moaned loudly. I looked back, and saw that she was losing her battle: a wet patch had begun spreading across her lap. The light denim darkened quickly, and the little drips were rhythmic, hypnotic; clench, release, clench, release. After five minutes, her lap was soaked. She put her head in her hands and began sobbing softly.

“Oh, honey,” her mother said.

“I’m so sorry,” Veronica said.

“It’s not your fault,” her mother reassured her. “Your friend, on the other hand, refusing every reasonable opportunity...”

Julia was in miserable condition. She had her hands partially cramped in her crotch, partially holding her abdomen, and her entire lower body was shaking. But she was holding on. “I’m fine, thank you very much,” she announced.

The accident on the road was finally cleared, and traffic slowly picked up again. We agreed to turn off at the nearest gas station for the girls to change. Julia reminded us she was in no need of a change, but none of us really believed she could hold on.

About five minutes before we pulled into the gas station, I noticed a smell. Subtle, unpleasant, emanating from the backseat. Julia was still hunched over, so much so that she was hovering slightly over the seat. I said nothing yet. We got out, and Veronica’s mom busied herself finding a change of clothes for her daughter. I stepped out of the car and gave Julia a hand, since she was in no condition to exit the car on her own. When I pulled her upright, she began walking briskly towards the main building. But the way she walked was funny, a sort of waddle, and then I spotted it: a little bulge between the cheeks of her bum, protruding from her jeans. I caught up with her.

“I know,” I whispered.

“What?” She said, clearly both annoyed and embarrassed.

“About your little pants situation.”

Her demeanor changed completely. Her face flushed, she cast her eyes down. Her waddle became more distinct. She was still holding herself between her legs, stopping and squeezing intermittently, clearly still desperate for a pee. “I told you I wouldn’t pee myself,” she huffed. As if this were any less embarrassing.

“Don’t count your chicks until they’re hatched,” I said.

Julia made her way to the gas station restroom. It was unoccupied. She stayed in there for a long time, leaving her friend standing awkwardly in wet jeans outside. The attendant stared at her. She was a matronly woman in her fifties, and her wrinkled brows told the tale. Girls this age shouldn’t be pissing themselves.

Finally, Julia emerged, a smile on her face and a fresh application of perfume wafting off her. Clearly, she was playing it off as a close call. Nothing was visible on her jeans. Veronica eyed her friend sadly, then picked up her mother’s bag of clothes and entered the restroom. Ten minutes later, she emerged dry but humiliated.

The rest of the drive was uneventful, but I certainly wouldn’t be forgetting my daughter’s stubborn accident. I found her panties in the laundry bin a few days later: they were utterly ruined. I double-bagged them and threw them in the trash. The jeans she wore that day, I never saw again.

“I heard you had a close call on the way home,” my wife told Julia the next day. Julia shrugged. “I made it, like I always do.” I said nothing, but I gave her the look. She blushed and excused herself to her bedroom “to study.”

One night, my wife was away on business yet again. Some big court case. At four in the morning, there was a soft knock on my bedroom door. There stood my younger daughter, holding a pair of wet bed sheets. “Dad, I don’t know what happened,” she said. “It just… I must have been sleeping heavily and...” I gave her a hug. Unlike my wife, my older daughter, and my sister-in-law, my youngest Courtney has never been arrogant. She’s always been a bit of a daddy’s girl, listening to my advice and respecting me far more than she respects her mother. I couldn’t find any reason for schadenfreude here. We cleaned things up, and I assured her that I loved her, accidents or not.

Unlike her sister, Courtney has a bit of a weak bladder. Usually, she manages it well. But occasionally, she doesn’t. One time, we were on a family vacation in a tropical location, and Courtney wet her bathing suit waiting in line for a water slide. It got us all thrown out of the park, souring everyone’s mood. But my wife’s reaction was what really pissed me off. She showed absolutely no empathy, berating her teenage daughter for acting like a baby, quite loudly I might add. I rarely get pissed enough to deal with any marital issues in a more aggressive than passive way, but this was one of those times.

One night, the girls were in the hotel watching a movie, old enough to look after themselves. I decided to ply my wife with alcohol. I wanted a confrontation. Things had soured between us lately. Her sister’s mishap at the business meeting had spoiled a deal that could have propelled the firm into the stratosphere, and now suddenly acquisitions made contingent on that deal going through were leading to potential financial troubles. And Anna took her frustrations out on me on a daily basis. My cooking was suddenly no good; one uncleaned dish was evidence that I wasn’t holding up my part of the deal, where she made the big money and I was the homemaker. My closeness with Courtney was also becoming an issue. I think she was jealous she couldn’t connect as well with her younger daughter—who had inherited more of my mild-mannered genes—than her assertive older one.

She was happy to drink. By the fifth drink, she had yet to excuse herself to the bathroom. This was when I launched my strike. I told her that her treatment of Courtney’s accident was beneath her, bad parenting. I told her she should be more empathetic, and maybe then her youngest daughter would actually like her. This last comment was quite mean, and cut too close to the truth. My wife exploded, sending a series of loud expletives my way. It was all I could do to keep us from getting thrown out of the restaurant. Finally, I offered her another drink, to calm things down. All the while, everything was working its way throw her system, and she was now noticeably drunk and fidgeting. But she would not simply walk out of an argument: she had to win. So we spent another hour circling around the issues, more calm in tone but no less acidic in content. By this point, Anna could not sit still. I suggested we call it a night. On wobbly legs, we made our way back towards the hotel.

On the way back, she continued to make references to our earlier spat. “She’s just a brat and needs to learn how to control herself!”

“Might say the same of you,” I remarked. Anna was clenching her butt, walking gingerly, occasionally squeezing her crotch.

“What did you just say to me?” She demanded.

“I said you look about to piss yourself right now.”

For a moment, she looked like she might slap me. Then she hunched over, and it seemed like her entire energy deflated. Hands between her legs, face scrunched up, she fought to remain in control. I waited in silence. Finally, she rose. “Let’s get home,” she said. Her tone, now, was milder. Anxious, even.

We crossed the hotel lobby and entered the elevator. Anna was tripping on her legs, shifting her weight every which way. She was dressed in tight jeans, and I could see the bulge protruding over the waistband. At times, her knees buckled. I steadied her, and she let me. Then we were at our floor.

Anna shuffled towards our room. I opened it, since her hands were occupied squeezing between her legs. The room was a suite—perk of the high-class lawyer lifestyle—and the girls were asleep in the other room. Anna turned to me, on trembling legs. I could spot moisture in her eyes. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I’ve been a terrible wife lately, and a bad parent. These business issues are taking their toll.” Well, she didn’t say it exactly like that. She was slurring slightly and shivering all over her body, interrupting her sentences with quick and instinctive curtsies.

She moved towards me. Took my face in her hands. Moved in for a kiss. When you have a wife like mine, reconciliatory sex can be a blessing or a curse. She guided me onto the bed, switching our positions so I was on top. She began caressing my face, and I made a tentative move towards her breasts. I cupped them through her shirt, and she moaned. Then her entire body spasmed under me, and a little “noooo” escaped her. Laying on top of her, I could feel the flood. Her pee pressed through her jeans, moving upwards towards her shirt, pushing into my own pants, and spilling all over the bed.

It lasted over a minute. By the end, I moved off her and began undressing my clothes, covered in her pee. She lay on top of a wet bedcover, streaks of pee going from her crotch up into her shirt, down both pants legs, and ending in a large pool under her butt. I said nothing, and she did nothing except blush and cover her face. I stripped naked and re-dressed in clean clothes. Then I told my wife, “I think it’s time you had a talk with Courtney.”

She was crying now. “Hush, baby,” I said. “Remember that talk about empathy? Now be an adult and actually do it.”

I walked over into the other room and woke up Courtney. Told her her mom had something important to tell her and she should come into the main room. Bleary-eyed, she followed my lead.

There she was, my wife, standing just off the soaked bed, still in her piss-stained clothes.

“Oh my god, mom!” Courtney said.

“I’m so sorry, honey,” Anna managed. “Sometimes accidents happen, and I shouldn’t have called you a baby.”

Now, like I said, Courtney is a sweet soul. She had already forgiven her mother, well, at least she was open to the possibility of forgiveness. The two of them hugged it out, and for once, Anna listened when Courtney spoke of her problems, the embarrassment, the fact that she felt like her father was the only one who understood.

The next year was very good, family-wise.

I have one final tale. Both my daughters were now in college, and they were home on summer vacation. Courtney came running into the house one evening, heading straight for the bathroom with urgency in her stride. She’d gotten an internship at a local ad agency. Julia had a part-time job, but she had the day off, and she happened to observe this. She had managed to escape her accident dignity intact—only she and I knew about it. And she couldn’t resist making a quip about her sister’s frequent mishaps when Courtney emerged from the bathroom, dry and relieved.

“Oh, fuck off,” Courtney said. It was a rare case of her cursing. “You might have a freaking balloon for a bladder but that doesn’t give you the right to judge me. Every balloon can burst.”

I happened to observe this exchange discreetly from the top of the stairs.

“Sure thing, little sister,” said Julia. “I could outlast you even now, and I haven’t been since last night.”

“I’m not playing your stupid games,” Courtney said. “Just go away.” That’s my girl, I thought.

“Because you know you’ll lose, like always,” said Julia. “I’m doing it anyway, bitch.” How could I have raised two such different daughters? I sometimes wonder. Perhaps the truth is Julia was raised by her mother, and Courtney by me.

Courtney walked off, seemingly done with the affair.

Julia lounged in the family room watching re-runs of Friends for the next two hours, sipping lemonade. She made no move towards the nearby restroom, and by the end of it she was squirming.

At dinner, she had a glass of wine, with water on the side. By now, her movements under the table were obvious. Courtney gave her the silent treatment.

After dinner, I took Julia aside. “What the hell are you doing?” I asked. She sat on the couch, legs crossed.

“Lounging, currently,” she said.

“I mean your whole challenge thing.”

“You heard that?”

“I did. And I think it’s mean and immature.”

“Courtney needs to learn her place,” Julia said. She had begun seeing herself as her mother’s heir, already in her second year law program, and clearly thought Courtney going into advertisement was a disgrace to the family name. A name made not by Julia, mind, but by her mother and aunt.

“You might want to forget, but I remember the camping trip,” I chided.

She blushed and puffed up her cheeks. Made her look rather like a scared pufferfish, rather than the defiant daughter. “You were hallucinating,” she said.

“Call it off and be reasonable,” I said.

Julia left the room to grab another drink. Well, I thought, let her dig her own grave.

I approached Courtney, who was always up for a little father-daughter chat. I told her Julia was still going with her silly challenge. Courtney shook her head. “Why does she have to be so mean? We’re supposed to be sisters.”

“I tried and pleaded, but she won’t listen. I suggest you make use of the restroom and let her prove a lesson to herself. Truth be told, makes me feel like a bad father, but I can’t exactly drag my college-aged daughter to the bathroom.”

Courtney nodded.

The evening wore on. We all gathered in the family room to watch Netflix. By now, Julia was moving erratically, still sipping on her lemonade, unable to sit still. Halfway through the movie, she interjected, “Have to go potty yet, little sis?”

“Nope,” Courtney said, and continued watching the movie.

When it was over, it was getting late, but none of us were particularly tired. Julia was hunched over on the couch, holding herself.

One of the perks of wealthy life in the summer is having your own private swimming pool in the yard. And this time of year, the temperature stays bath-able through midnight. “Hey, fancy a swim, sis?” Courtney piped up.

Julia groaned.

“It’s so relaxing, cooling off at the end of a hot day,” Courtney added.

“Fine,” Julia said.

Fifteen minutes later, Julia had contorted herself into a rather revealing one-piece bathing suit. It displayed her protruding bladder prominently. I grabbed a beer and sat down in a lawn chair, watching as the two of them waded. Julia couldn’t move much at all anymore. Every little movement was accompanied by a squeeze, a grab, a contortion designed to contain her flood. Courtney swam gracefully like a swan. After a while, the two of them climbed out of the pool. Courtney gracefully, Julia clumsily, more like a rhino than the lithe young woman she was. Both of the girls seated themselves on lawn chairs beside me. “Fancy a night-cap?” I asked, waving my bottle of beer. Courtney nodded. They were both of age.

I emerged with three bottles, pre-opened. Julia took hers with shaky hands. Anything holding up one of her hands was an impediment to her efforts to hold it in.

Courtney savored the beer—a fine Belgian—while Julia sullenly sipped at hers. I was anticipating something to happen soon.

Julia set her beer on the nearby table. “I think I’m calling it a night,” she announced, and rose gingerly.

Courtney smirked.

Julia shuffled towards the house. I couldn’t believe how she was still holding it. Although I hate to write this—I harbor no such feelings towards my children—you might want to know that you could clearly see her glutes working overtime, contracting every muscle of her lower body to hold it.

“Are you ready to call it off?” I asked her.

She turned, pained. “Of course not.”

We all went to bed.

Early the next morning, Julia came banging on my office door. She was cross-legged and hunched over. “What’s going on with the bathroom?” She demanded.

“Oh,” I said. I had genuinely forgotten, but I’d had some electrical problems in the bathroom recently and had an electrician over early. “Got some work being done there right now.”

“I have to pee!” Julia exclaimed.

“Yes, I told you yesterday, call it off.”

“And the bathroom’s closed off.”

“For the next few hours.”

“Fuck. Well, I’ll just hold it.” Just then, Courtney showed up, somewhat jittery herself, complaining about the same issue. I explained the situation.

“What are we gonna do?” Courtney asked.

“I’m taking you to the nearest coffee shop,” I said.

“What? No!” Julia said.

“Do you want to pee in your pants?”

“Of course not!”

“The sink, then?”

She conceded. We piled into the car, Julia frantic, Courtney clearly in serious distress herself. When we got to the coffee shop, Julia insisted on buying a coffee—most stores only allow customers use of their facilities if they buy something. But I imagine it was also a ploy to prove she could still outlast Courtney, who happily headed for the restrooms. By the time Courtney was back, relieved, Julia had a cup of coffee in a shaky hand which she immediately handed over to me. I followed her towards the unisex single-stall restroom, needing a leak myself.

Meanwhile, a line had formed. A young woman in front, then an older lady with a little girl behind her. Julia was potty-dancing like a toddler. The older lady gave her a raised eyebrow.

The young lady entered, and by now, it looked like Julia was on her last legs. I politely inquired of the older lady, “Might my daughter jump the line? I’m sorry, but she’s about to have an accident.”

“Dad!” Julia exclaimed.

The older lady sighed, but allowed Julia to go in front. When the young lady exited, Julia ran in. She was in there for five minutes. I didn’t expect her to make it, but when she exited, she was dry as the Sahara, smiling. The little girl and the old lady did their business, and I did mine, and that was that. Courtney looked a little disappointed when her sister emerged dry, but said nothing. Julia took the now-cooled coffee from me and immediately downed it. Then she ordered a soda, saying she needed to rehydrate.

But the saga doesn’t quite end there. By the time we got home, the electrician informed me it would be an all-day job.

Julia didn’t take it well, having finished another two lemonades by the time I broke the news.

By dinner, Julia was frantic again. Her mammoth hold must have weakened her—her kidneys still in overdrive. She refused a glass of water from her sister, who gave an amused smirk in return.

Courtney announced she hoped the damn bathroom would be in order again soon. Then she went rummaging in her closet and found something very old—a half-used pack of bedwetting pants she had occasionally used up until her teens. She presented her find to her sister.

“You’ve got to be kidding me!” Julia said.

“Well, I’m gonna wear one, just in case,” Courtney said.

Just then, another spasm wracked Julia, and she had to hunch down to keep it in. When she rose, she accepted a pink pull-up from her sister. “This doesn’t prove anything,” she said. “It’ll still be dry by tonight.”

“Whatever you say.”

So now I had two daughters in their early twenties, both wearing what amounted to diapers. Both were fidgeting, but one much more so than the other. The electrician informed me that although it would involve overtime, he really needed to fix this tonight to get his other assignments done the next week, and he wouldn’t charge any extra. It was crunch time.

We sat down on the couch, trying to zone out to the television. I fancied a quick pee myself by this time. None of us could keep their attention on the screen.

Both girls were scrunched up in an almost fetal position, holding themselves. At one point, Julia went rigid, thousand-yard-stare, squeezing herself with all her might. After that, she was more or less crumbled into a ball.

Then Courtney gave a yelp. “No!” She moaned. Then she announced, matter-of-factly, “I peed a little. I need to go change.”

Julia jumped on the opportunity. “I knew it. You’re just not as strong as me.”

“Let’s see yours, then,” Courtney countered.

Being present for this exchange made me quite uncomfortable as a parent. But all details for you, dear readers.

Julia looked down.

“Let’s see it!”

With a groan, Julia managed to stand up.

“Well, then?” asked my younger daughter.

Julia blushed. Slowly, she lowered her pants.

It was quite obvious. Her pull-up was swollen and yellow.

Courtney laughed. “Oh my god.” Then she walked off to change.

Julia, now thoroughly humiliated, attempted to do the same. But halfway across the room, she stopped and crouched down. A loud hiss could be heard, and soon the urine broke through the leak guards, trailing through her jeans and down onto the floor in a massive puddle. Tears were welling up in Julia’s eyes.

Courtney came back refreshed to see her sister sitting in a puddle of her own making.

At that moment, the electrician showed up to announce he was done. “Oh my,” he said. “I’m so sorry.” He quickly arranged to send a bill in the mail and disappeared from the scene.

I had expected my younger daughter to gloat, but instead she helped her sister up and took her to Courtney’s room. I wasn’t privy to the following conversation, but had it related to me later.

“I’m sorry,” Julia said. Courtney nodded. “Accidents happen,” she said. “Actually, I wanted to tell you something that might cheer you up.”

“Nothing could possibly do that.”

“Try me.”

“When I got to my room, I realized I didn’t just need to pee. And… it just happened. I lost control. Notice the air freshener?” Courtney rummaged threw her laundry bin and retrieved a pair of jeans. There was a distinct brown mark on the seat of the pants, and a bunch of used wet wipes poorly concealed by paper towels on top of a double-bagged pull-up in the paper bin.

“Oh my god,” Julia said. “I would never poop my pants.”

“Let’s agree to let toilet matters be private matters from now on,” Courtney said.

“Deal.”

That marks the end of my peculiar series of humiliating incidents involving my cocky women. For now. Am I a bad person for sharing these stories? Perhaps. Am I cuck? Who knows. But these are my Cuck Confessions, and you perverts are now accomplices after the fact.

*003*2018-12-15 17:03

Thanks, guys, appreciate it! I hope to have more stories coming soon-ish.

*005*2018-12-16 16:38

{{21 hours ago, iop098 said:

Very good story, as usual, Satry. I see what you are saying with your meta-commentary on your writing. I'm much too lazy(and busy with school and work tbf) to construct the sort of ideas you do to go around your fiction, that is what sets your work apart. But your mastery of the basic "archetypes" of stories is second-to-none as well.

}}

That's what I hope to achieve, anyway. Happy to hear you liked it.

