Girl strugles to control her bladder during bussines meting

Author: Skopusnik

*000*2023-02-23 22:05

Mia had been preparing for this meeting for weeks. She had spent countless hours poring over spreadsheets and research reports, perfecting her pitch, and rehearsing her presentation. This was her chance to land the big client and take her business to the next level.

As she sat in the conference room, surrounded by executives from the client company, she felt confident and prepared. But there was one thing she hadn't prepared for - her bladder.

Mia had been drinking coffee all morning to stay alert and focused, and now she was paying the price. She had to pee so badly it was all she could think about. But she couldn't leave the meeting, not when everything was on the line.

As the meeting progressed, Mia's discomfort grew. She shifted in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position, but nothing helped. She crossed her legs tightly, hoping to hold off the urge to pee, but it was no use. The pressure in her bladder was building to an unbearable level.

Mia tried to focus on the discussion at hand, but her mind kept drifting to her desperate need to pee. She was starting to sweat, her face flushing with embarrassment. She was afraid that if she moved too much, everyone in the room would notice.

And then it happened. A small leak. Mia gasped and clamped her legs together even tighter, but it was no use. Another tiny spurt of urine escaped, followed by another.

Mia was mortified. She had never experienced anything like this before. She could feel the wetness spreading across her underwear and seeping into her pants. She knew she was going to have a visible stain soon if she didn't do something.

But she couldn't leave the meeting. Not when so much was at stake. She tried to concentrate on her presentation, but the tension in her bladder was making it impossible to focus.

As the meeting drew to a close, Mia knew she couldn't hold on any longer. She excused herself and rushed to the bathroom, where she finally let out the relief she had been longing for.

Mia returned to the conference room, feeling embarrassed and humiliated. She knew she had to finish the meeting, but she couldn't shake the feeling of shame that hung over her like a dark cloud. She wished she had been better prepared for this meeting - not just with her presentation, but with her bodily needs as well.

