Desperately Exposed

Author: SeriousSly

*000*2022-02-09 16:26

Chapter 1: Set in Motion

It began on a warm Spring night, as darkness encroached on the fleeting rays of late day sun. As with so many stories of this kind a chain of events, some entirely preventable and others not, were inconspicuously set in motion. This time it would be in the quiet suburban town of Smithville just past 9pm. The first link in that chain slid into place in the Lyon household as the Lyons’ son, Adam, swung open his bedroom door and immediately made a beeline for a different, smaller room in the house.

Adam typically went to bed around 9pm each night however before that his preferred method of unwinding after a long school day was playing video games. Given the limited amount of time he had each night to play video games Adam had developed a penchant for trying to maximize potential gaming time by minimizing any disruptions to his recreational time. This meant that after dinner each night Adam would typically barricade himself in his room with snacks and a very large bottle of water so he would not need to leave and interrupt his gaming time until it was time for bed. This also meant of course that after hours of gaming in his bedroom, his 9pm bedtime was also the time of Adam’s final, typically very needed, potty break.

Indeed, just as so much spring water had flowed out of the spout of Adam’s water bottle and into him, he now found himself in a position wherein his own personal spout was now nearly attempting to flow it’s own spring out of his body. Dashing down the hallway Adam kept one hand gripped on his spout through his pants while internally begging the spring not to flow into his own jeans but instead to wait just until he was in position over the toilet bowl so that his stream could connect with another body of water. It wouldn’t be too much longer now. He proved to himself just how close relief was by unbuttoning his jeans and lowering his zipper as he rounded the hallway corner to the room of his desire. Overcome with the thought of reaching his goal Adam did not even entertain the thought that there may have been one final obstacle in the way before promptly slamming into a wooden door at full speed with a thud.

Rebounding from the sudden shock Adam involuntarily dropped his hands and for a fleeting moment a stream sprung forth from his boyhood, dampening small patches of his underwear as his spout swung free from his grip. Additionally, with it’s supports no longer in place Adam’s jeans fell to the ground leaving the boy dancing in his underwear trying desperately to turn off his personal tap.

“Hey!” Adam shouted squeezing himself as hard as he could, “Who’s in there? I need to go!”

“One moment!” Adam’s mom, Kathy, replied behind the door in a sing-song manner. After finishing drying her hands Kathy opened the bathroom door and was taken aback at the sight in front of her. Her son, nearly naked from the waist down and very obviously gripping his penis through damp briefs, was dancing from foot to foot – clearly on the verge of soaking her hallway carpet.

“Mom please! I have to pee so bad!” Kathy did not looked amused. She crossed her arms and shot the boy a look.

“What have I told you about waiting to the last second?” Adam was decidedly about to flow into his underwear and sputtered through an apology as quickly as he could.

“Imsorrysorrysorrysorrypleaseletmepee! Iwontdoitagain!” His mother relented and moved from the doorway allowing Adam to rush in and slam the door behind her.

“Some day that’s going to get you in serious trouble!” Kathy shouted after him.

Adam was not a stranger to accidentally riding the fine line between warm underwear and proper relief. As such, after closing the bathroom door he initiated an emergency maneuver he had gotten into the habit of using to help avoid a very wet catastrophic failure: Adam found that in the last critical seconds of a pee emergency it was too much to attempt peeing through his fly and as such his solution was to forgo it entirely. Adam immediately slid his underwear down to the ground to join his jeans, leaving him bare bottomed in the bathroom and inches away from relief.

Adam desperately hopped from the entry side of the bathroom to where he finally would be able to let loose the waters trapped inside him. However with Adam’s relief in sight and his lower half no longer having anything between them and open air the signal from Adam’s brain to drain his bladder came across much too soon and he began to whiz into his own hands. Leaving a trail behind him Adam finally made it to the porcelain bowl in front of him and hurriedly redirected his stream from himself to the water below his bare body.

Loosening the grip on his wet hose Adam aimed his stream downward and breathed a final breath of relaxation as a the warm jet exiting his body picked up in strength. And as Adam’s spout continued to recycle the water back into the system he had originally taken it from the first link in his upcoming chain of events locked into place. Unbeknownst to Adam this would be the last proper potty break he would take in the next twenty four hours. That said, it would not be the last time his spout would spring a leak, just the last time it would be aimed at a toilet. Such is the crux of this story.

*005*2022-02-14 03:56

Chapter 2: Some Day

In many ways the first event in a story such as this, the final proper pee before catastrophe, is the most flexible. Everyone in their own right is only the right chain of events away from embarrassment because nobody can truly know the next time they will visit a toilet. It is an ever diminishing clock constantly being reset by the next reprieve we allow ourselves. And as well, IF we allow ourselves…

After Adam’s overextended bladder finally ran dry he set about cleaning up the aftermath of his emergency. Any spills that had occurred along the way were dried, he cleaned himself off, and a new pair of briefs were located to replace the damp ones left on the bathroom floor. Sufficiently tired and cleaned up Adam turned in for the night and found himself drawn into a deep slumber. So deep in fact that boy may have continued to sleep right through school were he not awoken with a start by a call from his mother:

“Breakfast!”

With a yawn and a stretch Adam slowly climbed out of bed, put on his slippers, and descended downstairs to the kitchen. Laid out before him on the table was his preferred breakfast of choice: toast and a tall glass of orange juice. The food was something light to help start the day off right and it was easy enough that his mom didn’t mind making it for him every morning. He sleepily took a seat and munched away at the toast while the morning news discussed something about a drought on TV. His mom continued on with her morning routine of cooking, eating, and chatting with him:

“Got all your homework done?”

“Yes Mom.” Adam mumbled.

“Any tests today? Did you study?”

“I don’t think so Mom.” Kathy wasn’t exactly thrilled with that answer.

“Well there had better NOT be if you haven’t studied young man. And is your bed made?”

“Uhh…”

His mom shot him a look, “We’ve had this conversation before Adam, several times.”

“That’ll be the first thing I do when I go upstairs Mom, promise.”

“Well please make sure Adam.”

Nodding, Adam felt an eagerness to be done with this conversation and so set aim on finishing up the breakfast in front of him. After finishing off the piece of toast the boy summarily downed his entire glass of juice in short order to combat the dryness. With his breakfast finished Adam thanked his mother, stood up from the table, and deposited his plate into the sink before trekking back upstairs.

Back in his bedroom a quick look at his clock offered that Adam had approximately twenty minutes to get ready and be out the door with his mom. He reasoned that was plenty of time and laid down in a heap on top of his bed to kill a few minutes, not quite sleeping but definitely not wanting to be awake at this very moment. Seconds later fifteen minutes had passed and Adam sprang up from the bed after glancing back at the clock to realize he’d been lying down for just a little too long. With lightning speed he opened his closet, dug out a tee shirt and a pair of cargo shorts, and put them on. Finally Adam rushed into the bathroom and frantically began brushing his teeth while also attempting to comb his brown hair in the mirror. At the same time, the running water of the sink reminded him of another important part of his morning ritual...

...until his thoughts were immediately refocused on a shout from his mom, “Adam!”

Immediately the boy spit out his toothpaste and rushed into the hallway to see Kathy standing outside his bedroom.

She stared at him, “First thing, huh?”

“What?”

“Adam – the bed still hasn’t been made!” Realizing his mistake Adam dashed into his room and set to work at haphazardly making his bed look somewhat neater. The results were not spectacular, and given more free time his mom probably would have said so, but after a quick once over she relented.

“Right, now come on, we have to go or you’ll be late!” Kathy urged. After a couple of steps however the urgency seemed to dissipate and she stopped suddenly at the head of the stairs to look back at her son. “You have used the bathroom haven’t you?” she asked expectantly.

Adam felt a prick at his pride and responded stubbornly, “Mom! You don’t have to ask – I can take care of myself!”

“That isn’t how things looked at all last night!” Kathy laughed as her son’s cheeks turned red.

“Mom! I’m serious! I already went, now can we leave already?”

Kathy crossed her arms, “No, I’m serious – I don’t believe you, hurry now and at least try. I’ll wait right here.”

Seeing this was going to go nowhere Adam let out an exasperated sigh and stomped into the bathroom to appease his mom’s request. It frustrated Adam to no end that his mother always hovered over him and thought he needed such babyish reminders on a daily basis – he resented being told what to do, it was his body and he would pee when he darn well pleased! On that note, it had been several hours since his previous potty break last night and Adam was definitely starting to feel an urge down below. Truthfully, the boy did usually pee each morning before leaving for school but with his mother currently waiting right outside for him Adam decided that even had he been bursting currently he would rather wait then give his mom the satisfaction of being right.

He stared at the toilet in front of him and even though his spout gave just the slightest twinge of excitement from the prospect of relief Adam made no move to unzip his pants and simply waited as seconds ticked by. Adam was sure that if he peed now his mom would definitely hear him, and if not him then the toilet flush for sure – there was just no way of going without his mom knowing and so he simply held it out of spit. The boy worked it out in his head that this would not be a problem however, he did not need to pee THAT BAD and would simply go when he got to school which was only a couple minutes away. A little bit of discomfort until then was more than worth the price of winning this fight with his mom and so with that Adam glanced one last time at the awaiting toilet in front of him and voluntarily turned around and walked out of the bathroom.

“I tried, couldn’t go though because I already went like I told you Mom.”

“Alright Adam, lets just go then.”

And so Adam, bladder unrelieved, climbed into his mom’s car as another link in his chain of events locked into place.

*009*2022-02-14 16:51

Chapter 3: A Boy and His Bladder

Being early to school, as Adam always was thanks to his mom, had its perks. Most days Adam would be able to spend some time with his friends before class and potentially catch up on some homework as well if needed; today however Adam had a quick detour to make after waving his mom goodbye. While he definitely still didn’t need to relieve himself that bad he did start to notice what felt like his morning orange juice slowly drip drip dripping into his bladder on the car ride to school. And with no one else to need to prove something to he entered the school and set to walking toward the nearest boy’s room to let it loose.

Walking down a hallway filled with lockers and teachers tiredly shuffling around to get their classrooms in order before homeroom Adam rounded a corner and spotted his goal just farther down, a door with a blue stick figure on it, just past the student cafeteria. He picked up his pace, just slightly not enough to look out of place to the other students, and continued on his path to a potty break. He could visualize in his mind’s eye just now, pushing open the door to the boy’s room, picking one of the open urinals on the wall, unzipping his fly, aiming his spout, and...

“Hey Adam!”

Adam stopped just as he past the cafeteria and looked around trying to parse out who had just called out for him. The voice itself had been somehow entirely familiar but it for sure wasn’t one of his friends, AND it had been a girl’s voice? As he pondered this the answer immediately became evident as SHE stepped out of the cafeteria and walked towards him. SHE was Keri, a slim Latino with black hair and blue eyes which Adam thought about often during the classes they shared. Today she was wearing a pink top with bared midriff complimented by tight blue jeans and a smile that silenced anything else going on in Adam’s mind. Keri had called after the boy, but why? They didn’t speak often and Adam certainly didn’t have the confidence to approach her, what could it be…

“Uh Adam?” Adam snapped back to the current reality where he had been staring blankly at Keri for just a couple of seconds too long. He tried his best to sound cool.

“Oh, uh, hi Keri, what’s going on?”

“Well, I’m just standing here, talking to you.” She said effortlessly out cooling Adam. He nodded.

“So you are, um, is there anything I can help you with?”

“I’m so glad you asked because actually I definitely do need a moment of your time to talk about something vitally important to not just our school, but our environment! The Eco-Club is doing a quick presentation in the cafeteria right now and as our president it’s my job to get the word out! Can you come sign a petition really quick?”

And with that any thought in Adam’s mind, including those based around having a yellow stream meet porcelain anytime soon, completely evaporated. He may as well have just peed a minute ago – anything could wait and forever as long as it needed to for the chance to talk to Keri.

“Well sure! Sign me up!” Adam said excitedly. Keri wholeheartedly returned his excitement.

“Oh I just knew you’d say yes! Let’s go!”

Keri grabbed Adam, by the hand, and quickly led him into the cafeteria. The cafeteria itself was abuzz with energy from several student activists who had all convened at school early to discuss The Eco-Club’s latest agenda: climate change and the effects it was having on their local community, namely the recent drought the area had been suffering. The club had even decorated the cafeteria with protest signs calling for an end to water waste and holding big corporations accountable for the negative impact they had on the weather.

Some students were simply talking, others were actively arguing, and to be honest most were just sitting at lunch tables waiting for homeroom to start but the vocal minority really brought the volume up in the cafeteria. To Adam, this was a lot to take in all at once.

“So this,” Keri said gesturing around her, “is what I was telling you about! We all need to be having discussions about the causes of the drought – and that means me, and that means you!”

Adam nodded. He couldn’t agree more, he and Keri definitely needed to have more conversations together.

“So sit, and lets talk!” She pointed to a table next to them, and then turned around to one of the nearby club members and called out, “Alyssa, two coffees please!”

Adam sat with Keri and semi-listened to her passionate speech at length without really paying too much attention to what he was actually hearing. He would interject at times with a few, uh-huhs, and a couple of, wows, but mostly he found himself transfixed in Keri’s eyes while her siren song of compassion for the environment attracted him even further. So transfixed was his attention in fact that he didn’t even pause to think when Keri handed him a coffee to help keep him invested in the conversation. After all, this was a gift from Keri herself and there was nothing he could have done with it other than to sip it while continuing to listen to the sweetest sound in the universe.

As the minutes ticked by another member of the club came by and briefly interrupted Adam and Keri’s chat to inquire whether Adam would sign a petition for – something – the exact details may have flown a bit over his head but Adam was confident that the position still sounded generally positive and with Keri shooting him a winning smile he definitely was not in a position to say no. Adam happily added his name to the signature list and was promptly awarded by the club member with a cookie as a thank you for doing his part to help fight the good fight. The boy practically inhaled the cookie as Keri continued to commend his signature and talked about other ways to get involved.

While the cookie itself had proven to be extremely tasty it also unfortunately had been very fudgey and no matter how may sips of coffee Adam took he could not seem to completely get the cookie off the top of his mouth. Before long all of the liquid in Adam’s cup of coffee had migrated down his mouth and into his system thankfully taking most of the cookie residue with it. By this time Keri had just about finished her activism speech just as the bell signaling the start of homeroom rang.

“Well look at how the time flies when you’re discussing important issues!” Keri exclaimed. The two students stood up form the table. Adam attempted to lie as convincingly as possible

“What can I say? I’m really passionate about the environment.”

“I am SO happy to hear you say that Adam! And here, as a final thank you for all your help please take a water bottle to help keep hydrated during the drought!”

The boy took the water bottle “Uh – thanks Keri, I really appreciate it!”

“Wanna walk with me to homeroom?” Keri asked and Adam vaguely thought he might have noticed something in her tone, but couldn’t be certain.

“Oh sure, let’s get going!”

And with that the two students walked out of the cafeteria side by side and started down the hallway to their shared homeroom. This was, coincidentally, the same exact hallway Adam had been heading down nearly twenty minutes ago with a different objective in mind. He and Keri chatted lightly as they walked down the hall and Adam enjoyed the conversation until just by the end of the hall they passed it. The room with the blue stick figure on the door. Adam gazed longingly at the door and would’ve been lying to deny that he didn’t fancy a visit to the potty right about now. To free himself from his underwear and go until he was empty.

But, no! He would pee when he wanted to, not when his spout felt like flowing! Adam internally reassured himself that he was in control of his body, he did not need to slow down, his body should wait patiently for him. And more importantly than all of that he surely would not admit in front of Keri that he actually needed to visit the boy’s room. Oh no, Adam was too cool to need to do something like that! Adam would absolutely hold it until after homeroom and then he would be free to pee. Besides, it was only a little while until then and he assured himself that he did not need to pee THAT BAD.

After a little more walking the two reached the door of their homeroom just as the final bell to mark the beginning of the period started. Adam took one last look back towards where they had just come from and resolved to walk in with Keri. Bladder again unrelieved. Another event locked into place.

*013*2022-02-14 21:33

Just wanted to say this is my first ever fiction I've ever written and I really appreciate all the feedback I didn't think this would be for me but after trying my hand I'm glad I did! The comments definitely keep me going to write more!

*016*2022-02-15 15:17

Chapter 4: Won’t

Stepping into the classroom Keri and Adam finally parted ways given that they sat on opposite ends of the room and so, with a wave and a smile from her, Adam was left to find his seat and await role call. He thought briefly about asking his homeroom teacher for permission to visit the boy’s room but decided against it on two accounts. First of course, Keri would see this and for sure know that he needed to pee. Not cool. Secondly, given the homeroom period only lasted for about ten minutes most teachers did not allow breaks and besides, Adam could hold it for that long.

Sitting at his desk Adam mentally began rerunning the previous thirty minutes of his life in his head with a dreamy happiness. He had gotten to spend all that time talking with his school crush, and he hadn’t even had to approach her! Truly, the boy felt lucky to have his day be on such a positive track already and it had hardly even begun yet. Today, Adam decided, would be his day – today he would start seeing Keri more often, he would join The Eco-Club just to be sure of it.

“Mr. Lyon?” The homeroom teacher called out.

“Not here!” He joked back to the bemusement of no one, except, in the corner of the room… was that? Was Keri smiling, even just slightly?

Oh yeah, today would be different. Adam could feel it.

But that wasn’t the only thing Adam felt, and as if on cue, he was reminded of a feeling down below his belt, existing right behind the proof of his male gender, connected to it in fact: his bladder. The organ stirred as it again began to feel drip drip drip of liquid being added to it despite not having been given the chance to empty what had already accumulated inside of it prior. Indeed, the urge Adam felt was beginning to grow… but it was still manageable. He could still focus on other matters but he was starting to get regular reminders that pressure was building. No matter, he’d be able to relieve it in just a few minutes now.

Curiously Adam also noticed he was having a tough time sitting still, but not because of the pressure inside him. His hands themselves were shaking just very slightly and could not hold still. In fact, Adam’s entire body felt like it was vibrating, just a little. The boy was not a frequent coffee drinker by any means, in fact truthfully that had been the first time he had drunk that much of the stuff, but given the amount of sugar that had likely been put in it had been surprisingly pleasant. Adam surmised this must be the effects of the cup he had when sitting with Keri. To be honest he kind of liked the buzz though and wondered if coffee would have any other effects on him…

The bell rang simultaneously signaling the end of homeroom and the beginning of another chance for Adam to locate a bathroom and give his spout the go ahead to release and flow it’s warm, watery contents against the nearest awaiting urinal. To that end, Adam tried to be cognizant of any potential distractions which would prevent him from that goal and despite wanting to talk more with Keri he instead got out of his desk and immediately started walking to the door instead. With an impressive amount of decisiveness Adam managed to be one of the first students out the door of homeroom and set down the hall toward his first morning class: Film and Media Studies.

This class was Adam’s favorite class of his entire school career, it was taught by the most laid back teacher in school, Mr. G, and consisted primarily of watching films and TV and then discussing them at length – some of Adam’s favorite things. Additionally, as an added perk for Adam today, the classroom itself was right next to a set of bathrooms so he reasoned that he would be able to get in his potty break and get to class with time to spare. It was a plan that fell together so well in front of Adam he was convinced the universe was smiling at him again today. And with his hopes up he plodded his way down hallway after hallway, weaving in and out of students and teachers, until he finally arrived at his destination.

And as Adam put forward his hand to push open the door leading to his porcelain relief a scene very similar to one that had occurred the night before played out almost in repeat. Adam thunked right into the door and bounced right off it. The door seemed unimpressed and didn’t even budge. The boy tried again, pushing with both hands this time but still nothing. Taking a quick moment to reassess and clear his mind he quickly realized what was wrong and let out a frustrated sigh: the door had a piece of paper taped to it which read, “Out of Order”.

The blue stick figure on the door seemed to almost be mocking him. It stood there as the universal symbol for where a boy in need could find relief, a place where Adam would be free to expose his spout to the outside air and let it rain down it’s contents for as long as it wanted, a place for Adam to ensure his shorts would not be caught in that deluge when it finally did happen – and it was all a sham. The thought of the toilets and urinals all lying empty on the other side of this unmoving door toyed with him, but he shook his head, he could not think of that right now. Right now, he needed to reassess.

The closest other restroom would be the ones he originally passed with Keri on the way to homeroom this morning. Those were about a three minute walk from here, and after giving himself a conservative one minute in the bathroom Adam figured that with a three minute walk back there was absolutely no way he would be on time for class. In fact, he would likely be around ten minutes late at that point. Conversely though, given how chill Mr. G was Adam doubted very much that he would actually care and could definitely get away with it. Well, that was the best plan Adam saw in front of him currently and as much as it pained him to be late to Film and Media Studies specifically it seemed like a good move to finally relieve himself of this growing issue. But that didn’t mean he had to be happy about it.

Oh, how unfair! His favorite class and he would miss even part of it, just because of an inconvenient urge! Adam had been bested by orange juice and coffee it seemed, maybe his mom had been right, maybe it was childish to hold it even this long, it was humiliating to even think about. Adam sadly began walking a couple steps back toward where he had just come from and then… he decided to stop.

No. This was his day. And he would spend it the way he wanted. And during his single favorite class of the day that meant not missing a single second, for any reason, even and especially not for something as trivial as a little tinkle that he really didn’t need anyway. His mom was wrong and Adam was an adult who could make his own decisions and hold his pee. He wasn’t desperate by a long shot, did he want to pee? Sure. But did he need to pee? Absolutely not. His spout could contain the waters inside him and he could easily last the forty-five minute period. To be blunt, Adam’s golden stream could wait, the discussion of this year’s Golden Globes could not.

Determined, Adam turned around and walked straight back to the classroom for his first period as his little spout nagged at him slightly. He ignored it and willed it to continue resisting any urges being sent by his bladder. As Adam walked back to the class he saw Mr. G hanging outside the class door as he often did before the start of the period.

“Morning Adam!”

“Morning Mr. G!”

As Adam walked by Mr. G stopped him for a second.

“Hey just checking in, you ok, Adam? I saw you pushing on the bathroom door before class started. Bummer they’re out of order.” Embarrassment flooded the boy’s cheeks and he came up with a lie as quickly as he could:

“Yeah totally fine! I just uh, thought that I uh, left something in there accidentally yesterday and was trying to check!”

“Oh… ok! Sorry to hear about that man, maybe check the lost and found too?”

“Will do Mr. G – thanks for the suggestion!”

And with that Adam sat down in his seat just as the period bell rang to signal the start of first period. He mentally took stock of how he was doing in the tinkle department: so far to pee was still a want, not a need, and he anticipated it would stay that way through this period. Had he been at home gaming he wouldn’t have stopped yet and so that was a good indicator for him that he had things under control. He had held back much more before, so what was another forty-five minutes on the clock? Confidently Adam sat forward, eager to hear everything his teacher had to say. Bladder unrelieved. Another event locked in place.

*019*2022-03-09 02:14

Chapter 5: Can’t

For a while, things were actually okay – the conversation in the classroom was sufficiently interesting to Adam to keep his attention and the movie clips being played occasionally were all cinematic classics that demanded attention. And… it actually seemed like Adam may have even been right in his assessment. With all this stimulus in front of him Adam barely needed to expend any thought on his slowly expanding bladder, indeed he was completely focused on other things and nothing was going to break that focus. Adam felt for sure like he could stay here and watch movies all day.

The teen’s current caffeinated state meant he was also rearing to join in on conversations and debates that Mr. G encouraged amongst his class. At one point Adam talked for nearly five minutes about his opinions regarding the recent box office bomb giving, in his opinion, a very nuanced critique and interesting views on what had possibly go wrong during the film’s productions. Sitting back from his pontification Adam secretly wished that Keri had taken this class too so that she might have a chance to see him in his element, to see what he was passionate about. Out in the school halls he felt as indistinguishable as a single grain of sand on a beach but in Mr. G’s classroom Adam felt as though he were a king among nerds. This was where he could shine to Keri.

Speaking as a king came at its cost however and after his five minute decree the boy found his mouth rather unfortunately dry. But it would seem thinking of Keri also had its benefits (oh so many benefits) and Adam recalled the water bottle she had handed him earlier which had been stuffed away inside his backpack. Unzipping the bag and pulling out the bottle he nonetheless paused and took a moment, mulling over the liquid inside. Adam was not completely without sense and he recognized that although he had been fine so far to sit in class and not be consumed with the urge between his legs, perhaps it was still not the best idea to drink from a bottle he imagined could be easily personally refilled and then some at a moment’s notice.

“And going back to what Adam said, I’m not sure I agree…” the teen snapped back out of his thoughts at the sound of his name. He knew that voice. A glance confirmed his suspicions. Her. Of course it was, who else would trail back to his statement just to try to dunk on him?

Her was Susie, a blond with brown eyes and a penchant for wearing vibrant skirts with designer flat tops. Always confident and always correct Susie carried an air about her that could make a person question their own name given the right circumstances. To Adam she was the embodiment of real, tangible evil wrapped up in a prep package and right now she was giving him a look: bemused eyes mixed with a smile that was definitely meant to be smug but was also safe enough to be seen as just a smile by those who did not look closer. The girl bore her eyes into Adam, daring him to listen on as she purposefully misrepresented his previously critique so she could shred a straw man of her own design in spectacular fashion for the onlooking class crowd.

“… and I’m not sure where he got the correlation between reviews scores and…” Adam was not completely without sense...

“… I also thought his idea was a *very original* take on this story because…” Red. Adam saw red. Not without sense, but also not without pride. He opened his mouth to interrupt and…

Cough. Cough, cough, cough. Susie raised an eyebrow. The tigress saw her opening and capitalized on it.

“Uhh… talk much?” Adam wished for the comfort of daggers being stabbed into his back. He longed for a pain which it was possible to recover from. He raised a finger to signal for her to wait and drank greedily from the bottle, in part to clear the obstruction in his throat, and in part to stall for time to think of a comeback.

And for the next fifteen minutes King and Queen of film class did verbal battle vying for the ever chased, sacred reward of being correct. At first they fought alone, jabbing at one another, feinting, daring one to step into another’s carefully laid trap. However when that didn’t work pawns and knights comprised of classmates who spoke up and took one side in the debate were also used to either advance one of their positions or act as a sacrifice towards a furthered goal. The battle was taxing and consequently Adam found that by the end of it his water bottle became a casualty of war, drained completely.

The dust settled when Mr. G stepped in after the decibel level of the classroom climbed to a level which was liable to get complaints from nearby classes. As with most wars there had been no winners, only survivors, and while they had both made it out in decent shape Adam could SWEAR he saw Susie stick her tongue out at him from the corner of her mouth when no one was looking. Oh, the fighting may have seemed over, but this was now a cold war, not a finished one. But with minutes left in the class that could wait because Adam suddenly had a more important issue come back to the forefront of his mind, one also centered around a vying to be right, how long he could continue to avoid peeing.

All at once Adam felt the weight of his bladder return to his body and he reflexively sent a signal to his little spout to continue to hold. But how could this be? Even with the water bottle he had just drank it should not have made its way down below so quickly! Why did Adam suddenly have to pee more than expected? He had been so sure of himself!

Except… he hadn’t accounted for another of caffeine's effects. And nor had he noticed it until now due to the adrenaline that had been going through him during his tussle with Susie. Coffee novice that the boy was he couldn’t have known that by supercharging his own body he had also simultaneously turned his internal faucet’s flow all the way on. And flow it did. More pee flowed into Adam’s bladder and began pushing on the one exterior exit looking for a place to go. And suddenly, with just a few minutes left in class Adam’s top priority also became looking for a place to go.

Adam decided then and there that had he been at home he would now start considering taking a quick potty break and given Keri was not around, he took that as he cue to finally raise his hand. Seeing his hand go up Mr. G called on the teenager:

“Adam, what’s up?”

“Can I go to the bathroom Mr. G?” His teacher almost immediately said yes, as Adam expected he would, but a slight complication seemed to be introduced as Mr. G looked at his wrist, and then back at the boy sadly.

“Sorry Adam, less than five minutes to go in class – you know students aren’t allowed out of class in the first and last five minutes of class. I don’t like the rule but I’ve been written up too many times already for not enforcing it.” Adam felt as though all eyes in the room were now on him, having basically just admitted his need in front of everyone and then being told not to go caused him a lot of embarrassment he tried to unsuccessfully hide as he acknowledged what Mr. G had said. And worst of all, it now made Adam feel very self-conscious of any moves he made – anything could be misconstrued as being embarrassingly desperate by a malicious actor if he wasn’t careful.

And she was. Susie focused in on her prey, scrutinizing every inch of movement Adam made, just waiting patiently for something to slip. She just needed something, anything to gossip with everyone about. Adam felt her eyes on him and tried his hardest to pretend he didn’t. Susie tried her best to ensure he did.

In a way the boy was spending this period just the way he wanted, sitting in his favorite class of the day ignoring the urge to cross his legs, ignoring the mounting pressure to take his hand and squeeze himself to help hold back. Indeed, just as he had chosen earlier the one thing Adam wasn’t doing was being anywhere close to an available urinal – his spout was precariously locked up behind zipper and fly, dangerously pointed at cloth right now and not porcelain. And so he sat, caught between longingly thinking about locating a working bathroom and trying not to think about locating a working bathroom as drop after drop after drop made its way into his bladder to impatiently wait for its release.

The final minutes ticked by slowly as Adam convinced himself again and again that he wouldn’t do it, he wouldn’t cross his legs, and in fact he would hardly move at all. As he withered under Susie’s constant gaze he tried his best to prevent his body from reflecting the turmoil that lay within but being under such a close eye made things infinitely more difficult for him. The boy was holding via sheer will and with not even a shift in his seat able to go unquestioned he was starting to feel a little fatigued having to be so statuesque. Adam looked at the clock and willed it to move faster, he promised himself that once the bell rang for passing period he would let nothing get between him and relief. Unbeknownst to him Susie had noticed his glance to the clock, and took it as a sign, the cogs in her head began to turn.

Finally, after an uncomfortable few minutes, Adam’s wait was rewarded: the bell rang and all the students began packing up their bags and standing to walk to the next class. Susie in particular seemed in a rush to leave as she was out the door in an instant just as Mr. G was saying his goodbyes to his students but Adam was too happy to just be able to move again to notice. Once the teen had everything packed away he said goodbye to his teacher and immediately made a beeline for the door. His next class wasn’t exactly close to a bathroom, and being on the other side of the school it was a bit of a walk, but Adam figured that if he walked at a brisk pace he’d be just able to fit in a break and get to class in time. And so he rushed out the classroom door…

… and right into Susie. Papers went flying everywhere, books scattered across the ground. Susie mimed surprise.

“Adam! My stuff!” Adam blinked and surveyed the destruction in front of him, all the students around him stopped to glance at the commotion. Susie stamped her foot, “Well you aren’t just going to stand there, are you? Help me pick this mess up!”

The boy wanted to start walking, to leave Susie and this mess behind without so much as a second glance. He had other, more pissing...errr...pressing matters to attend to. And yet how could he with everyone in the hallway looking on expectantly waiting for him to pick up the books that he helped spill. It didn’t matter. He couldn’t do it, he needed to pee. He couldn’t spare the time. Adam started to take a step.

“Adam!” He stopped and spun around, Mr. G loomed over him disappointingly. “I know you wouldn’t dare leave Susie like this after bumping into her! You are going to help her, aren’t you?” Adam turned around, Susie donned a sad pout, and the boy turned back.

That was enough of a push, there was no way Adam could say no to Mr. G, bladder pressure or otherwise.

“Of course not Mr. G, consider these books picked up!”

“That’s what I like to hear, good choice Adam!”

Adam reluctantly turned back, crouched down, and started picking up Susie’s books and papers – trying to move as quickly as possible to help salvage some chance of getting a potty break during passing period. And for a few moments, he was completely focused in on the task at hand, until… Adam heard a noise.

The noise emanated from the door across the hall from him and though the distance muffled it slightly it was still loud enough to distinctly be made out on the other side: the sound of a toilet being flushed. The sound of relief, finally attained announced by water refilling the toilet bowl it had just been jettisoned from. Owing to the fact that Mr. G’s classroom was directly next to the hallway bathrooms you could often hear when a toilet was flushed from the hallway.

Adam tried his best to tune it out as he scrambled to finish picking up the books but the assault on his ears continued as toilet after toilet in the girls room flushed. Each flush heralded another girl emptying her bladder just as Adam had wanted to be doing currently and he swore he could feel each flush add directly to the amount he was lugging around just behind his spout. The teen felt the waist of his shorts tighten. And Susie noticed with a keen eye.

Adam finally finished collecting all of Susie’s stuff and urgently brought it back to her trying to hide his increasing desperation, “Alright Susie, here! Take this! I’ve got to go now or I’ll… I’ll be late for class!” She saw right through it.

“Uh oh Adam, you gotta pee?” Susie teased. The boy’s eyes went wide and he looked around, immediately grateful the other students had cleared out leaving the two alone.

“Gotta sprinkle a little tinkle?” She sang in a singsong voice. “Better find a bathroom soon, before you bust all over your pants… so embarrassing you can’t control yourself!” Adam felt his face turn red as he struggled to keep his underwear white. Susie shot him a look.

“Well, you better get going, loser.” And with that she turned and walked away before Adam could get in a rebuttal. And for once, it didn’t matter. The teen took off down the hall heading for the nearest room made for boys just like him, boys in need of a place to hastily point themselves and release, boys with bladders which were starting to grow tired...

The restroom in question as it turned out was to be past his next classroom and as Adam sped through the hallway his next teacher, Mrs. T, caught sight of him.

“Adam! Where is the fire? Stop running in the hallway, you ought to know better!”

“Mrs. T, I -”

The passing period bell rang. His teacher finished the sentence for him.

“- was just about to be late! Now get inside the classroom this instant!”

“But Mrs T!”

“No buts! Now young man!”

And just like that, although his little spout begged for a release from both his underwear and the liquid it carried another event locked into place. Adam’s scolding from his teacher ensured that for now the boy’s ready and willing liquid exit path would remain locked away dangerously behind his shorts and underwear. Adam meekly stepped into the awaiting classroom. Bladder desperately unrelieved.

