Furry Omorashi Story (Multiple Parts)

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2023-01-28 02:37

Part 1

(I’m too lazy right now to draw a picture of the characters, so I’ll add a drawing before part two. I’ll just explain what they look like. Think Kimono fursuit style. Sammy is a rabbit, and he’s all dark brown. He has light blue eyes and his hair color is blonde. Sammy has a bit of a softie style, so his outfit in the story is like a pink, long t-shirt and white sweatpants. Pixit, the main character of the story, is a white cat. She has short fluffy hair that’s like a split dye, with light blue on one side and blonde on the other. She wears a big, black hoodie and shorts underneath it, along with fishnets and combat boots. Viv is a cat, who’s pink with light pink freckle-like marking. She has long white hair, like DDLC Yuri haircut, and wears a white crop top and a black skirt. The final character is Colli, who’s a manokit. He’s black with yellow eyes, and fluffy blonde hair. He wears a white t-shirt and long blue shorts. That’s the gang, enjoy!)

Pixit was having her morning pee when there was a knock on the door. Viv’s voice came from the other side.

”Pix, we have to go!” She said. “Sammy and Colli are already in the car! We’ll be late for the concert if we don’t leave!”

Pixit sighed irritably but pulled back on her stream. “Fine, fine! I’ll be there in a sec!”

While she still had to pee, Pixit ignored it. She had an iron bladder and could wait a while. Pixit grabbed her suitcase and got in the backseat of the car with Viv.

“You took your sweet time.” Pixits boyfriend, Sammy, said from the front seat.

”I get it, I woke up late and now we’re running late. Let’s get going!” Pixit replied, rolling her eyes with a smile.

”I can turn on some music! How does ChatterMind sound?” Colli asked.

The ride to the venue would be a few hours long, but it would still be fun. For the first part of the morning, the four were having fun and rocking out to some music. Since it was a hot summer day, and Pixit got dehydrated easily, she was drinking lots of liquids. She felt a more noticeable twinge in her abdomen.

”Do you think we can stop soon?” Colli asked, as if voicing her thought. “I’m getting hungry for lunch.”

”yeah, we can stop at a drive thru.” Sammy said. “Nobody has to pee, right?”

”We all went this morning, so I think we’re all fine,” Viv replied. “Right Pix?”

Pixit nodded. “I’m good.” For now…

The group stopped at their favorite restaurant and picked up some food. Pixit felt a stronger twinge again.

”Just curious, how many hours are left in the drive?” She asked.

”About two.” Sammy replied. “But we have to go straight to the concert since we’re running late. We won’t get into our hotel until around 1:30 AM.”

Pixit’s jaw tensed, but she nodded. She could just use the toilet at the venue anyway. Besides, she didn’t have to go that badly, and her bladder was basically iron. But as the drive continued, all the liquids she drank seemed to catch up to her. With around one hour and thirty minutes left in the drive, she started shifting around a bit in the backseat.

”You alright?” Viv asked.

”Just antsy.” Pixit replied, trying to stop her fidgeting.

Pixit crossed her legs to use her thigh muscles to help hold her pee a bit easier and distracted herself with her phone. This helped a bit, and soon Pixit forgot all about her need and was happily chatting again. The group parked a while later, and Pixit was reminded of her need when a sudden heaviness was in her bladder from standing up. Pixit’s jaw tensed, but she kept quiet and walked through the lot with her friends. When they reached the venue, Pixit was walking towards the bathrooms when Sammy stopped her.

”Babe, we have to go get to our seats now or we’ll miss it.” Sammy said, grabbing her arm. “I have some waters for us too.”

Pixit quickly glanced back at the bathrooms before forcing some smiling and nodding. “Yeah, okay! Let’s go!”

The group got to their seats, and Sammy handed Pixit a water. Sitting down relieved some pressure off her quickly filling bladder, but it didn’t help a lot. Pixit started getting distracted from her need again when the concert started. Unfortunately, she also wasn’t paying attention to how much water she was drinking. Halfway through the concert, Pixit felt a sudden wave of desperation. She didn’t know her bladder was that full! Pixit grabbed her crotch, and luckily her friends didn’t notice due to the dimmed lights. Pixit felt a little leak wet part of her panties…

