Fluttershy at the party (My Little Pony)

Author: Sweetlilkitten

*000*2022-07-01 08:45

Hello! Sorry if this story is a bit hard to understand. But if you like My Little Pony, you can see the scenes better!

Rarity hums a senseless song while cutting through some tissue.

"Spike, its useless, I just can't fit in." Fluttershy says.

"Just. A. Bit. More-" the small dragon desperately tries to put the dress onto the pink-maned yellow pony while jumping and pulling the outfit on Fluttershy that can't do anything more than waiting that he loses will to try.

After a time he can make it and the dress slides on her perfectly.

"Thats it!" He raises his arms up, all happy. "You are ready for the party!"

But after a moment the dress scratches apart and some sewing thread appears all around it, showing it have broke.

"Huh.." His arms turns back down sadly.

He walks towards the busy fashion pony.

"Um. Rarity..." He mumbles.

"What." She replies firmly.

"I think Fluttershy's dress needs another fix.." He mumbles shyly.

"Another?" She is surprised, but when she turns her head around to glance at the damages she smirks. "Oh dear, your dress is surely needing a touche finale again."

Fluttershy lays, a bit exhausted. Spike comes to her and tries now to put the dress off her. They both struggle with it for a while until Spike eventually can get it off her but at the price of getting launched backwards, landing in a pile of crates and boxes. The dust and powder are throw in air for a sec before the place gets clearer.

"Ouch." Spike says, annoyed, his voice muffled in the shambles.

"Spikey-boo! My sweet tailed one, are you okay?!?" She rushes to the boxes to save Spike from being stuck, lost in middle the crates pile.

Opalescence rolls her eyes.

"Oh my, by Celestia, Spike are you hurt?" Fluttershy flies to help Rarity getting him out of the pile of box that collapsed on him.

Angel rolls his eyes and cross his arms like a pouty manner. The two animals end up looking at eachother and both does a little 'hmpf' as they both look away.

Spike gets a hand out of the stack of rubble.

"I'm fine." He says.

Rarity will now work on Fluttershy's dress again, while Spike and Fluttershy speak about the party they are preparing for.

"I really hope this is going to be great. It will be first time I will spend that many time on a scene and being center of attention..." She trembles of shyness.

"Don't worry Fluttershy, I'm sure you will be fine." He replies.

Soon, 2 oval yellow eyes will emerge from the ground. After a time, ears, and finally the full head comes out of the planks.

"My dear, you are not even ready yet?" He concerns.

"Oh hi." Fluttershy spots the familiar face laying on the ground in middle of the room. "Yeah I'm just not fitting anything today." She lean her head down and look at her hooves.

Discord slides itself, or its head, all along the planks until reaching Fluttershy's hooves.

"Don't say that honey, I'm sure you can fit anything with enough trying." He says.

"The dress broke when we tried to put her in." Spike retort.

The draconequus dive in the ground to appear in full size in a mirror.

"Are you saying she is oversized?" He frown.

"What? No!" Spike refute, crossing his arms and turning his head away.

The chaotic figure walks out of the mirror to enter the room. At that moment, Rarity turns around from her desk with the dress levitating with her power, leaning it in direction of the shy pony.

"Now. Lets try again. But this time we can't afford to fail." She says as she looks at Discord to see if he is going to help.

"What? You could have told me earlier." He says.

He snaps his eagle hand and in a instant, Fluttershy is in her dress. She is surprised, and move a bit around to see if it will break again, but it doesn't. After a time, she grin, happy it is not breaking anymore.

"Thanks darling." Fluttershy smiles to him.

"Anything else I can do for you my dearest?" He open and close his eyes with a slow and precious style.

"Um. I'd like a little bit of water, if anything-" She mumbles shyly.

"Of course!" He replies.

Suddenly a huge jar of water spawns, almost the size of a pool for Discord.

"That's a bit big-" She mumbles.

"Oh, sorry." He replies.

With his hands each side of the water tank he rescale the container to a mug size.

"Thanks." She smiles at him.

She grab the cup of water and drinks it all, eagerly solving her thirst.

Discord and Fluttershy stare in their eyes deeply, in a romantic way. Spike glances at them and have idea to try to do same with his own crush.

"Great. Its about time." Rarity looks at her clock.

"Alright, follow me, mates." Discord says.

He walks to a wall and with his hand he can draw then open a fictional door that leaves to a backstage of a theater, surely the one where their event is occurring.

Being left out as Rarity ignores or just didn't spot his tries to imitate Fluttershy and Discord stares, he cross his arms over his head, kind of like if he was drowning.

"Oh no! I think I'm immobilized by stress!" He overplay his emotions, the look of his eyes intensely begging Rarity for care in a cute puppy eyes manner.

"Don't worry Spikey-wikey, I'm sure we will do fine!" She leans down to kiss his forehead.

A bit like Asterix and the magic potion he is floating and his heart is super-powered for a second, satisfied with that move. Rarity smirks as she knew he was overstating, but she still likes giving him attention.

After walking though Discord's magic portal to the theater, the sound of people sitting in the crowd and waiting for the show to start is increasing more and more.

"Thats it. Finally we will do the final." The draconequus is happy. "Is everyone ready? Sir McBiggun?"

"Eeyup." The big red knight replies.

"Garbunkle the wizard?"

"Hail-hail" The dragon in the costume replies.

"Princess Schmarity?"

"Evidently" Rarity levitates a crown on her head and smirks, satisfied.

"Flutter Armor?"

"Here.." Fluttershy replies in her wonderful dress.

"Jester Pie?"

"Present!" The pink pony have a big grin.

"Rainhood Dash?"

"Present." The masked hooded blue pony gently waves at others.

"Angel the trialosaurus and Opal the Lingota?" He sees the two tiny animals being proud in tiny costumes.

"And finally. Captain Wuzz." In a magic flash he is changed into an archer costume.

Spike walks in front of everyone and close to the curtain.

"Comrades. Let's roll!" He says happily.

They all walk as the curtain reveal all of them in a great applause, and they find a seat where each of them have their character icon on top of their place, with on the long table on the scene in front of the crowd, each of them have their character sheet and dices set and in proper order to play.

Spike climbs on a spot that have been placed for him.

"Welcome, Mares and ponies, foals and fillies, to this episode of Dongeons and Discords! We are looking forward to watch the next events, does the heroes will be able to save the princess Schmarity from the evil Squizard? Thats what we will look for, in this game of Ogres & Oubliettes!"

He sit in his seat. In a magic flash, the scene is now an ingame view, while the crowd hugs themselves of fear and suspence.

The game goes on, switching from ingame world for roleplay and out of game view for battles with tiny clones of themselves on a battlemap, and as time passes, Fluttershy seems less and less concentrated.

"Alright. Roll for initiative." Discord says.

In a magic flash the scene is back with the players aligned and the dices are ready. They all roll and say their number, but Fluttershy finds herself busy with something else.

"Fluttershy are you okay?" Spike asks, drawing the attention of all the ponies on the event to her.

"I- I- I'm fine.." She mumbles, under her blushing out of shyness.

Angel swings his arms to draw her attention.

"Um." She watches the bunny gesture some things with his arms and ears. "Angel wants to see if he can break a nearby tree log and throw it on the skeletons."

"Oh. That seems an easy task for a huge eagle. I'd say to roll an simple attack with the usual bonus." Spike says.

The bunny grab a dice and release it.

"14" Fluttershy announce.

"Angel succeed to throw at some of the skeletons, but a lot more lasts."

"Can I fire with my party rifle at the skeletons?" Pinkie Pie asks. "16!"

"Jester Pie aims her party rifle and the explosion of dozen of confettis disorient a few of the skeletons" He replies. "Meanwhile, Rainhood and Garbunkle can introduce the castle of the baddie, to look for the wonderful princess they wanna save.." He have hearts in his eyes.

"Urgh, this dongeon is not even in marble.." Rarity roleplay a hoof over her head, in lamentation. "I thought it would be the least to be made for a princess like me!"

"I try to undo the lock with my fetish unlocking wire!" Rainbow Dash declares. "16!"

"When the lock fails and the door opens, Garbunkle rushes to the princess to see if she is okay." Spike says.

"Oh my precious dragon wizard, you came here to help me!" She thanks him.

"Couldn't Schmarity deliver herself? She have powers right?" Rainbow asks out of character.

"These awful handcuffs are retaining me to use my magic to absorb all of it!" Rarity declares in her character, then she smirks to Dash.

"I try to destroy the cuffs" Spike tries to roll an magic usage, but gets sad. "7."

"Don't worry my lovely wizard, I greet you that you tried at least." She kisses him.

Spike blushes while the crowd awws, but suddenly get serious again.

"Oh no, the guards are coming!" Rainhood point at the shadows over the wall, showing movement futher away.

Some armored skeletons guards advance in the corridor of the dongeon and threats to do high damage to the rogue and the wizard.

But at that moment, the mini Sir McBiggun mounting a bigger version of Opalescence smash through the wall and the rubbles collapse on the guards, that destroys them.

"Sir McBiggun!" Spike smiles.

"Opal!" The princess is happy.

The great cat smack its powerful jaw into the handcuffs, which destroys them. The alicorn princess Schmarity unfold its wings in a majestic manner, and jump into Opal's back, soon joined by Garbunkle, while Sir McBiggun and Rainhood Dash attack the skeleton guards.

"Guys, you can go behind me, mommy Schmarity is back!!" She epicly states.

McBiggun and Rainhood move out of the way, letting the princess shoot a powerful blue laser that explodes the skeletons strewing them in their very bones. The public is proud.

"Yeehaa!" Applejack applaud, proud to watch the epic actions.

"I can do that too.." Twilight mumbles to herself. "For real, in fact." She smirks.

Outdoor, the licorn Flutter Armor mounting Angel the giant eagle-T-rex draw an arrow in her bow, trying to damage the Squizard, coming to threat Jester Pie and Captain Wuzz.

"I fail.." She says. "5."

"Well.. The arrow loses itself in the trees." Says Spike. "I try to make an ice spike to throw it on one the Squizard's tentacle."

When thinking about it, Fluttershy is wiggling a bit. She is surprised her belly is already filled to dangerous levels for dryness matters, or maybe the perfect fitting dress reduce the possibility for her bladder to expand, but she feels like soon enough, she will be the one that loses herself. Of course she is way too shy to ask for a pause, even more in this level of action happening right now in the game.

"7." He says.

"Okay. Let me roll for the bad guy." Discord says. "19."

Squizard charges its magic wand and fires on the great eagle, that crashes on ground with the damage. Captain Wuzz rushes to them, concerned.

"My love! Are you okay?" He whines after he throw himself on grown on his knees, looking for the fayrie licorn, in cries.

"I aim my party canon at the Squizard!" Shouts Pinkie, seeking to revenge them. "Natural 20!!!" She screams, which makes Rainbow Dash and Rarity, sat nearby, vibrates on the strength of her voice.

"Yes. Show them Jester Pie. They will regret it." Maud Pie speaks calmly, but yet happy about the epicness.

"I use my magic and my precious princess' gemstones to throw them to the horrible fishy squid!!" Rarity announce. "18!"

"I attack." Big Mcintosh says. "15."

Fluttershy loses herself in her mind again, until Discord elongates its neck to face her.

"Are you okay my dear?" He asks.

Angel jumps on her nose and tries tickle her muzzle. She inhale and sneeze, but suddenly gets more trembling and all blushy.

"Fluttershy? Is there something wrong darling?" Asks Rarity, concerned about her.

She mumbles something unhearable. Then she regain her minds.

"I- I- I could really use an interlude right now.." She admit discreetly, her hooves on her crotch, hoping that Discord will not make it a big or loud public thing.

"Who else would like a pause?" Spike asks.

"Me!!" Rainbow Dash gets up and sprint-fly to the restrooms, and the busy tag swings a bit until it get still again.

"In fact, Princess Schmarity quite needs a pause to the lady's room too." Rarity admits.

"Well, let's start an interlude then." Spike accepts.

All ponies in the crowd get up and start talking, while Fluttershy is stuck on the ground, not able to fly as her wings under her dress. At least they can help pressing against her crotch, she thinks.

Her usual shyness makes her barely advancing through the crowd, and when she comes to the restrooms, the horrible sight of a endless waiting line makes her trembles even more. She even loses herself for a second, in surprise and desperation of the situation that is going to occur.

"Oh no!" She mumbles, afraid, and sure to not make it.

She will lose bit by bit of her need, releasing it in her dress, that becomes more and more wet, and at everyone's view, she is unable to hold herself like a grown up mare.

After a time she flies the party, reaching some bushes she collapse on ground, crying and peeing like never. The liquids mix in a salty pound that reflects herself. When for a second she tries to stop crying, she is still peeing in a full stream, making her flustered and then continue to hide herself in her hooves, overloaded with shame.

As the pause comes to a end, Discord glances around, seeing that his love have suddenly disappeared for no apparent reason.

"Start without me, I'll find Fluttershy." He declares.

Twilight sees this and get concerned by her friend, that is possibly in a bad situation for not showing herself anymore.

Discord appears in the small lake Fluttershy have formed. She is shamefull and blushing, then she splash her front hooves on the draconequus' face because she feel she don't wanna see anyone right now.

"Ouch!" He says, even if he didn't got hurt, but the feeling she done that hurt himself yet. "Why would you do that? What's wrong?"

"I'm a filly!" She sobs.

"What? Why?" He asks, clueless. "And why are you all wet?"

"I fucking pissed myself like a foal!" She explodes in tears.

"Oh. I see." Discord understands.

"What's happening here?" Twilight approaches.

Discord tries to send her signs to not insist on her accident with doing funny faces while he have Fluttershy in his arms.

Twilight comes closer and gesture at Discord to give her her friend. He accepts a bit reluctantly but let her do.

"Fluttershy, its okay." Twilight tries to dry her tears. "You know, everyone have accidents." She states.

"Really?" She replies, ceasing to cry.

"Yes. Look, I'm a baby myself." Discord says, in a magic flash he is in a big diaper and have a pacifier in his mouth.

"It doesn't matter honey." She continues. "You should have told us you have a weak bladder so we could place priority on restrooms for the participants of the event!"

"See, you say it yourself, I have a weak bladder!" She grumble to Twilight.

Discord thinks about his actions, and becomes a bit embarrassed.

"Um. Afterwards, when thinking about it, it may be a bit of my fault..." Discord admits. "When rescaling the cup of water, I may not have reduced the amount of water but just compressed it magically. Hehe. Sorry."

"Its okay Discord. You couldn't know." She accepts his apology. "I should have asked Rarity to make an embed diaper in the dress... By the way its why I have to go again, maybe. Can I go?" She asks looking at Twilight.

The Princess of Friendship blushes awfully, and is stuck in the moment. Discord snaps and Fluttershy have now the dress off. He duplicates himself to have one of him place a bucket under the dress while he shake the dress with one movement and magically dry it instantly. The second Discord that have scientific or geeky features collect the precious golden water.

"I'll keep that for later maybe." He mumbles quietly to himself.

In a snap, the second him and the bucket disappear, while he lay the dress on ground, now completely dry. He glance away and what his surprise to see Fluttershy peeing again, but this time while Twilight watches and even bite her lower lip staring at that scene. His eyebrows raises as he admits that is a interesting sight.

While Fluttershy finishes going, Twilight is almost dying of embarrassement, as Discord seems to become a bit jealous that his pony offers that scene to her.

"I'm sorry your majesty, but she's mine." He states.

He elongates his arms to push away the purple pony that is yet curious of what happened.

"You won't come back in I guess." Twilight supposes.

"I think she will needs a bit of rest, yes." Discord replies, while Fluttershy collapses on the ground, in her puddle that is now truly a lake.

Twilight goes back on the scene and tries to have everyone's attention.

"Fluttershy told me she is exhausted and will get home to rest, Discord helping her to get better."

"Well. Looks like we will play regular Ogres et Oubliettes now. Who wanna replace Flutter Armor?"

Twilight teleports near the seat of Fluttershy, and blushes a bit when she sit and feels its a bit wet.

