Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction) - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*025*2023-08-13 15:34

For the first time in a long while, Bulma was paying attention to her son’s bathroom habits. She hadn’t felt the need to do that since he was a toddler. But, now she was worried again, and what she saw didn’t help to lessen those worries.

Each school day, Trunks would come home and run straight to the toilet. Every single time. He never went to get a snack first, he never said hello to anyone, he never went to train with his father or ask if he could visit Goten— Using the restroom was always the first thing he did, and he was always in a rush too.

He wasn’t using the bathroom at school. Ever. Day after day, it was the same thing.

If she took Trunks out somewhere, he didn’t ask for bathroom breaks. In the past, Bulma had assumed that was just because Trunks had inherited his father’s bladder. Now, she feared that it was because he’d… Inherited his father’s bladder.

She reminded herself that Trunks had never had any traumatic accidents like Vegeta had… At least, none that she knew of. There WERE the months he’d spent with Piccolo in the Time Chamber, perhaps something had happened then that was sticking with him?

She hoped not. She hoped Trunks didn’t have any reason to feel the shame Vegeta did. She hoped that this habit he was developing was simply a bit of subconscious mimicry, just him taking on the behaviors he saw exhibited by his father. If that was the case, he should be able to get trained out of it pretty quickly.

If it became enough of a problem, though, then Trunks would need to talk about it. And, when Bulma thought about that, she realized THAT may not be very easy. The issue was simply that she knew Vegeta would be the best person FOR him to talk to, and Vegeta would rather kiss Frieza’s feet than discuss this whole thing with anyone.

Bulma just had to be optimistic, and assume that Trunks’s habits would resolve on their own. Or, at least, not develop into anything major.

***

“You’re super lucky that you don’t have to go to a real school, Goten,” Trunks said as he sat beside his friend in the forest.

“How come?” Goten asked. “It’s lonely when it’s just me and Mom.”

“Well, first of all” Trunks counted off. “I’m always done with my work before everyone else, and then I just have nothing to do, it’s so boring! Then, the food’s kinda gross, and they never give me enough of it, so I’m still hungry after lunch. And my teacher never lets me go to the bathroom, even when I tell her it’s an emergency!”

Goten frowned, then gave his friend a shrug. “Just go pee outside, then! That’s what I do if someone else is in the bathroom.”

Trunks rolled his eyes, “I’m not allowed to do THAT either, Goten.”

“Why not…?”

“Because people’ll see me, and then I’ll get in trouble,” Trunks said. He did WISH that it was acceptable for him to go outdoors, because it was always really difficult to make it all the way home every day. But he knew he’d be caught before he was finished. Someone would notify his parents. Mom would be really angry, and Dad would…

Dad would be ashamed of him… That was even worse than anger!

“I don’t think I even COULD hold it all day,” Goten said.

“It’s hard,” Trunks admitted. “But, I can wait a long time. Like my Da— Uh, I mean—“

“Oh, right, you said your Dad’s never peed before,” Goten recalled. “I think he should, ‘cause maybe then he’ll stop being so mad and shouty all the time.”

“He… Does sometimes,” Trunks said. “I guess, anyway. He would have exploded by now otherwise.”

“He DID explode one time,” Goten said.

Trunks narrowed his eyes before sharply turning away.

“What?” Goten whined. “What’d I do?! Truuunks, stop ignoring me!”

“That’s NOT why he—“ Trunks broke off, seeing his Dad approaching them. “H—Hi, Dad…” he said, voice tinged with anxiety. Dad was going to lose it if he found out what the topic of their discussion had been. He was so glad he’d realized they weren’t alone before it was too la—

“Mr. Vegeta,” Goten blurted. “When you exploded to try and kill Buu? How’d you make yourself do that?”

Vegeta started to ask “What?” but Goten kept talking.

“Did you have to go pee for a long time first? ‘Cause, sometimes when I have to pee, it FEELS like I’m gonna—“

Trunks clasped his hands over Goten’s mouth, “Shut UP, Goten!” he grunted, trying to force his wriggling friend to go still.

Vegeta didn’t respond. He couldn’t. There was so much blood rushing through his ears that he couldn’t hear himself think. His face scorched red as he stared at them. Finally, he managed, “Trunks, come with me.”

Trunks begrudgingly followed after his father. He knew he was really in for it now. And, how was that even fair?! GOTEN had been the one asking dumb, embarrassing questions, not him!

Once they were a decent distance away from Goten, Vegeta hissed; “What did you tell him?! What does he know?! What have you said?! I ordered you not to breathe a single word to—“

“I didn’t tell him!” Trunks blurted out. “Goten just— He thought you don’t ever pee, and I said that you actually DO sometimes—“

“He doesn’t need to know that!”

“I—I’m sorry!” Trunks stammered. “I didn’t say anything else, I promise!”

“You’d better not have…” Vegeta warned. “You little—“ He bit down, silencing himself.

Vegeta was trying to calm down, he REALLY was. He didn’t LIKE being angry at his son. On some level, the emotion kind of frightened him whenever it was directed at Trunks. He sometimes had to hold his hands together behind his back to keep from acting on instinct; ’Anger’ always equalled ‘punch’, but if he ever actually lost it enough to strike Trunks out of rage, he’d never be able to forgive himself. So far he’d always managed to keep his fists AWAY from his son in these moments, but his voice was a different story. He knew he’d said awful things to Trunks in the past, things he wished he could take back.

Trunks was flinching, and Vegeta winced too. He hadn’t ever hurt Trunks intentionally, only accidentally when they were training. But, Trunks was scared of his anger anyway. Trunks had seen what an angry Vegeta COULD do, and that was enough. “It’s— It’s fine, Trunks. If that’s ALL you said, then it’s okay. I’m not mad, I’m…” He cringed again, voice softening with reluctance. “I’m… Just… Embarrassed…”

Trunks relaxed slightly. “What are you doing here anyway?”

“I intended to fight your friend’s annoying father. But, Kakarot and his woman went out and, for some reason, they think I should monitor the both of you until they return.”

“Goten and I don’t need a baby-sitter!” Trunks whined.

“That is precisely what I said,” Vegeta agreed. “However, Kakarot’s woman informed me that you once attempted to cook something and nearly blew up their home.”

“That was mostly Goten’s fault!” Trunks protested. “It was HIS idea to add the baking soda!”

“Well, whoever’s fault it was, now it’s MY problem,” Vegeta said. He was having a FEW problems now, actually. First, he didn’t know what he was actually supposed to DO with the kids. He’d been instructed to keep them out of trouble, but that was far easier said than done. Second, since he HADN’T been able to fight Kakarot, he hadn’t gotten to burn off any energy, and he felt uncomfortable, jittery twitches as a result.

Third, he’d come here AFTER performing some irritating errands for Bulma which had given his bladder plenty of time to fill. He’d intended to have Kakarot keep watch for him while he went, but THAT plan hadn’t come to fruition either. He was glad Trunks hadn’t noticed yet. Especially since his friend had apparently been babbling about Vegeta pissing for some reason. What had COMPELLED that little brat to speak of such things?!

“Well, if you’re here, can you fight us?” Trunks asked.

“Fine.” That WOULD handle at least a couple of Vegeta’s problems. He’d keep the kids occupied, and rid himself of the frantic energy coursing through his veins. His bladder felt heavy, tingling sharply, encouraging him to just sit down somewhere until he was able to urinate.

He’d fought while much more desperate than this before, though. And, he didn’t think Goten and Trunks could give him THAT big of a problem. So long as they didn’t—

“Yay!” Trunks beamed. “We’re gonna do it as Gotenks, okay? We’ve been practicing, we can match each other’s chi right away now. Wait’ll see how fast we—“

Vegeta tried to keep the dismay from showing on his face. He could handle them separately, but when they fused it actually WAS a challenge.

“I bet we can do it faster than you and Goten’s Dad can,” Trunks said. “Have you guys been practicing at all?”

“Of course not,” Vegeta said. “We don’t NEED to fuse, the last time we did it was when—“ He broke off. The last time he and Kakarot had fused, it had been to fight Vegeta’s bladder. “I don’t even remember, it’s been a long time.”

Trunks looked somewhat disappointed, “Aw… But, we wanted to fight Gogeta someday.”

“Maybe you will,” Vegeta said. ‘Don’t count on it,’ he thought. He was never fusing with Kakarot again— EVER. It would require a life-or-death situation to get him to change his mind. Nothing else could possibly persuade him.

His bladder ached more as they walked back towards Goten, needling at him and reminding him how good it had felt to finally relieve himself when he and Kakarot had fused. It was trying to convince him that there was one OTHER reason he might consider doing that again. He clenched his fists at his sides, trying to will the bursting organ to be quiet. He’d rather explode than have to merge himself with Kakarot…

Why was he even thinking about this? Kakarot wasn’t HERE.

When he stepped on a fallen branch and lost his footing for a second, Vegeta felt the liquid within him shake. The sensitive walls of his bladder were doused with burning fluid, and a part of him kind of wished— Er, was just really ANNOYED that Kakarot wasn’t here. He placed a hand over his lower belly, feeling the jittery pulses increase.

Maybe if he told Trunks to wait right here for a second, then rushed to the other side of the forest…

Kakarot’s wife would go ballistic if she found out he left the kids alone— He was likely already on thin-ice since Goten had been by himself for so long. Of course, there was no way for Chi-Chi to find out. But, Kakarot claimed she possessed some kind of sixth-sense for when he was doing something that he shouldn’t have, and there were moments where Vegeta thought he might have actually been RIGHT.

Leaving them to their own devices would end poorly.

Then, perhaps he could do something else… He pictured it. He pictured himself looking down at his son, and… And speaking those words, telling Trunks that he had to go urgently. And then, worse, telling Trunks to keep watch for him since Kakarot wasn’t around to do it. Trunks would agree to it easily, but Vegeta’s bladder wouldn’t. He’d just stand there, twitching, trying to will his body to cede and release everything he was holding back, but it wouldn’t happen. He’d just be there, for an all-too-lengthy amount of time, his son becoming more and more aware of how serious his stupid problem actually was.

That plan would end poorly as well.

So, Vegeta was left with his usual, only option; Holding it indefinitely. With the added stipulation of fighting Gotenks at the same time. Of course, he’d fought while desperate before— He’d done that TONS of times. He knew how to do it. The most important thing was always DODGING. A hit to the wrong spot would be devastating, so staying away from his opponent’s attacks was even more pressing than building up his own.

Gotenks was extremely fast, though, avoiding getting struck in the bladder was not going to be easy.

They reached Goten, whom was just sitting in the grass. Good, at least he’d stayed out of trouble while they were gone.

“Is Trunks in trouble?” Goten asked.

“No,” Vegeta said. “I just had to ask him something. Why would he be in trouble?”

“He was telling me that he hates school,” Goten said. “My Mom would get SO mad if Gohan or me ever said that.”

Vegeta glanced at his son and shrugged. He’d hate being told to sit in one place all day, too. He’d be able to just FEEL himself getting weaker the whole time. Why the woman insisted that Trunks attend such an institution was beyond him.

“I don’t HATE it,” Trunks said. “There’s just a lot of stuff I don’t like. Like how—”

“You should do school with me and Mom,” Goten suggested.

“I dunno if my Mom will let me,” Trunks said.

Vegeta shifted his feet, he’d been standing still for too long now. It seemed that one minute was the limit for how long his bladder would allow him not to fidget. The motion of his legs was so minuscule that he knew the kids couldn’t have noticed it. But, HE’D noticed it, and that was more than enough. He needed to get this fight started, that way all his moving around might look a bit more natural. “Alright,” he said. “Let’s find a more open space so the two of you can fuse.”

Goten’s eyes lit up, “You got him to agree?!” He asked.

“Yeah!” Trunks cheered. “This is gonna be fun!”

Since Goten knew these woods the best, he led the way. He ran through the paths, forcing Vegeta to break into a sprint to keep up with him. His bladder sloshed with each step, and his feet struck the ground much too forcefully. The sharp buzzing at his opening was beginning to build into a heavy pressure, and he had to pause a few times to press his thighs together, hopeful that the action went unnoticed.

It didn’t. Trunks had picked up on his father’s discomfort. After Goten had accidentally pointed out that Dad ‘shivered’ when he had to pee, Trunks noticed it all the time. And, he always felt bad about it. He couldn’t help it, he DEFINITELY knew how uncomfortable it was to be forced to wait. But, unlike Trunks, Dad didn’t have anyone preventing him from going, other than himself. That must have been so frustrating!

Trunks wasn’t sure if a fight was a good idea now after all. Dad had probably fought while needing to pee before, but it couldn’t have been easy! Dad didn’t LIKE ‘easy’, though. And Trunks couldn’t think of any way to call off the fight without having to tell Goten why. Trunks had PROMISED his father that he wouldn’t breathe a word of this issue to anyone, even Goten.

Hopefully Dad made it through the battle okay. Trunks wouldn’t have FULL control over Gotenks when they fused, but he’d try to go a little slower than usual, and that should help. He’d just focus on that as much as he could, and—

…

…

Oh no, they were going to fuse!

Trunks had done a VERY good job at keeping Dad’s secret from Goten, he was proud of himself for how well he’d been doing. Any time he started to slip up and say something, he was able to correct himself in time. But, now they were going to FUSE and Goten would be able to hear all of his thoughts!

So, if he started thinking ‘I shouldn’t hit Dad THERE when he has to pee,’ it would be all over. Goten would know Dad needed to relieve himself, and he’d start wondering why he didn’t just go DO that, and Trunks wouldn’t be able to control his thoughts well enough to keep the secret.

Trunks had to pick something else to occupy his mind with. If he started thinking about his Dad’s problem, he should instead just focus on… On dogs. Yeah. That would work!

Goten finally stopped in a clearing, “Does this work, Mr. Vegeta?” He asked. “Wait’ll you see how much stronger we’ve gotten!”

“This is fine,” Vegeta said, lying through his clenched teeth. Of all the spots Goten could have led them, he just HAD to choose one near a river, huh? Fuck, it was moving so fast today too, creating a whooshing hiss that made Vegeta’s lower body tremble. Dammit, he should have voided his bladder at the house before coming here, he shouldn’t have just ASSUMED that Kakarot would be free.

He glanced away from the river and towards a smattering of bushes. If his stupid body would just learn to COMPLY with his orders… He shifted his weight back and forth a few times. It seemed so fucking simple! He just had to move behind the bushes and GO! It shouldn’t have been such an ordeal! His bladder was cramping, it felt bloated and heavily agitated. His thighs were going numb from continued tension. His legs were glued together, and he was dreading having to drag them apart to fight.

Just as he looked away from the bushes, Goten ran towards them, “Oh, wait! I have to pee first!”

Vegeta turned sharply to face in the complete opposite direction. Not only did Goten LOOK like a tiny Kakarot clone, he behaved like one as well. He didn’t care about things like ‘privacy’ and ‘decency’. Vegeta’s ears picked up on the sound of him watering the bushes and he gritted his fists, begging himself not to start bouncing his feet. The fact that he was feeling so fucking envious of a CHILD was grating on his nerves. A child should NOT possess an ability that HE couldn’t master!

Once Goten had returned from the bushes, Vegeta was clenching and unclenching his fists. He was so tense, his body was pleading with him to move around, to twist and squirm and cross his shaking legs. The shame of it all was even more enveloping than usual! He was an adult, struggling not to do an utterly humiliating pee-dance in front of a couple kids. He was fighting not to come apart at his seams in front of his own son, who thought him capable of anything.

He reminded himself that Trunks knew about the Problem and didn’t care, that if he told his son what was bothering him, nothing horrible would happen. Maybe if he and Trunks were ALONE here, he’d be able to force himself to do that. But, Goten… Goten couldn’t keep secrets. He told everyone about everything, including these topics. Thanks to him, everyone knew Gohan had wet the bed last month. Goten didn’t even do it to be malicious, he just had even less of a filter than his idiot father.

If Goten found out about the Problem, EVERYBODY would know about it before long. The only way to KEEP Goten from finding out was to get through this fight. “Alright,” Vegeta said. “Show me. Prove how strong you are!”

Goten enthusiastically got into the position for the fusion dance. Trunks joined him, but Vegeta noticed he looked far less excited than he had earlier. He didn’t have much time to wonder about that before his attention was again grabbed by his throbbing bladder. He tried to focus on the kids, but he kept glancing away. And everything else his eyes locked onto looked like relief, in spite of his intense awareness of how impossible it was for him to go here.

Gotenks stood before him a moment later, “Heheheheh,” he chuckled.

Vegeta scowled and tried to lower himself into a fighting stance. His midsection protested the action, punishing him severely with a sharp, piercing jolt of a spasm. He steeled himself, begging the agony not to show on his face.

Gotenks smirked, raising his fists. “Easy prey…” he said.

Vegeta’s scowl deepened. He had no idea where EITHER of those kids could have picked up THAT kind of attitude from!

They started to battle, but Vegeta had some trouble keeping up— He wouldn’t under normal circumstances, but it was just so hard for him to form any kind of energy beam right now. He had to rely on his fists and feet, and Gotenks was so fast that he NEEDED to be able to use some long-range attacks.

It didn’t help that Vegeta’s own speed was hindered, needy pulses spiking through him and forcing him to just STOP occasionally to push his legs together. He tried to act like he was pausing to charge something up, even though his chi didn’t want to cooperate enough to build in his hands right now.

Gotenks seemed to be having too much fun to pay attention to any quirks in Vegeta’s body language, at least. Normally, Vegeta would file that away and try to remind Trunks to watch for subtle motions during a fight, but if these incidents were going to keep happen, perhaps it was better if Trunks never learned.

Vegeta’s biggest concern was dodging, quickly moving out of the way of ANYTHING that looked like it might hit his middle. He knew what a chi blast to a full bladder felt like, it was like being kicked thousands of times all at once. His bladder would cramp and squeeze and TRY to force everything out, his dam just too strong and stubborn to allow it to happen.

It was not a feeling that he wanted to experience now.

But, all the darting around, running and flying to AVOID Gotenks’s attacks was making his bladder twitch as well. He was moving and changing position so fast that his body never had the time to adjust and, since he was in the air so often, the effect gravity had upon his bloated abdomen was continually shifting as well. His bladder felt like it was being kneaded, crushed and squashed and stretched in all directions. The liquid inside of him was swashing intensely, splattering the taut walls of his bladder and making them convulse again and again.

He managed to get a FEW punches and kicks in any time Gotenks got close enough to him, but without the ability to use his energy he knew he was outmatched.

Trunks was so stressed that he was surprised his and Goten’s fusion hadn’t come un-done on its own. He was trying to avoid hitting Dad in certain areas, but also fighting hard not to directly think of which areas those WERE, and WHY he couldn’t hit him there. And, he didn’t have complete control over WHERE Gotenks aimed his attacks to start with, and every time he tried to take more initiative, he kept almost thinking about all the things he wasn’t allowed to think about!

‘DOGS!’ His mind continually screamed in desperation. ‘DOGS! DOGS! I am thinking about DOGS!’

Goten was occasionally noticing Trunks’s jumbled thoughts and his random pre-occupation with dogs, sometimes slowing down to wonder ‘Trunks, what’s wrong with you?’

‘NOTHING! I am thinking about dogs, and— And fighting, and we should— We should hit Dad with a—‘

‘You’re being weird, Trunks,” Goten thought. ‘Your Dad is too.’

‘No, he’s not, he’s not weird, nothing’s wrong. He’s just— DOGS! DOGS! DOGS!’

‘Yeah, he is!’ Goten realized. ‘I thought we were just WAY stronger all the sudden at first, but he’s going easy on us! He doesn’t normally do that!’

‘He’s not going easy on anyone!’ Trunks insisted. ‘It’s just that he’s— DOGS!’

‘Yuh-huh!’ Goten responded. ‘He’s not even shooting any chi at us at all! He’s just punching, and most of the time he’s pretending he can’t catch us!’

‘We’re just really fast!’ Trunks assured. ‘Dad can’t keep up because he needs— Because we’re so fast!’

During this, Gotenks had suddenly gone still, confusing Vegeta, whom finally stopped moving as well. He paused and squeezed his thighs together, his shoulders starting to shake. His bladder continued to sear, the fluid trapped inside it still rocking from his earlier frantic motions. While he had the chance, he was going to try to calm the waters a little, hold himself in one place and tense up as much as he could. Why wasn’t Gotenks doing anything? Were they already out of time on the fusion?

Vegeta couldn’t tell. Time passed really, really strangely when he had to pee. It felt like it had been several hours already…

‘Now, look!’ Goten thought. ‘He IS being weird! See? We stopped attacking, and he’s not doing anything!’

‘’Cause that would be cheap!’ Trunks reasoned. ‘He wants a real fight! Let’s give him one again, come ON, just don’t hit him near his— DOGS! DOGS! DOGS!’

‘Why do you keep thinking about dogs? Are your parents gonna get you one?’

Okay. Okay. Fine, Goten was distracted now, good. This was—

‘Huh? What do I need to be distracted from?’

Dammit! Goten could hear everything…

‘What’s going on? What’s wrong, Trunks?’

‘NOTHING, Goten! Dad just needs to— DOGS!’

‘Does your Dad have a dog? Is that it? Is it one of those really tiny ones? Is he hiding it? Is that why he can’t use his chi?’

‘No— That’s— Ahhhh, this is hard!’ Trunks had never had to pay such close attention to his THOUGHTS before. He’d never tried to CONTROL them, he let his mind wander where it wanted to. His mind was his OWN, his private thoughts couldn’t effect anyone else, but now they suddenly COULD, and he was wishing Dad just hadn’t ever TOLD him about—

‘About the dog?’ Goten thought. ‘Wait, is it a surprise? A surprise for who?’

Phew, Goten had distracted him just in time. Think about dogs, think about dogs, think about dogs. Gah, how was he supposed to FIGHT while fused now? He was discovering that being required NOT to think about a specific topic made it REALLY hard not to focus on it! Whenever they fused now, Trunks was going to be stuck thinking about how Dad would KILL him if he ever accidentally—

‘You’re not supposed to think about something? How come?’

‘Gah— Goten, can we un-fuse?’

‘I dunno how to do that before the time runs out…’

Trunks didn’t EITHER. He didn’t even know if there WAS a way. He just knew he had to— To think about dogs, and NOT about—

‘Truuuunks! Are you hiding something? Do you have a secret? Ooh, I know! You LIKE somebody, right? Ewww!’

Could Trunks PRETEND that was it—

‘Oh, that’s NOT it…?’

Ugh, no! He couldn’t lie or fake anything now! ‘Mmmf, we need to fight my Dad!’ He thought desperately. ‘Let’s go! Let’s— Let’s only think about fighting! Let’s use the Kamehameha on him! It’ll be funny! He gets really annoyed ‘cause that’s YOUR dad’s move and he wants us to use one of HIS instead. Or we could use the—‘

‘But, I wanna know what the secret is! And, I don’t even know how you’re supposed to say gore-licks gun!’

‘Galick gun, stupid! You’re lucky he didn’t hear that!’ Trunks figured he was lucky his Dad couldn’t hear a few of HIS thoughts, too.

‘I’m not stupid! And what do you not want your Dad to hear?’

‘NOTHING! Come ON, we can’t let all this power go to waste!’

‘It’s not nice to keep secrets, Trunks!’

‘I promised I would!’ Trunks was SO annoyed now! ‘Stop asking about it, or I’m not gonna be able to—‘

Suddenly, the pair found themselves separated, sitting on the ground. Trunks was flooded with relief and flopped backwards into the grass.

Vegeta approached them. He was trying to stomp, like he knew he should. If he was going to help the kids train, he had to always appear serious and strict. His harsh steps were proving to be too much for him, sending heavy spasms through his middle and forcing him to slow his pace as he got closer. “What was THAT?” He demanded. “You were doing FINE for so long, then it was like you forgot how to MOVE.”

“S—Sorry, Dad!” Trunks started to say, but Goten interrupted.

“Truuuunks! Come on! What’s the secret!?”

“Knock it OFF, Goten!”

“But, we tell each other EVERYTHING!” Goten whined. “Why won’t you tell me this!”

“It’s not even that exciting!” Trunks exclaimed, trying VERY hard not to look at his dad. “Just forget about it!”

Vegeta watched this unfold, his chest knotting up. Trunks must have ALMOST thought about… It. He’d kept it a secret, obviously, but still… He’d come close, and Goten KNEW he was hiding something. Doubtless, Goten thought it was the most amazing secret ever, and— Well, it WAS! Vegeta was struggling with something! That WAS something to be shocked by!

But, Goten was going to keep pressing now, he wasn’t going to drop it.

Every time they fused, Goten would TRY to get Trunks to reveal it, even if by mistake. And, clearly, the reason Gotenks had frozen was thanks to Trunks being too pre-occupied with hiding it.

Requiring his son to control his THOUGHTS— something even HE couldn’t manage to do— was affecting his ability to train and get stronger. Vegeta wasn’t sure if he should make Trunks keep that up. He COULD say “Actually, no more fusion. Unless it’s a last resort, you both need to spend more time fighting separately.”

And, that would be true. They couldn’t always rely on each other, they needed to improve solo as well.

But, Vegeta could… He saw that this was— for some unfathomable reason— important to his son. Trunks LIKED to fuse with his friend, he had fun when he did it, it made him feel good and powerful. It made him feel the same way Vegeta always wanted to feel.

Taking it away would make Trunks feel weaker, it would make Trunks feel the same way Vegeta’s problem made HIM feel.

Dammit… There was that weird feeling again. It was one he’d hardly EVER experienced, where he’d suddenly imagine himself in someone else’s place and it would make him want to do something he wouldn’t normally do… Earth was poisoning him again, that was for sure.

“Goten, if you learn what this secret is,” Vegeta said. “Would you be able to KEEP it a secret?” He couldn’t believe what he was saying. He wasn’t thinking clearly at all, that weird feeling, mixed with his immense need to pee, was removing his ability to be rational

Trunks was staring at him now, surprised.

Goten shrugged, “I think so!”

He ‘thought’ so… “You have to be sure of it,” Vegeta said. This was a bad idea. This was a terrible idea. He should go clear his mind (Or, more accurately, empty his bladder) and THEN reconsider if he actually wanted to go through with this. “You can’t repeat it to anybody. If you do…” he struggled to come up with a threat. He couldn’t. His insides were all twisting and throbbing so much that all he could think about was peeing.

“If you repeat it, my Dad’s gonna be REALLY mad,” Trunks said.

“Your Dad’s super scary when he’s mad,” Goten said.

“If you don’t want to make me angry, then you’ll promise NOT to say anything about this, EVER.”

“Not even to Gohan?”

“Not even him.”

“Well, what about—“

“NO ONE.”

“Okay, I promise,” Goten said.

Vegeta hesitated. Even if he intended to keep this a secret, Goten was so talkative, he may say something accidentally. “Al—Alright. Well… It’s… I…. Have… Um… That is, I— Kind of—“

Goten tilted his head in confusion. “Trunks, your Dad’s acting REALLY funny… He’s supposed to be yelling and talking about how cool he is, right?”

Vegeta shut his eyes. Maybe this would be easier if he couldn’t SEE anyone. It wasn’t, though. He was utterly convinced that Goten WOULD tell someone the first chance he got. Next thing Vegeta knew, everyone would be aware… Having this conversation when he needed to go was making it even harder. He felt so raw and exposed with the desperate urge to void, even if neither of the kids could tell yet. “I…. This… May come as somewhat of a surprise to you, since I’ve never… Lacked any abilities in the past, but—“

“Trunks says you get annoyed when we do the Kamehameha,” Goten interrupted. “Is that ‘cause you don’t know how? I can show y—“

“I— I’m sure I could figure THAT out if I wanted!” Vegeta snapped. “What I haven’t been able to figure out is how to— I— I have difficulty relieving my bladder. That’s the big secret. Like Trunks said, it’s not very exciting.”

“Reliving your blabber,” Goten tried to repeat.

“Peeing,” Vegeta said. “I have trouble with… That, alright?”

“Uuuuummmm…” Goten trailed off. “I don’t get it… I thought that was easy.”

Vegeta twitched, and turned away sharply. He’d done that too quickly, and his bladder pulsed in protest, forcing him to rub his knees together for a moment. “It SHOULD be, but that’s not how it works, I—“

“You just do it…”

Vegeta needed to tell Kakarot to teach his brat not to make idiotic comments.

Then again, it wasn’t as though Kakarot was a great role-model when it came to that!

“Goten,” Trunks said. “I think it’s like… Um, remember when we went to the tournament? You said you felt funny because you’ve never fought in front of an audience before, and you had stage-fright for a second?”

“Yeah,” Goten said. “Mister Vegeta, are you supposed to pee on a stage for some reason?”

Vegeta rubbed a hand over his face. Dammit, now he was picturing himself being forced to do that. He was picturing some all-powerful creature crash-landing on Earth and announcing that it would blow up the planet if Vegeta didn’t successfully urinate on stage for an enormous crowd of people.

That had happened in one of his dreams once.

“No…” he sighed.

“‘Cause that WOULD feel weird, since everyone’s gonna be looking, and— Ohhh. You don’t like when there’re other people, right?”

“… Right.”

Goten looked down for a second, then he shrugged, “Okay!”

“Okay?”

“It all makes sense now,” Goten said.

“What makes sense now?”

“All the times you start crossing your legs and stuff,” Goten said. “And then sometimes you get Mrs. Bulma and you say…” Goten tried to lower his voice and speak in a gravelly tone. “‘Woman, I’m leaving NOW.’ And if she says no, you go ‘I said NOW!’ And you fly off super fast.”

“I— I don’t do that very often!”

“Do you have to go now? Is that why you weren’t fighting like normal?”

“That is NOT of your concern!” Vegeta growled. “When I told you not to speak of this with anyone, that included me!”

Goten tilted his head, “Huh? But, it’s not a secret from you, you already know! And, if you have to pee now, you should. So that you don’t have an—“

“Goten, be quiet!” Trunks cut him off.

“Well, he’ll be more embarrassed if he peed on himself, right?”

Vegeta couldn’t handle this much longer. Goten’s suggestion, while utterly impossible, was enough to horrify Vegeta. In spite of knowing that it could never happen, he was now imagining himself standing there soaked in front of his own child, and Kakarot’s little spawn. He shuddered. “En—Enough,” he said. “I want the two of you to spar each other now, you BOTH need to get better at fighting while separated. I’ll watch.”

Goten kept staring at him. Ugh, he looked EXACTLY like Kakarot, it was so unnerving! And that was the way Kakarot always looked at him when he realized he had to—

“Are you cold?” Goten asked suddenly.

Vegeta relaxed a bit, he wasn’t being obvious, he was fine.

“You can go back to my house and get something warm to drink,” Goten added. “We have lots of tea.”

Either Vegeta wasn’t being obvious, or Goten was teasing him. Vegeta knew which option he preferred. And, after a few seconds had passed, he realized that Goten had just gifted him with the perfect excuse. “Yes,” he said. “I’m freezing. I’ll be right back.” Backing away on stiff legs, he added “Don’t blow up the forest, I can’t deal with Kakarot’s wife shouting at me today.”

“We’ll try!” Goten said, waving.

Vegeta rushed off, feeling his bladder thrash more and more with each step. Did he have time to go home? When were Kakarot and his wife supposed to get back? He couldn’t remember how long they’d say they’d be gone. He’d never hear the end of it if he left the kids alone here, Chi-Chi would demand an explanation. He’d have to tell her that he’d needed to pee, he’d have to break down why that had required him going home.

He didn’t need the idiot’s entire family knowing about this!

Better to just go to Kakarot’s house. It was empty now, he assumed the door to their restroom locked. There was no reason he SHOULDN’T be able to get this taken care of there.

Also, Kakarot’s house was so much closer, and he… He just… He was TIRED of holding it, that was all. He definitely COULD restrain himself all the way home, he’d have NO problem doing that! There was absolutely ZERO doubt in his mind that he could fly home before he started to leak. He just didn’t WANT to go that far!

Now that he was out of the kids’ eyesight, he was occasionally palming his crotch. He’d been aching to hold himself for so long that finally being able to do it felt amazing. He reminded himself that he didn’t NEED to grab and pin his opening shut, he was just choosing to do that out of his own free will, because he wanted to. If it was actually a need, then he wouldn’t have been able to keep his hands away while he’d still had people looking at him. And, he could let go easily.

To prove that to himself, he released his grip, but only managed a few more steps before his bladder spasmed with a razor-sharp, sickening twinge and his hands dove back down again to squeeze urgently. He felt heat building down his length now, a leak right at the edge of spurting out. His fingers pinching around his exit felt like the only things keeping the drops at bay.

He decided that maybe he WOULDN’T let go of himself anymore…

Vegeta reached Kakarot’s small house and tore one hand away from his crotch so he could yank open the front door. Kakarot was an idiot for never locking it, but sometimes his stupidity was useful.

To Vegeta’s immense relief, his bladder didn’t start with that premature loosening thing it had been doing whenever he got near his restroom at home. He supposed that since he’d never relieved himself in Kakarot’s house before, the power of suggestion held no sway here.

His middle did start to cramp a bit more viciously once he was actually IN the restroom, though. Especially after he’d locked the door and his body registered that he was now alone in an empty house, behind a locked door, with a toilet right there. He crossed his legs and bounced his feet, keeping his eyes firmly shut until he’d gotten his clothing apart.

He aimed and told himself to release, and for a few seconds he got nothing more than a few more violent, surging cramps. He strained, bearing down on his pelvic muscles, reminding himself again and again that he was completely alone, and there was no chance of anyone hearing him go.

After two minutes of pushing and pleading with himself to just let it out, he still hadn’t managed a drop. He wasn’t sure what was causing him to lock up so badly. He knew he was alone. He concentrated, and couldn’t even sense anyone. He had privacy, and he just kept trying and trying.

He realized that a lot of his thoughts were directed towards the kids he’d left alone in the woods. He knew they could both handle themselves just fine until he got back, he wasn’t concerned about them being in danger. But, he WAS quite concerned with what they might be TALKING about. Now that they both KNEW, what if they were discussing it? Trunks had never seemed to care that much, but what if Goten thought it was funny? What if Goten was badgering Trunks for some really embarrassing stories now?

Vegeta tried NOT to think about that, and focus solely on getting his bladder drained NOW so that this whole ordeal didn’t turn INTO a really embarrassing story.

‘Trunks wouldn’t tell him anything,’ Vegeta tried to assure himself. Trunks had seemed plenty annoyed by Goten’s questions, he didn’t WANT to answer them. Trunks understood that this was a family matter.

Finally, Vegeta’s efforts were yielding results, a shuddering dribble began to emerge from his tip. He felt the familiar scorching of his bladder only partially splitting open, and gritted his teeth, digging his heels against the floor as he forced it to continue.

When a real stream started to erupt at last, Vegeta released his breath in a low sigh. The pressure inside of him dropped immediately, and the churning bloat in his lower stomach evaporated. Much better! His shoulders slumped a little, and he shuddered.

He couldn’t help the blush that spread across his face. His pee gushing into the bowl was now the only sound in the empty house, and it was so loud, so obvious… But, it felt so good, too. And, he was the only one that could hear it. It didn’t matter that it was loud, it didn’t matter that it almost kind of echoed in this tiny room.

When Vegeta was just about finished, he heard the front door moving again. The last of his pee gushed out in a startled rush and he hurriedly fixed his clothing. His brain now cleared from the fog of desperation, he immediately was able to sense Kakarot and Chi-Chi.

“Why wasn’t the door shut all the way?” Chi-Chi said, her tone accusatory.

“I dunno,” Kakarot said. “I swear I closed it when we left! Maybe Vegeta had to come back here to get something.”

“He left my son ALONE in the woods?!”

“Aw, c’mon Chi-Chi. Goten can handle himself. You know that!”

Fuck, fuck, fuck… Chi-Chi sounded mad. Kakarot was always frightened when Chi-Chi was angry, so Vegeta had to assume she possessed some otherworldly powers of her own. She was certainly good at yelling, anyway. She might have been the only person capable of out-screaming Vegeta.

Vegeta forced himself to open the door and step out. “Your little brat is fine,” he said. “I just had to— To wash my—“

“Oh, there you are,” Chi-Chi said, looking from him to the now open door to the restroom before turning back to Kakarot. “Alright, I guess if he was having an emergency, then at least he has a decent excuse.”

Vegeta noticed a look of dismay pass over Kakarot’s features, and knew it was likely mirrored in his own.

“I— I was just—“ Vegeta stammered. Fuck, she was thinking about him peeing. She was thinking about him NEEDING to pee really bad! She was picturing him desperate!

“You know, you could learn from him Goku,” Chi-Chi added. “You COULD come back inside when you need to pee, you don’t need to keep going outside like you did before you knew what a toilet was.”

Vegeta was momentarily distracted enough to snort “What?”

Kakarot blushed. That was a really rare sight. It was kind of fascinating in a way. “Vegeta, you know I grew up in the forest, there just wasn’t any plumbing then.”

“Heh, did Bulma have to toilet train you?”

“N—Not exactly,” Kakarot said. “It’s not like I didn’t know WHEN I had to pee, I just didn’t know that there was a way to do it inside,” looking away, he added. “Eheh… Um… Did Goten behave?”

Vegeta shrugged, “Nothing got destroyed.”

***

The following day, Vegeta was training with Trunks in the gravity chamber. It went well for a while, but then Trunks really started to slow down, stumbling and needing to pause to lean against the wall frequently.

“Come on, Trunks!” Vegeta snapped. “I know you can do better than this!”

“I’m trying!” Trunks whined. “But, I— Um… Never mind!”

“What?” Vegeta asked. “Come on, out with it!”

“It’s just… I… I need a break now, Dad… I’m sorry.”

Vegeta noticed that Trunks was squirming in a very peculiar way. He looked like he had to… But, he was too ashamed to say it!

Vegeta’s heart-rate quickened. It was happening, despite all of Vegeta’s best efforts, his son was going to suffer with the same curse. What could he do? Vegeta couldn’t even break his OWN curse, how was he supposed to help Trunks if he didn’t know how to help himself?! “Do you need to relieve yourself?”

“Yeah…” Trunks said, fidgeting more and blushing. “I’m sorry.” And there was that look in his eyes again, he was afraid of Vegeta’s anger.

But, Vegeta wasn’t angry with Trunks, if he was mad at anyone, it was himself! He hadn’t protected his son! Trunks felt the same shame that HE always did now! He’d failed! Maybe this thing was actually hereditary. It was just written into Trunks’s DNA, coded there with no way around it, and that was all Vegeta’s fault! “Don’t apologize,” he said.

What had he done wrong? How had he screwed this up? He always allowed Trunks to take pee breaks when they trained, even at the most inconvenient of moments. And, he NEVER scolded his son over it, he held his tongue, didn’t ask ‘Why didn’t you go BEFORE?’ But, that hadn’t been enough, something about his demeanor must have communicated to Trunks that this was something to feel ashamed over. “You can tell me when you need a break.”

“I know,” Trunks said. “But, I figured you were gonna say ‘no’.”

Vegeta had never told him ‘no’ before. Denying Trunks what he needed was a dangerous game. One accident would be all it took… “Why would I do that? You’re gonna have a hard time getting stronger if you’re distracted.”

“Well, Calculi never lets me go when I ask,” Trunks said. “She says I’m old enough to be able to wait. And, you’re way stricter than her, so I just thought you’d make me wait, too.”

“And who is Calculi?”

“My teacher,” Trunks said. “You don’t know my teacher’s name?” He squirmed more. “Dad—“   “Trunks, go,” Vegeta ordered. His tone was harsher than he’d intended, and he felt a few stabs of regret as he watched Trunks run off. He hadn’t meant to sound so frustrated, he just WAS. But, not at Trunks.

How DARE this person not allow HIS son to use the restroom when he needed to?! Here Vegeta was, trying as hard as he could to make sure Trunks NEVER felt bad about this topic, only for someone ELSE to undermine him! Telling him he should be able to wait at his age, basically shaming him for needing to go! Preventing him from going even after the urge got bad enough for him to ask… What if, one day, she forced him to wait TOO long? What if his son was made to have an accident in front of all his classmates? And what would this Calculi say to him then?! Would she shame him further for not being able to wait? Even if SHE didn’t, the other children WOULD.

And… That would be it. Trunks would be humiliated, he’d be disappointed in himself, he’d experience mortification so intense that he’d end up—

Maybe she just wanted him to wait for a designated break-time. That was still infuriating, but there was less risk of Trunks having an accident if he was still allowed to go every so often.

But, when Trunks got back, and Vegeta asked him how often he was given a break at school, Trunks just shook his head. “We have recess, but we have to stay outside the whole time, so I can’t go then. And, we have lunch, but that’s inside the classroom and I’m not supposed to leave.”

Vegeta turned that over in his mind, it sounded like Trunks wasn’t given ANY chances to pee at school whatsoever. He was apparently expected to hold it all day, until he got home. An uncomfortable, tetchy heat coursed through Vegeta’s body as he pictured that. It was sort of like what he felt before transforming into a super Saiyan, and he was shocked that this was actually getting him THAT mad. “I’m going to settle this,” Vegeta decided.

“Dad, you can’t! Don’t talk to her about this! It’s embarrassing!”

“Who said anything about ‘talking’?”

“Dad, no!”

Vegeta sighed, “Fine. How about this? Next time she doesn’t let you go, I want you to flip her off, tell her she’s an asshole, and go anyway.”

“But—“

“If you get in trouble, I’ll handle it,” Vegeta said. “I can be very persuasive.”

***

The first thing Vegeta heard when he emerged from the gravity chamber a few days later was Bulma screaming his name. He was tired after his workout, but not SO tired that he couldn’t come running to her. She sounded so upset that he thought she MUST have been in danger.

He rushed into the kitchen, fists raised “What’s wrong?!” He didn’t sense anything treacherous, and Bulma didn’t look frightened.

Her face was bright red though, brows knit with a fury he hadn’t seen in a while, “Did you SERIOUSLY tell Trunks to give his teacher the middle finger and swear at her?!”

“Of course I did,” Vegeta said. “What else was I supposed to do?”

*026*2023-08-23 20:34

There were a few things about Bulma that Vegeta would never understand— Her desire to watch her ex-boyfriend play baseball was one of them. What she had ever SEEN in Yamcha to begin with was another. Yet, she always wanted to go to his games, and the whole family had to come along. Sometimes, Kakarot and his brood would turn up as well.

Vegeta didn’t much care for it. He didn’t enjoy huge crowds, particularly when they were made up of rowdy, drunken fools. And Earth’s liquors were so weak compared to what Vegeta had had access to in space, it confused him that the humans even COULD get intoxicated off of the stuff.   Loud noises triggered something deep in Vegeta’s bones, making him want to fight. But, he was required to sit in one place the whole time instead. And, being in such close quarters with so many people was overwhelming— He couldn’t turn OFF his chi-sensing ability, so he was constantly bombarded by tons and tons of signals. It was enough to give him a migraine.

He was never very comfortable.

But, he TRIED to put up with it. Trunks had fun, it made Bulma happy, he could endure one day of annoyance if he had to.

But, today, he wasn’t sure if he’d be able to last.

The whole family had come along, even Bulma’s parents, like usual. Kakarot had decided to show as well, already adding to Vegeta’s irritation with his non-stop cheering for Yamcha. But, it was Bulma’s mother that would cause Vegeta’s undoing.

He interacted with his in-laws often enough, he thought. They lived in the same place, so he couldn’t just ignore them. But, he was not as close to them as he was to Bulma and Trunks. He certainly wasn’t close enough to inform them of his disobedient bladder. They didn’t NEED to know. He doubted they had any idea about it, not recalling too many instances in which he’d been terribly desperate in front of them.

So, when Mrs. Brief insisted Vegeta HAD to try one of the alcoholic beverages because of how good it tasted, he wasn’t able to explain why that was a bad idea. He couldn’t come up with a decent excuse— The most obvious one, simply saying that he didn’t drink alcohol, wouldn’t work. They’d seen him do it at home. But that was the thing, he could ONLY do it AT HOME.

A little bit of Earth’s liquor would never get him drunk, but it would affect him in other ways. Alcohol went through him VERY fast. It was like he’d pee out five times as much as he actually drank. It was difficult enough drinking WATER out of the house, booze was just ASKING for trouble.

Particularly since Yamcha’s game was only JUST starting and he wouldn’t be able to go home for several hours without ticking Bulma off.

“Ah, no,” Vegeta said.

“It’s delicious, Vegeta,” Mrs. Brief said, trying to pass the obscenely large cup over to him. “You need to try it!”

Vegeta cringed and looked to Bulma, widening his eyes and trying to convey the message; ‘I can’t, Bulma! You know I can’t! Get her to back off!’

But, Bulma either couldn’t read his expression, or she was a sadist, because what she said was “You are looking a little dehydrated, just one drink won’t hurt you.”

‘That is going to shoot through me faster than an energy beam,’ Vegeta thought. ‘If you’re gonna make me drink, can’t it be something else?’ He shook his head. “If you insist, I’ll go have some water,” he started to stand.

“Oh, sit back down, Vegeta,” Bulma chided. “The game’s about to start. Just drink this since we’ve already got it.”

Vegeta had never told Bulma what alcohol did to him, and he realized she probably had no clue. He decided to just take the stupid cup, and then NOT drink from it. Once the game began, everyone would be too distracted to notice.

Or, so he thought.

Bulma was monitoring him, and kept nudging him and encouraging him to drink. Before he knew it, she’d coaxed him into downing the whole thing; All of it now flowing through his body at lightning speed.

It only took a few minutes after swallowing the dregs of the beverage for him to begin feeling some pangs. Fuck, these games usually lasted all day… He tried to avoid thinking about it, but each time he looked at the empty cup near his feet, his bladder surged more viciously. ‘Don’t think about it,’ he ordered himself. ‘Think of something else. Like how you almost beat Kakarot yesterday. If you’d been able to dodge that last hit, you would have—‘

Another throb, this one even more insistent. Thinking about Kakarot was only causing him to think of how Kakarot was just a few seats away from him now. Which was causing him to think of what Kakarot could DO for him now if he just made himself ask. Bulma wouldn’t mind if he was only gone for a minute, right? Instant Transmission would be fast— She wouldn’t even realize he’d left!

‘Fuck, stop it…’ Vegeta told himself. ‘It’s not even that bad! You don’t need that idiot’s help!’ His foot started to tap. His bladder was filling and stretching out so quickly that he could barely even react fast enough to all its twitches and aches. He shifted in his seat and, for the first time ever, tried to ACTUALLY pay attention to what Yamcha was doing out there, desperate for any kind of distraction.

That didn’t work, either. His urge was just too insistent, and it was getting worse. He changed his position once more, trying as hard as he could to find one that was at least a LITTLE comfortable. That seemed impossible, and his constant shifting was going to start drawing people’s attention. Finally, he settled for sitting with his fists against his bouncing knees. He glanced over at Kakarot, seeing that HE was fidgeting a little too. ‘Saiyans don’t like being still,’ he told himself. ‘Bulma and the others know that. This is normal. They’re not going to think you need to… Do anything.’

But… Ohhh, how he did! The liquid swishing within him was starting to burn the taut walls of his bladder. The surges of need were beginning to sting. He leaned back a little, trying to give the bloated organ a bit more room. That helped, but only for a few minutes, then he was feeling the full brunt of the pressure again. His pelvic muscles scorched angrily as they were forced to pull themselves tighter and tighter.

He was already at the level where, if he were at home, he would have stopped whatever he was doing and gone up to his room for a bit of privacy. Where, if he were with Kakarot, he might have made some passing mention of wanting to go home.

At one point, Trunks started to push his way through to the end of the aisle, forcing Vegeta to stand up. ‘Dammit, boy… Why don’t you just fly?!’ He thought as his bladder’s contents were shaken so roughly that he almost had to grab himself. ‘I’m sure at least SOME of the people here have seen a kid fly before!’

He sat back down, the action making his bladder compress. Its walls squeezed in an effort to pump something out, but every drop remained welded firmly in place. He cringed and sucked in a breath.

WHY did alcohol do this to him?! It was like his body didn’t even USE any of the fluid, just dumped every drop of it straight into his bladder, and THEN made a few more liters of it materialize out of nothing, just to give him a hearty ‘fuck you’. He caught one leg starting to creep over the other and, fearing that would just be TOO obvious, he grabbed his knee and forced it back. His bladder kept sending him hot, painful twinges and his legs kept trying to cross to combat them. It was getting harder and harder to keep them apart.

He strained his thighs together, which took some of the edge off, but then the demands from his body to move came right back. He wondered if he could get away with just walking around the stadium for a little bit, claim he wanted to stretch his legs if Bulma asked. Then… Then maybe he could fly off and get home, or at least to a tree, before this got too much worse.

He had to wait for these spasms to pass first, so that he’d be able to stand up without doubling over and walk normally until he was away from all these people. Yes, he just had to calm everything down until he was able to pace with a bit of dignity, then he’d figure something out. He couldn’t stay here any longer. He NEEDED to—

He felt a nudge on his arm. Shit, had someone noticed?! He looked to his side. Trunks was standing in the aisle, wriggling. “Dad,” he said urgently. “I really have to go to the bathroom, and I can’t find one!”

Dammit… Now this… “I’m sure you can find it yourse—“

“Dad, please?!” Trunks begged, squirming more. “You’re not even watching!”

Vegeta imagined Trunks having an accident simply because he couldn’t locate a toilet in time. He imagined Trunks having an accident that he COULD have prevented. The shame that would follow, the humiliation of his son having to walk by all these people, soaked.

Even though he really didn’t feel READY to stand up just yet, Vegeta forced himself to do so anyway. His legs felt wobbly and he lost his footing when he tried to push his ankles together. The momentary destabilization made his insides twist themselves into overflowing knots. He bit back a groan. “Fff—Fine, Trunks. I’ll help you.”

“Thank you!” Trunks said, hurriedly leading Vegeta up the stairs and out of the main area. Vegeta didn’t think it would be too hard to find the restroom, seeing as this whole thing was just a giant circle.

But, they kept walking by concessions and gift stands, with no sign of a restroom. Trunks was getting more and more frantic, and Vegeta was as well. He was as desperate to find the facilities as his son was, even though he knew they’d offer him no relief to the tyrannical throbbing slamming through him. No, when they found the restroom, all he’d be able to do would be standing outside of it, trying extremely hard not to squirm, jiggle, or think about what everyone else was using that room for— What HE’D be able to use it for if he weren’t so damn—

“There!” Trunks exclaimed, rushing off to a door tucked away in a corner.

Vegeta sighed. “See? You didn’t even need my he—“

Trunks was already behind the door. Vegeta stood beside it. His stupidly powerful Saiyan ears were able to hear inside the room anyway. Beyond the wall, he could hear streams flowing, sinks spraying, toilets flushing, and he… He had to go SO bad… He shimmied against the wall, hitching his hips. He looked at his wrist, even though he didn’t have a watch, just in the hope it would make him appear impatient to anyone who spotted him. He was hyper-aware of where he was. All this squirming right next to a restroom… It was so obvious!

His bladder pulsed and he nearly grabbed at himself again. Sweat trickled down his neck, and he was incredibly grateful that that was the ONLY place that felt damp to him right now.

Maybe the restroom wouldn’t be so bad? Maybe… Maybe there’d be a stall way in the back, with no one near it. Maybe the door would be heavy, sound-proof even. And no gaps. And, if he tried— If he went in there and REALLY tried as hard as he could. If he forced himself to stand there for however long it took, if he strained and pushed and did EVERYTHING in his power to make it happen. MAYBE he’d be able to get something out— Just, ANYTHING. Even ten seconds of relief would be enough!

He reached a hand to the door. The inside of his glove suddenly felt extremely humid. His chest was going tight, and he tried to remember to breathe. He was just going to… To check. To see if it might be possible. If it looked hopeless, he’d leave.

But, if there was even a CHANCE that he’d get rid of some of the liquid that was torturing him…

‘You can do this, Vegeta! You’ve faced down Frieza— This shouldn’t be so intimidating!’

He clenched his eyes closed and shoved the door open. ‘It can’t be as bad as you’re imagining!’

He opened his eyes.

It was worse.

What—

What even IS—

But, WHY would—   What was WRONG with humans?!

For a moment, Vegeta reconsidered his decision not to destroy Earth, because it looked like its inhabitants were beyond saving.

There was what looked like the sort of trough farm animals ate out of— Or the ones Kakarot ate out of at buffets… But, really, there wasn’t much a difference there.

Except, people were pissing into this trough. Just… Out in the open. There weren’t even any partitions. Instead, everyone was shoulder to shoulder.

For what purpose would the Earthlings construct something so awful? Regular urinals were ALREADY a nightmare, he couldn’t believe humans had come up with a way to make them even worse!

WHY— They must have challenged themselves to do it. That was the only explanation. They took satisfaction in creating terrible things and constantly wanted to one-up themselves.

Vegeta looked away. There WERE stalls, but they were all locked. Trunks was uncomfortably waiting for one. Apparently, HE couldn’t deal with the trough, either. Vegeta didn’t worry that this meant he’d contracted The Problem, his discomfort with the trough could only mean that Trunks was NORMAL.

Vegeta’s bladder was searing, he could hear all the watery noises a lot more clearly now and it was making his body go completely haywire. He turned around to leave but, fearing that would look weird, he forced himself to go to the sinks instead. He’d pretend he’d just come in to wash his hands.

As he removed his gloves, Vegeta realized that this probably STILL looked bizarre. He had gloves on— Why did he need to wash his hands?

Fine. Whatever. Let everyone think he was overly hygienic. Let them think he was terrified of germs. That was FINE. That was better! Anything was better than the truth; that he was dying for a fucking piss and couldn’t even bring himself to TRY doing it here!

He rinsed his hands, but could only endure that for a few seconds before the sensation of water trickling over his skin made him flinch and press himself against the counter. He flicked the water off, grabbed his gloves, and hurried from the room.

He shifted from one side to the other as he put his gloves back on and waited for Trunks. He didn’t think he could take this much longer. He had to go home or, barring that, find SOMEWHERE secluded— ANYWHERE. He was filled to his brim, and if he didn’t get rid of some pressure soon it was going to drive him crazy.

Trunks came back out of the restroom, now far calmer. He’d made it alright. Vegeta couldn’t let himself feel relieved about that, because the first words out of his son’s mouth were “Do you need to go too, Dad?”

Vegeta looked away, but the squirms he couldn’t hold back provided enough of an answer.

“Can you fly home?” Trunks asked.

“Shhhh! Not so loud!” Vegeta scolded. “And, of COURSE I can fly home!” To prove this, he tried to levitate himself into the air for a second. But, he couldn’t manage to even get his toes off the floor. The heavy feeling in his bladder kept him rooted to the ground. “I—“

“Go tell Goten’s dad you wanna go home,” Trunks said.

It looked like Vegeta was going to HAVE to do that, and as more sweat rolled off his back, he suddenly realized that there was nothing he wanted more than to order Kakarot to bring him home. The request got less shameful each time he was forced to make it and he was given another reminder of how little Kakarot actually cared, the way the other Saiyan didn’t even seem to know HOW to judge him.

He took Trunks back into the stadium, but rushed to the other end of the aisle where Kakarot was sitting. He tapped Kakarot once on the shoulder— The only warning he gave— before aggressively yanking his arm and pulling him from his seat.

“Whoa—“ Kakarot said. “Vegeta, what’s—“

“Leaving,” Vegeta responded sharply. Once it became apparent that Kakarot was going to follow him, he let go. He regretted that a moment later when his hands instinctively went between his legs and squeezed. He forced them away before a full second had even passed, but his face scorched with heat— There were so many people, at least ONE of them must have noticed that!

Once they were outdoors, Vegeta bounced on the balls of his feet, hands clenched into fists and swinging at his sides. “Kakarot, I demand you take me home. 'It’s' not letting me fly!”

“Uh—“

“Home,” Vegeta interrupted. “Now.”

Kakarot looked him over for a second— A second that felt intolerably long to Vegeta. “I would, but—“

“Nope. No ‘buts’,” Vegeta said. “Home. Immediately.”

Kakarot shut his eyes. “Er… Uh… I can… I can get you to Kame House!” He said after a moment. “Or Dende’s place… Um…”

“That won’t— Get me home NOW, Kakarot!”

“I— But HOW, Vegeta?!”

“What the Hell do you mean ‘how’? Just use Instant Transmission!”

“Your whole family’s out of the house,” Kakarot reminded. “I need someone’s chi to lock onto, you know.”

Vegeta had forgotten that— How had he forgotten that?! Ugh, all he could remember was how bad he had to piss. “The employees, then! They’re still there!”

Kakarot shut his eyes for a moment, but then shook his head. “I don’t know any of them well enough to recognize their chi signatures. That won’t work, either…”

“Dammit!” Vegeta exclaimed. He stomped a foot with frustration, instantly regretting the impulsive action when a tremor worked up his leg to pound through his bladder. “Mmmf…” He gritted his teeth to keep from yelping.

Goku frowned, trying his best to think of a proper solution. None of the ones he came up with were things Vegeta would easily agree to. “Do you want to TRY going here?”

Vegeta just glowered at him.

Goku nibbled his lip. His palms were sweaty. Vegeta was gonna like this next suggestion even less… “Since it’s… Too much for you to fly home right now,” he began. “I could… I could carry y—“

“ABSOLUTELY NOT!” Vegeta erupted, turning to face Kakarot fully now to glare at him properly. Gah! The very IDEA of it! Kakarot HOLDING him… And what if—

It wouldn’t happen.

It was impossible.

But… What if…

What if things got to be… TOO full while Kakarot was carrying him?

That wouldn’t happen— That COULDN’T happen!

Goku shrugged his shoulders, “It’s not a big deal, I don’t mind it!”

“I MIND!” Vegeta snapped. “I’ll just… Walk home… Maybe I’ll pass somewhere… ‘decent’ along the way.”

“Vegeta… Unless you can sprint at top speed right now, that’s gonna take ages,” Goku pointed out. He didn’t think Vegeta was capable of running, he’d slosh things up too badly if he tried. “Just let me get you home, alright?”

“You are NOT carrying me!” Vegeta hissed. “I would rather restrain myself until I rupture every internal organ I have.”

Goku sighed. He didn’t want to do this… He didn’t like hurting Vegeta outside of a battle— This was turning INTO a battle, though, just not the kind Goku enjoyed. He needed to change Vegeta’s mind. The longer he acted stubborn about this, the worse his situation would become. And, eventually, he would break something.

Goku reached over and touched his palm very, VERY gently to Vegeta’s lower back.

“Gah-HAAAH!” Vegeta jerked forwards, away from the offending touch, but the horrific pain shadowed him and continued to flare up with a brutality he could scarcely believe. Kakarot had BARELY tapped him there! Yet, it felt like he’d just been hit with one of his rival’s most powerful attacks.

He doubled over and held himself, right there in front of Kakarot. “Fuck— Don’t you EVER fucking do that again!” He managed between raspy, agonized gasps.

Goku watched Vegeta fold in agony. He’d known that was going to cause him pain, but he hadn’t imagined it would be so severe— He’d tried to be gentle! Still, this was the result he’d wanted… “Let me take you home, you can’t stay like this.”

“It’s— It’s your fault that it’s so much worse now!” Vegeta growled. “And— And— I’m still— I’m not letting you carry me!”

“It’s the only way, th—“

“What about th—that ridiculous cloud you’re always riding o—on? C—Can’t we u—use that?”

Goku had forgotten about the Nimbus! “You’d be more comfortable?”

“Yes, just don’t sit too close!”

Goku frowned. He and Vegeta were probably still gonna have to touch… He called the Flying Nimbus and as soon as the cloud had appeared in front of them, Vegeta was walking towards it as quickly as his full bladder would allow him to.

“Vegeta, hang on,” Goku said. “You need to wait for me, and sit in my lap, or hold onto my shoulders, or someth—“

“Why the HELL would I do that?!”

“Because I don’t think you can—“

Vegeta tried to climb onto the cloud, but fell straight through, landing roughly on his back. The impact was severe enough that he began to retch. His kidneys still hadn’t recovered from Kakarot’s earlier touch, this additional blow was enough to make his head-spin. His bladder cramped and strained so violently that his opening felt like it had caught fire. All his lower muscles were trying as hard as they could to force out the liquid, but the warm rush failed to make it past his steel floodgate. Every twisting throb ended with an eruption of pain.

What the fuck?! Granted, Vegeta had never quite understood how sitting on a cloud was supposed to work, but Kakarot and his family did it often enough that he accepted it just kind of DID. Why couldn’t HE do it?! Was his bladder so damn heavy now that the cloud couldn’t support it? No, he was positive Kakarot weighed more than him since he was taller, that couldn’t have been the—

“Are you okay?!” Kakarot came to his side. Vegeta leaned against him as he fought his way back upright— Kakarot wasn’t HELPING him, he reminded himself. Kakarot was just— THERE, so why not make use of him? “I was trying to warn you…”

“Tried to warn me about WHAT?” Vegeta demanded. “Is your cloud broken?”

“No,” Kakarot said. “But, you gotta have a pure heart to be able to ride it… Otherwise you’re gonna just—“

“‘A pure heart’,” Vegeta repeated. “What kind of bullshit is that?! What does that even mean?!”

“Er… It means that YOU are gonna have to sit in my lap or something if you don’t want to fall again.”

“I am NOT sitting in your—“

“Well, you gotta hold onto me SOMEHOW,” Kakarot interrupted. “You can pick, but that’s the only way you’re gonna—“

Vegeta imagined himself just gripping onto Kakarot’s shoulders, that would be a little less nauseating… But, he would be required to keep his hands in the same spot until he got home. He imagined himself momentarily forgetting, acting on pure instinct when a blisteringly hot surge overtook his bladder and making a grab for himself. He imagined himself remembering the importance of keeping his hands where they belonged, but becoming so overwhelmed by the force of his need that he just NEEDED to put some pressure between his legs somehow. Perhaps by pushing against the only solid thing he had available—

At the thought of squirming up against Kakarot like that, Vegeta realized that having to ride in the idiot’s lap may actually be the BETTER option. At least he’d have his hands free in case he neede— WANTED to use them for anything. “Fine… I’ll… GetInYourLap…” he mumbled the last part, surprised he was capable of speaking so quietly.

“Hm?”

“I said I’ll—“ Vegeta’s bladder surged and he had the feeling of heat battering his opening again. “I’ll sit in your stupid lap, moron!”

“Oh, okay,” Kakarot said. He climbed onto the Nimbus.

Vegeta cringed. What was so ‘impure’ about his heart anyway?! He knew he’d done awful things in the past, but shouldn’t his regret mean something?! He’d tried to atone, he tried to be better than the version of himself that had done Frieza’s bidding, that had killed without thinking twice. Didn’t that mean ANYTHING to this stupid cloud?

Apparently not. Apparently, the cloud thought Vegeta’s unsavory past warranted subjecting him to the worst humiliation possible.

The heat building in Vegeta’s opening blared even brighter for a second, and he thought the material around his tip suddenly felt a little warmer.

Okay. The cloud only wanted to put him through the SECOND worst humiliation possible, then…

Vegeta forced himself to climb into Kakarot’s lap. He still didn’t feel THAT stable, since he knew he’d fall right through the nimbus below them, and he doubted he’d be able to start flying on his own if that were to happen. Still, he was NOT going to grab onto Kakarot to steady himself any better. He was touching the fool ENOUGH as it was.

“Okay, Nimbus,” Kakarot said. “Get us to Capusle Corp, and make it FAST, alright?”

Vegeta was about to yell out an indignant curse. Kakarot emphasizing his desperation, even just to a… Semi-sentient cloud… thing was completely unacceptable! But, when the cloud immediately took off at a speed that was ENTIRELY too much for Vegeta’s bladder, he only managed a choked wince instead. “Nnnnh!”

He felt Kakarot’s hands gripping his shoulders and his first instinct was to shake him off and scold him for even DARING to put his low-class hands on his prince outside of combat. But being steadied like that made his bladder’s reactions to motion a little less severe, so Vegeta chose to allow it— Just this ONE time. Kakarot had better not make a habit of it…

Vegeta tried to hold still, he REALLY did. The last thing he wanted was for Kakarot to be aware of every last bit of fidgeting his bladder forced him to do. Kakarot would feel his every squirm and become even MORE aware of how dire his desperation was. But, he couldn’t keep still. The weight in his middle was so uncomfortable that he was twisting around just in a vain attempt to get AWAY from it. Like, he could somehow manage to wriggle himself out from under the pressure that had become PART of his own body.

‘Dammit, knock it off!” Vegeta ordered himself when he shifted for what must have been the hundredth time in one minute. ‘There’s no position that’s going to hurt less, so STOP.’ Contrary to his wishes, his body continued to flail uncontrollably. His hands wound up between his legs, squeezing forcefully. Kakarot’s hands were still on his shoulders. Kakarot was RIGHT fucking there, watching as Vegeta writhed under the control of his critically full bladder.

Kakarot’s hold on him kept tightening, likely to keep him from squirming so much that he fell, and he HATED that his body was being so disobedient that that was even a possibility.

He clenched his pelvic muscles as hard as he could, causing himself to start shaking from the strain. He gritted his teeth against the fluttering in his muscles that were working to keep his flood contained. Every time he squirmed, he pressed himself more firmly against Kakarot.

Goku hoped the Nimbus could get Vegeta home in time… When Vegeta had to go so bad that he couldn’t fly, Goku always got really nervous. He knew flight was normally VERY easy for Vegeta. Goku hadn’t been able to fly until he was an adult, but Vegeta had mastered it as a toddler. So, to Vegeta, not being able to fly must have been on the same level as not being able to walk or speak.

The Nimbus was fast, but not as fast as a Saiyan, and Vegeta was having a COMPLETE emergency. He hadn’t gone still for even half a second since they’d taken off— Obviously he just couldn’t. He was coming undone. When Goku looked down at the right angle, he could see how swollen Vegeta was, his bladder had become an angry, gnarled ball of tension that was bloated enough to be visible from the outside.

Then there was…

Oh…

Vegeta wriggling against him right there was making Goku feel kinda funny. He’d had this same feeling before. Like, if Chi-Chi touched him a whole bunch in certain spots, or if he was fighting someone really strong, he’d just get this weird sensation inside himself. He didn’t know what to call it or why it happened. He’d asked Master Roshi about it when he was younger, and Roshi told him it was normal… Along with a bunch of other stuff Goku STILL didn’t really understand.

Sometimes the feeling got really intense, then his thingy would stick up and stuff would come out of it— That part only happened with Chi-Chi, though, and only after she’d been touching him for a really long time. He guessed that since Vegeta was squirming so much against the same spots, that was why he was feeling all funny again.

Vegeta had made him feel this before— The very first time they’d fought, at the time he’d been the strongest opponent Goku had EVER faced, so he just couldn’t HELP the sensation. He’d had it during lots of their other fights, too. He didn’t know if Vegeta felt the same thing, he’d been meaning to ask…

Vegeta fidgeted more, shifting his position again and again. He was still so tense that he was shuddering, tremors moving up and down his body over and over, and Goku felt REALLY funny… It was starting to get uncomfortable, it felt pleasant, but it made him crave… Something. It was getting really close to what it was like with Chi-Chi, and he didn’t think that was a good thing right now.

He looked down, hoping that they might have been passing a forest— Somewhere Vegeta could go so that they could end this trip faster.

Nope… They were over a barren desert. It seemed to be devoid of people, but Vegeta didn’t tend to do well without something to stand behind while he peed.

Vegeta twisted from side to side as his hands mashed more firmly against himself. “Why is this taking so long?!”

“It’s not as fast as us,” Goku said. “But, I promise it’ll get you home in time—“

“Of COURSE it will!” Vegeta snapped. “What the Hell do you think you’re implying?!”

Oof, wrong choice of words… “I’m not implying anything, Vegeta!”

“You’d better not b—“ Vegeta broke off, an absolutely heinous cramp slammed through his water-logged bladder and— Fuck, fuck no— A spurt came out. The minuscule drops did nothing to lessen his agony, nor was it enough to leave a wet spot on his clothing. But, Vegeta had FELT it happen. He KNEW it had happened.

Vegeta froze, but Goku just felt concerned from the sudden stillness. He could feel how tense Vegeta’s lower body was sitting on top of him, could feel him beginning to subtly shudder again. “Are you oka—“

“Of COURSE I’m okay, I—“ Speaking was enough to prompt another jet of urine to shove its way past the obstruction of his uncooperative dam. This leak was longer than the last one had been, and he sucked in a sharp inhale of breath. He resumed his squirming, grinding his hips blindly against Kakarot— Fuck, why did he have to be in THIS position with Kakarot— He clutched himself, one hand wrapped around the base of his dick, the other over his tip, pinching his slit closed. The intensity of his own grip over the delicate skin was up there as one of the most painful things he’d ever experienced, but it staunched the flow of his leak.

Goku squirmed too. Now that Vegeta was wriggling again, body basically just vibrating from tension, the funny feeling was back. And, it was building up, getting super intense. He hoped his thingy didn’t start going up, he didn’t think that was supposed to happen right now! If Vegeta would just stay still again— Or if he wasn’t moving against THAT exact spot—

At last, they were flying over West City, Vegeta exhaled and squeezed hie eyes shut, ordering his abused bladder to hang on and just WAIT for a few more minutes. They weren’t that far from home now, not that far from relief.

Finally, with Capsule Corp visible, Vegeta told himself that he was going to make it just in time. But, his bladder’s latest obnoxious habit— trying to loosen itself once he knew he was close to the bathroom at home— reared its ugly head again. He grimaced with extraordinary pain as his bladder cramped down roughly and a burst of liquid gushed out, quickly soaking over his crotch in a warm rush.

He managed to regain control over it after just a couple seconds, but he knew that last leak had been enough to leave something visible behind on his clothes, and the release of it had deepened his urgency into something even more severe.

“Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck…” Vegeta growled, not sure if the pain or the embarrassment was worse, unable to stop himself from vocalizing his discomfort.

Goku gritted his teeth when, after a second, the damp warmth of Vegeta’s last loss of composure soaked through to his lap. He did not allow himself to acknowledge it. He did not move, he did not speak. He pretended to himself that he couldn’t feel it. Vegeta only had to hold it a couple more minutes now.

They landed behind Capsule Corp, which Goku hoped would feel more private to Vegeta than the front entrance. It was a shorter walk to his bedroom from here too. Goku waited for Vegeta to launch himself off of him, but he didn’t.

Both hands still wedged against his crotch, Vegeta twisted his hips and braced himself to stand again. As soon as his feet were on the ground, he was doubled over, knees buckling as he bounced on his feet.

Goku climbed off next, watching Vegeta crumple over. He was thinking about the stairs Vegeta would have to go up to reach his room. “Vegeta… Um… Just go here, alright? I’ll keep watch for you.”

Vegeta felt sweat moving down his back, making him shiver as it cooled his overheated skin. “N—Not here…” he gritted out.

“It’ll be fine,” Kakarot said. “I’ve peed outside here before!”

Vegeta didn’t have the energy to shout at Kakarot for that, just let the other Saiyan lead him, WAY too slowly, towards the shadow of several trees. It was a very short walk, but it felt like it took ages. When he was in the foliage, with Kakarot behind him, Vegeta reached to undo his clothes, but he stopped, shaking hand over his zip. “Kakarot, I— I definitely can’t do it here. There’s no way in Hell.”

“Sure you can!” Kakarot encouraged. “You’re so strong, you can do anyth—“

“Mmmf— STOP!” Vegeta snapped, feeling another hot leak move down his leg as his floodgates started to weaken. “I— Not right here!”

“No one’s gonna see, I promise. Just try.”

Vegeta grabbed at his zip again, and that was as far as he got. He just… Couldn’t. His eyes were fixed on something above them, in one of the trees. He knew that attempting to void here was futile. “Kakarot, I CAN’T.”

“Try,” Goku said. “You NEED to.”

“No.”

“Why not?!”

“Because there’s a security camera, you moron!”

Goku turned and spotted the camera up in the tree. He raised his hand out towards it and fired a quick blast of energy. Immediately, the device disintegrated. “No, there’s not,” he said.

Vegeta quickly yanked his zipper down and pulled himself out. His bladder contracted and its walls began to squeeze automatically. He moved his feet further apart and unclenched his lower muscles. A whole world of pressure moved through his abdomen, his breath catching in his throat when it failed to build into a stream. A single drop collected on his tip and just stayed there for a moment, seeming to mock him.

‘This is pathetic,’ he thought. ‘What? You can’t make it up the stairs to use the toilet? Worthless, weak little—‘

“Vegeta, do you think you could pee so much that it kills a tree?” Kakarot asked abruptly.

“… What the Hell are you on about?!”

“Well, I know that if you overwater a plant, it dies. That’s why Chi-Chi won’t let me near the houseplants anymore. And, I know that you always pee a whole lot, and it comes out super fast, so I bet your stream’s strong enough to kill a tree if you ‘water’ it enough times.”

Vegeta felt the familiar pinching at his tip. It stung atrociously, but he bore down on his muscles and forced the sensation to deepen. He bit down on his cheek to prevent any noises of displeasure from seeping out of his mouth. At last, a slow, stuttering trickle of urine started to leak out of him. It burned on the way out, his muscles still refusing to open up all the way. But, compared to the torture he’d been enduring before, even THIS slight reprieve felt like bliss.   ‘Please, keep working…’ he begged when he felt his flow starting to recede again. ‘Don’t— Don’t—‘

“I bet you can hold more than a swimming pool,” Kakarot added. “I wish I could do that!”

Vegeta let go of a torrent, a heavy stream that gushed uncontrollably and drenched the bark of the tree in front of him. His knees trembled and his head dropped back with a gasp of relief as his bladder finally split open and unleashed its spray, flooding his synapses with euphoria. The amazing sensation overwhelmed him for a second before reality settled in again.

He was outside, behind his house, peeing… His house was in the center of a huge city. He could sense tons and tons of humans everywhere. And while none of them could see him, he could FEEL that they were there. His flow started to fade away again, and he cringed audibly. ‘Fuck—!’ He pushed, desperate to keep going, not wanting to allow this wonderful feeling to be taken from him before he was finished.

“What is going on over here?” A voice said.

“D—Gahhh!” Vegeta jumped, and his stream ceased instantaneously. He couldn’t turn around. He felt completely frozen.

“Uh…” Kakarot was saying. “Nothing…”

“One of the cameras went out,” Vegeta recognized the voice of one of Capsule Corp’s employees. Why… Why wouldn’t this day just END already? He’d been humiliated enough to last him a lifetime! “Wanted to check and see what’s— Oh, hey, Vegeta. Do you know what happened to the camera?”

‘I’m going to stuff whatever’s left of it up your ass!’ Vegeta thought. It felt like knives were being jammed into his bladder while a cactus needle was shoved up his opening. This was Hell. He wanted to finish. It hurt worse now than it had before he’d let anything out. And, now he was standing there, with his dick out trying to piss, and this guy was looking at him. ‘Kakarot, don’t move, don’t you DARE move, if he gets a better look at me, you are fucking DEAD.’

“Oh… Uh…” Kakarot said. “Vegeta and me, we were… Bird-watching. And a bird… Knocked the camera out of the tree and broke it.”

‘No one is going to believe that Kakarot, you imbecile…’

“Well… Alright…” the employee said.

Vegeta heard him leaving.

He couldn’t continue peeing after that, though. It was impossible.

Goku struggled, equally as panicked by what had just transpired. Stopping mid-stream like that must have been excruciating! Vegeta was surely beside himself with misery now. Goku needed to get him peeing again, he had to say something else— What else would— “Uhhh, did Frieza pee?” He honestly didn’t know. Frieza was always naked, and he didn’t have a thingy, so maybe not… “I bet, if he did, you could hold it longer than him— Even in his final form!”

A shiver went through Vegeta’s spine as his bladder spilled over again, no longer showing any sign of stopping. “Ahh—“ He clamped his mouth shut, blushing hard and mindful of Kakarot’s presence. ‘Don’t let HIM hear you… do that!’

Now that Vegeta seemed to be alright, Goku looked down at himself. He’d felt his friend leak on him earlier, and while he hadn’t reacted to it, the result was visible on his clothes. It made it look like HE’D been the desperate one. When Vegeta finished and turned around, he was going to notice that. He was going to realize what had happened, and he’d probably be so embarrassed that he wouldn’t be able to speak to Goku for a really long time.

Luckily, Goku kind of had to pee a little bit, and that gave him an idea of how to fix this. He held onto himself, which felt a little weird since he wasn’t having an emergency, and started to cross his legs back and forth. He thought about beginning to whine as well, to make it even more convincing, but it would be a bad idea to make Vegeta feel rushed.

Vegeta’s release slowed down after a few more minutes of furious spraying. He finally finished up, but his bladder kept spasming in an effort to make sure he was completely emptied. He staggered backwards a bit as he fixed his clothes, he felt raw.

Now that Vegeta was done, Goku figured it would be alright to complain. “Vegetaaa? Are you finished yet?”

“… Yes, Kakarot, it’s all… Sorted now.” Vegeta turned around, now able to see how much the other Saiyan was fidgeting.

“Mmmf,” Goku winced as he squirmed. “G—Good job, Vegeta!” He said.

Vegeta somehow managed to blush harder.

“Can I pee n—now?!” Goku asked. “L—Listening to you made me REALLY need to go!” He moved his hand slightly. “S—See? I’m leaking!” That wasn’t a complete lie. The longer he’d been standing there, hearing Vegeta gush, the worse his own urge had gotten.

“Ha! So, I can weaken you just by forcing you to listen to me piss, Kakarot?”

‘I guess so,’ Goku thought. ‘You kinda need ME to GET you to pee in the first place, so I dunno how much that counts…’ But, all he said was “L—Looks like it! Do you mind if I go here, too? I can’t make it inside!”

“… Fine, go ahead. Just wait until I’m far enough away first.”

Goku relieved himself once Vegeta had gone. As he added to the massive puddle Vegeta had made, he hoped his friend hadn’t left already. It would be fun to race him back to the stadium now that they could both fly again.

*027*2023-11-06 20:55

Written for the Omovember prompt "Weird/Confusing Toilet".

***

Vegeta occasionally ran into an unusual problem while out in space. Sometimes he’d find himself nice and alone and near a restroom. His bladder would most likely be uncomfortably full as well. So, while he had the chance and knew no one would catch sight of him giving in, he’d enter the restroom to relieve himself.

And, that was when he’d be faced with a new problem. He had to pee, he had a locked door to pee behind and no one had seen him go through it. He had all the privacy he needed. But, he still wouldn’t be able to go.

It was true that a lot of the planets he visited were inhabited by species which DID urinate, and thus had facilities to accommodate the need. And, it was true that a lot of those planets had very PRIVATE areas set aside to attend to such things. But, often, Vegeta would realize that a crucial THIRD requirement was missing.

The species who inhabited several of those planets had anatomy that differed vastly from that of a Saiyan. And, more times than he could count, he’d get to the restroom and find that he had no fucking idea how he was supposed to void into the receptacle he found there. Sometimes, it was so bad that he couldn’t tell which item was the sink and which was the toilet— Not that he could think of a way to actually PEE into either of them.

Given that he’d typically be about ready to burst in these situations, he wasn’t in the right frame of mind to try to figure it out, either. And he couldn’t allow himself to risk doing it incorrectly either, there was always a chance that he’d make a mess and someone would find out. It would be humiliating. Nor could he ever debase himself by ASKING someone to explain how he might use any of those strange contraptions to alleviate his discomfort.

Frost demons like Frieza had an entirely different way of urinating. And, when Vegeta had been brought to Frieza’s home planet, he’d learned more about that than he’d ever wished to know.

Vegeta had known that Frieza DID, in fact, pee. Frieza had stopped meetings and mentioned a need for the restroom a couple times before— The moments had stuck out to Vegeta, a little thrill in the back of his mind when he started to realize that Frieza had to go more often than he did, that his bladder must have been even stronger than Frieza’s. But, he’d NEVER thought about it in any real detail. He’d never concerned himself with HOW Frieza pissed, or where it would come out of him. Of course he hadn’t, that was disgusting. He didn’t WANT to think about Frieza naked.

But… Er… Frieza was ALWAYS naked, wasn’t he? At most he’d wear armor on his chest occasionally… And, unless it was somehow hidden in his skin most of the time, Frieza didn’t seem to have any kind of a—

Ugh, gross! If Frieza DID have one of those, it probably looked nauseating! Vegeta didn’t even want to PICTURE it!

Unfortunately, when he was brought to Frieza’s home-planet, he was FORCED to think about it a lot. He’d woken up just as the ship was landing, dismayed that his alarm hadn’t gone off. He’d thought he’d set it! If he wasn’t dressed and off the ship right away, Frieza was going to—

Vegeta REALLY had to use the bathroom… He hadn’t had any chances to pee last night, and he’d already needed it badly then. The weight against his sphincters now was horrible! He knew everyone else would be leaving the ship, the restrooms would be deserted, he needed—

Frieza would quite literally kill him if he was late. And, from the way his bladder felt, he knew it was going to take a while to get it empty. He got dressed and hoped he’d have some privacy during this trip.

Once outside, on Frieza’s planet, Vegeta felt twitchy, and not just because he was in serious need of a pee. Everyone here LOOKED like Frieza, and just the sight of them was irritating. The planet itself was uncomfortable too. The gravity was much more intense than what Vegeta was used to, and it took serious concentration to keep himself standing up with his back completely straight. The heaviness all around him was having a pronounced effect on his full bladder, pushing onto it, as though it was trying to squeeze its contents out.

The SECOND he found himself alone, Vegeta promised himself that locating somewhere to let go would be his top priority. He caught himself glancing back at the ship, wondering if he could rush back onto it once he was sure no one would notice.

Frieza led Vegeta and the rest of his soldiers down a pathway, however, getting further and further from the ship. Vegeta kept glancing around. He had no idea what symbol this planet used to label restrooms, so he didn’t even know what he was looking for. And, even if he did spot something, it wasn’t like he could break away from the group and relieve himself. Oh, just the thought of it… Bolting off suddenly, disobeying Frieza’s orders, running straight for a restroom— Everyone would think he was having an emergency! And— And Vegeta didn’t HAVE those. He waited however long he had to, and he endured it. He could always hold it…

They got to a large building, the place Frieza’s father lived. Frieza told them all to wait in the entryway so he could show them off. Vegeta seethed a little at that. HE should have been the one with an army to put on display for HIS father… He should have been able to say “Look, Father. Look how many I have under my command.” He should have been able to say… Say ANYTHING to his father, anything at all! Just one more time, he never even got to say goodbye to—

Um… Woah, that started going into a weird direction. What had gotten into him? Vegeta didn’t CARE about stuff like that. At all. What did it matter if he didn’t have a family anymore? He didn’t NEED one, attachments just got in the way of more IMPORTANT things, and what was the point of getting attached to someone to begin with when they’d only end up being taken away in an instant?

Ugh, why was he even thinking about this? Frieza kept talking about his father, and the more he said that specific word, the harder it was for Vegeta to pull himself out of these idiotic thoughts. And worse, the thoughts were bringing things along with them, irritating feelings that clawed around in his stomach, poked the backs of his eyes. He had no use for this nonsense! He just had to—

He still had to pee. Really bad. He should just focus on THAT issue, instead of on how Frieza was somehow getting into his head again and making him feel things that he should never feel. He forced himself to focus only on the physical discomfort he was still enduring, which wasn’t hard to do. He hadn’t let go of a drop since the previous morning, and generally after an entire day without voiding, he was BEYOND ready for some relief. His fists kept clenching and unclenching at his sides, his knees pointed towards each other and occasionally rubbing any time he thought he could get away with it. He knew there had to be a restroom somewhere in this building, since people lived in it. He just had to find it.

No way in Hell was he going to ask for directions to it, though. He felt his stomach twist as he pictured himself interrupting Frieza. “Where’s the restroom? I have to take a break!” He was nauseated by the idea. Frieza would probably say ‘no’ anyway, adding to the humiliation. And everyone would immediately realize that he was bursting if he actually spoke up about it. They’d think he couldn’t hold it in another second, that he was desperate, that he was close to having an accident. Vegeta never had accidents, he never got close. No one was allowed to even THINK otherwise.

He would hold it until he was permitted to leave from this spot, then he’d go find the bathroom on his own. THEN, and only if no one was around to see him do it, he’d pee. Nobody had to know how direly he wanted to empty himself, nobody had to know he had any intention of doing it at all.

Beside him, he finally noticed that Raditz had been wriggling when the other Saiyan shot up his hand. “E—Emperor Frieza, is there a restroom I can use?”

Vegeta, for some reason, felt himself blushing. His face burned brightly with embarrassment even though HE hadn’t been the one to say anything. How the Hell could Raditz talk like that? Just let EVERYONE know that his bladder was full, and then somehow NOT literally die of shame immediately afterwards? How could he voice such a question to FRIEZA? Especially with Vegeta right next to him, he was making BOTH of them look bad! Idiot… Foolish—

Frieza sighed, “I suppose we have SOME time for that.” His eyes shifted, and Vegeta swore Frieza was now looking at him. His gaze was stilled right on him, sharpening, lids squinting. Vegeta tried not to squirm, tried to get rid of the VERY problematic icy tendrils that were starting to slowly form along his ribs. His urge to pee suddenly reached a new height and he held his breath as he made his thighs tense up— The only thing he could do that he knew wouldn’t be noticed. '

Frieza finally looked back at Raditz instead. “YOU,” he said pointedly. “May go. It is the sixth door on the left, down that hall.”

At least Vegeta was going to know where to go when he finally had the chance…

Raditz left. Vegeta felt worse with him gone. Now Frieza was staring at HIM again. He hated those eyes, they were just unsettling to look at, and even more unsettling to have ON him.

Raditz returned several minutes later— Way longer than it usually took him to piss. And, he was still fidgeting like he had to go, too. Had that idiot somehow gotten confused by the most straight-forward directions in the world, or—

“Pr—Prince Vegeta?” Raditz hissed softly.

Vegeta growled in response. He had no desire to hold a conversation with such a low-level warrior. Especially not when his bladder wanted so much attention.

“Prince Vegeta…” Raditz repeated.

“Silence,” Vegeta snapped as quietly as he could manage. “You’ll get us both killed if you don’t shut up.”

Frieza’s father came down from wherever he’d been resting, and Frieza introduced him to the others. King Cold seemed impressed by this portion of Frieza’s army. But, instead of pride at having earned someone’s respect, Vegeta only felt iced over. It was such a struggle to stand still as he was looked at, his need to go was so severe that he had to strain his legs to keep them from squirming. He didn’t feel strong, even though King Cold said he looked like he was. He felt like he was going to burst his bladder, lose control of himself and start shouting out pleas for a toilet break while his body flailed and contorted ridiculously.   Being next to Raditz, whom WAS squirming around and seemingly not even TRYING to stop only made him more embarrassed. Raditz’s desperation was so blatant, Vegeta thought it would make his own, much more subtle signs, easier to pick up on.

“This one needs a leash,” King Cold commented, passing by Raditz. “Train him to hold still at least, will you son?”

“I don’t know WHAT’S wrong with that one…” Frieza scorned. “He’s one of the last survivors of his kind, can you believe that? Oh, but the other one beside him—“

“Yes, as I said, he’s much more impressive.” King Cold turned back to Vegeta, brow furrowing. “A little… Shaky though, now that I look closer.”

‘Dammit, stop staring at me like that!’ Vegeta thought. He didn’t want to be here anymore. He wasn’t looking forward to being back on Frieza’s ship either, though. He hated it there too. He couldn’t think of ANYWHERE that he actually wanted to be, just this nebulous, ill-defined ‘somewhere else’ that he wanted to reach NOW.

“Hm, yes,” Frieza concurred. “He is shaking, how strange… He does not typically do that. What’s the matter? Having trouble with the gravity here?”

Vegeta didn’t respond. He wanted to. He wanted to shout at Frieza to be quiet, to stop mocking him. He wanted to demand respect, compliance, submission. He wanted Frieza to bow down before him, begging for his life as he realized that Vegeta was far more powerful than he could ever hope to be.

He just wasn’t there yet… If he kept training, if he kept getting stronger, someday he would get Frieza to do all of that. Just not today. Today he had to stand there as Frieza derided him. He had to just stand there as his bladder expanded and got fuller and fuller, and Frieza and King Cold scrutinized him, searching out all his flaws, all his weaknesses, and hoping they didn’t hit upon the thing that was holding him back the most in this moment. He dreaded one of them remarking ‘I think he’s just dying to relieve himself, don’t you? How childish…’

They finally left him alone and moved on to the others. Once that was over, Frieza informed them they were free to wander the castle. Those were the words Vegeta had been hoping for, but now he was reluctant to run off immediately. Especially not down the hallway Frieza had pointed out earlier, they’d know which room he wanted…

So, he stayed put for a few seco—

Raditz gripped his shoulder “Prince Vegeta!” He said once more, urgency tinging his voice.

Vegeta glared. How dare Raditz touch him without requesting permission first?! “What do you want?!” He demanded.

“It’s… I— How does Frieza pee?”

Vegeta stared back at him, eyes going wide, face going red. Why… Why was Raditz asking HIM a question about THAT topic? Could he tell? Was Vegeta being obvious after all? “Wh—What are you implying?!”

“I— Vege— PRINCE Vegeta,” Raditz quickly amended. “I tried to use the restroom earlier, and I—“

“You managed to get yourself lost in a single hallway because you’re an idio—“

“No, I couldn’t figure out how it worked!” Raditz corrected. “So, I— Do I have your permission to go outside somewhere?”

Vegeta scowled, “It’s not MY permission you need, Frieza is here, remember? All requests go to him, not me.” Ordinarily, he would have loathed to defer authority to Frieza, but this was the fastest way to end the conversation.

“But— He’ll say no,” Raditz said. “I KNOW he will, and I can’t—“

“Dammit, you’re a Saiyan!” Vegeta scoffed. A spasm rolled through his bladder and he bent forwards a little, shifting his weight and altogether losing a bit of his threatening edge. “Y—You can wait!”

Raditz shook his head, “I’m not like you—“

“Thankfully…”

“I can’t hold it for weeks like you can,” Raditz complained.

Vegeta bit back a smirk. Did Raditz legitimately believe he could wait for weeks? Heh, that gave him a little more motivation to endure this. He had a reputation to uphold now, after all… “You’ll get there, I remember when I could only wait for ONE week, I must have been ten…”

“Wow, really?” Raditz asked. “I was joking… A—Anyway, I really have to go, and the toilet here doesn’t make any sense.”

The gears in Vegeta’s head started to turn. Maybe he could use this to his advantage. He could get relief NOW, under the guise of showing Raditz how EASY the toilet was to use for someone with actual intelligence like HIM. That wouldn’t require him to admit that he actually NEEDED to go, he’d just be ‘demonstrating’ to show Raditz how much smarter he was than him.

Hopefully the toilet wasn’t as complicated as SOME of the weird ones he’d encountered had been. He’d figure it out right away, and say ‘See, Raditz? These things aren’t a PROBLEM for Saiyans who possess more than one brain cell’. And then he’d go… in… front… of… Raditz…

For some reason, a sub-zero chill worked up his spine as he imagined that, and he felt a lot of the muscles in his lower body suddenly grow extremely taut. It stung painfully, nearly making him groan out loud.

That… Was not a feeling that should be allowed within ten billion miles of him. It was not permitted to ever invade his body again, and if it ever so much as TRIED to—

Well. If pissing in front of Raditz made him feel that way, then he was not going to piss in front of Raditz…

He could do OTHER parts of the plan, though. Just not the part where Raditz was in the room with him. “You idiot, I’m sure it’s perfectly easy to use! I’ll go figure it out FOR you, since you’re too much of a moron to do it yourself!”

“Oh, you have to go too?”

That feeling washed over him again, making him shudder. What the Hell WAS that? He wanted to rip open his chest and pull out whatever was causing it! “O—Of course not! I never ‘need’ to do that, I just DECIDE to, when it’s convenient. But, CLEARLY you need someone else to handle this, and since I’m the only one you’ve asked, I’ll have to do it!”

“… Okay.”

Vegeta walked towards the hallway. Once he’d turned the corner and was out of sight, he leaned against the wall, doubled over and held himself, squeezing his eyes closed. “Ffffffff…” he hissed out. Oh, he’d been dying to grab himself like this for ages. He allowed his legs to cross over each other, tightly winding around one another. Ahhh, that was better, finally…

He was ready to move again after a few seconds, reached the correct door and opened it. Hopefully, this wouldn’t turn out to be TOO strange, and he’d at least have SOME idea as to how he was supposed to—

What.

In the room, there was nothing that even came CLOSE to resembling a toilet. There was a sink that Vegeta could recognize AS a sink, and for a second he thought that if it came to that, he’d clamp his eyes shut and go down the drain. Then again, if THAT were an option, he was sure Raditz would have taken it, there must have been some reason he hadn’t…

Vegeta stepped closer to the sink. There WAS no drain to pee down. What the Hell, then how did— He switched on the tap, and rather than water, a blast of hot steam jetted out of the faucet. Was that even enough to GET someone’s hands clean?

He turned, resting on the counter, next to the sink, was a small device that resembled an ear thermometer for infants. It was attached to a long hose that was connected to the floor.

What was he even meant to—

Was this the wrong room? Had Frieza given Raditz bad directions earlier to screw with him? Vegeta picked up the weird thermometer-looking thing. He looked at the top of it, it had an extremely small hole in the tip… What was this thing—

He turned it around and around in his hand, finding that it said ‘Bladder Reliever’ on one side.

So, apparently this thing WAS supposed to let him piss. Some-fucking-how.

…

…

…

How the Hell did Frieza pee?! Where did piss even come out of him? Did he have a dick somewhere?

Ugggh, the last thing Vegeta EVER wanted to think about was Frieza’s possibly existent dick!

Frieza had a father, so his species did SOMETHING to reproduce. Did they have kids the same way Saiyans did it?

Frieza hadn’t mentioned ever having a mother, and… Vegeta hadn’t been able to determine the sex of any of the other creatures he’d seen on this planet. They all looked like Frieza, just kind of androgynous.

Some of the species Vegeta had encountered didn’t have multiple sexes, the way they reproduced wasn’t anything like how Saiyans did it, so they didn’t have anything resembling certain body parts that Saiyans had. But, thus far, the majority of those creatures Vegeta had learned about ALSO didn’t urinate, so he had never had to figure out how any of them pissed; They just didn’t do it.

It looked like Frieza belonged to a species which reproduced asexually, but he DID pee somehow. Apparently by using this incomprehensible device.

Vegeta looked at the small hole in the tip again. Was he… Was he supposed to pee into that? It was SO small, his stream would be too thick no matter how perfect he managed to get his aim. Even if he somehow got himself to pee one drop at a time, he wouldn’t be able to get it into such a tiny target.

There HAD to be something he was missing. It would probably help if he knew what part of Frieza’s body he pissed out of. His… Fingertips? Would that work? It would have to be just one finger, or else it would be really messy… Maybe his tail? Vegeta looked at the device again, the very tip of Frieza’s tail might fit into that hole…

Did Frieza’s tail have an opening in it, though? Vegeta hadn’t ever NOTICED anything like that, but he also hadn’t ever LOOKED, and the opening would have to be really small anyway.

Vegeta’s own tail had begun to flick around, hitting the wall repeatedly, puffing up and curling at the end; The way any Saiyan’s tail would behave when experiencing severe discomfort and stress. He was realizing that this device was obviously not meant for someone with his anatomy, and he couldn’t pee in this room unless he just decided to whip it out and do it all over the floor.

Frieza would murder him, then find some way to revive him just so he could murder him again.

And, worse than that, everyone would KNOW how desperate to pee he’d been!

But, he wasn’t ready to leave the room, either. Not when his tail was putting it on display that something was REALLY bothering him. Nappa and Raditz would both notice for sure and start nagging him to tell them what was wrong. He had to get IT under control before he went back out.

He tried to make his tail go still, but it was flailing uncontrollably. He tried to wrap it around his waist, but that was just too much added pressure for his bladder. Within seconds, his tail slipped down and started to wind around his legs, some of his desperation ebbed away, and he was at the point where ANY lessening of pressure felt incredible. He sighed, letting his legs cross again, then pressed his hands against himself.

He couldn’t pee here, but he was in a private room where he could squirm. And, the ‘toilet’ was so incomprehensible to him that his body couldn’t register it AS a toilet, so looking at it didn’t torture him. He decided to stay here a while longer, just so he could writhe. He couldn’t stand the sight of himself behaving this way, even though it was making him feel SO much better, so he had to keep his eyes closed as he contorted and jiggled around.

“Hff… Hfff…” he panted harshly. ‘Get a hold of yourself, Vegeta… Stop acting like this!’ He couldn’t stop, though. He was ALONE, no one could see him doing this. If he didn’t open his eyes, he didn’t even have to acknowledge it. He could just stay here and do whatever it took to hold it in.

He allowed himself to continue doing that for several minutes,

When he finally felt like he’d gotten his urge under control enough to leave, Vegeta reluctantly found Raditz and notified him that the ‘toilets’ here were obviously unusable for anyone that wasn’t a member of Frieza’s species.   Raditz was VERY dismayed, and was still behaving in a way that made his desperation obvious. Vegeta didn’t understand why Nappa was standing beside him, how the embarrassment wasn’t rubbing off on him. “Th—Then, can you let me go outside, Prince Vegeta?”

“Absolutely not,” Vegeta said. “And, as I told you before, FRIEZA is the one you need to ask.”

“Ask me what?” Frieza prompted, seemingly just… Appearing behind Vegeta.

Vegeta almost— Well he— He kind of—

He just hadn’t heard Frieza coming, was all! So, he was… Just a tiny bit startled, and— And MAYBE that made his bladder cramp up a little and almost— ALMOST made him leak. He didn’t ACTUALLY leak, of course. He stopped it JUST in time, but…

“Emperor Frieza,” Raditz said. “P—Permission to relieve myself, please?”

“I already told you where the facilities are located,” Frieza said. “Do you need it that badly again so soon?”

“N—No,” Raditz said. “But, I… Don’t think I can use the toilet here. Prince Vegeta tried to figure it out too, and he—“

“It’s quite easy to use…” Frieza said. “I’ll show you how.”

Was Frieza going to piss in front of Raditz? Poor Raditz, having to look at Frieza’s… Whatever he had.

“Nappa, Vegeta, you come as well.”

What the Hell for?

“Best if I demonstrate the device’s use on a Saiyan, I believe…. There are certain anatomical differences between our species, after all.”

Okay, so then Vegeta was going to have to see Nappa or Raditz with some of their clothes off. Whatever… He’d seen them that way before.

They reached the restroom again. “Now, since Vegeta is the closest to my height, it will be easiest if I demonstrate on him.”

Vegeta froze. No. Nope. No way. Not in a million years. He was fine getting changed in front of Nappa and Raditz, he was fine doing that around some of Frieza’s other soldiers. But, Frieza was NOT allowed to see him unclothed.

“Don’t look so horrified,” Frieza said.

“Im n—“

“You don’t have to take ANYTHING off,” Frieza said.

Okay… Okay… Fine. But, then how did it work?

“Typically, my species excretes through our tails.” Frieza allowed his tail to brush against Vegeta’s chest. Vegeta worked hard to keep his expression nonplussed and avoid showing any signs of disgust. That sort of reaction was what Frieza wanted.

“However, this device is much more hygienic.” Frieza held up the weird… thermometer-looking… thing… “The tip goes against your bladder, and you press this button, and everything is removed.”

Vegeta did not particularly like the sound of that. It would feel so strange… If he had to leave his clothes on, he’d feel like he was having an accident as his bladder emptied.

“A—Alright, I can do that!” Raditz said. “Give it h—“

“Just to make sure, I’m going to show you,” Frieza said. “Vegeta…”

Reluctantly, Vegeta stood at Frieza’s side. He didn’t have a choice… “I— I don’t really have to go right now,” he said. Betraying him, his bladder gave a jolt and he felt pins and needles beginning to crawl up his back. His shifted ever so slightly, hoping it just looked like he was bored.

“Hmmm…” Frieza hummed. “Now, both of you, watch this VERY closely. Don’t take your eyes off of him.”

Vegeta narrowed his eyes. If this really WAS just as simple as pushing a button, he thought even THOSE two idiots didn’t have to watch THAT closely…

Vegeta felt… Strange being stared at right now. Unusual, since he generally loved attention.

Frieza tapped the tip of the device against Vegeta’s swollen bladder, pushing it into him. Vegeta didn’t know if that part was even necessary, and struggled to keep the grimace of pain off of his face. Why couldn’t Frieza have just TOLD Raditz how to do this and left it at that? Why did he need to ‘demonstrate’ it? And why did VEGETA have to be the one used for that? Why did Raditz and Nappa have to be here to watch this?

Nnnh, once the device worked, Vegeta would feel so much better, his bladder would be emptying, the pressure would be going away. And— And it might feel so good that he sighed or made some other noise, and the other Saiyans— and FRIEZA— would be aware of how much was coming out of him.

The device beeped.

Frieza pulled it away.

Vegeta didn’t feel ANY better. He still had to go, he was still clenching all of his pelvic muscles and BEGGING himself not to squirm.

“Oh, how odd…” Frieza said. “That didn’t work… Vegeta, I should mention that you DO need to relax yourself a little bit…”

How was he supposed to relax under these conditions?! Vegeta didn’t think he knew how to do that NORMALLY!

Frieza mashed the device into him again. Fuuuck, it hurt. His eyes burned, he bit the inside of his cheek, but he held still and waited for the pressure to go away.

“You can’t relax ‘cause your clothes are still up, right Vegeta?” Nappa guessed. “Try it with them off.”

“Sh—Shut up, Nappa!”

“Please hurry…” Raditz whined.

“SHUT UP, RADITZ!” Vegeta couldn’t even CONCENTRATE on trying to relax with those two talking to him!

The device beeped again.

Frieza pulled it away. “Oh dear, I DO wonder what could be making this malfunction… Usually it works just fine! I just can’t think of ANYTHING that might be off…”

Vegeta wanted to be back on the ship. He hated being there, but if he could just find a nice, private spot to let his bladder out…

“I—Is it broken?” Raditz asked, panicked. “I can’t wait much longer! Please, just let me go outside!”

“I’ll try it ONE more time,” Frieza said. And, he prodded the device against Vegeta even harder than he’d done it the last two times.

Vegeta bit back a growl, feeling like he was being cut open. His eyelids spasmed, his feet bounced and, realizing how obvious that was, he snapped “Not so suddenly, you startled me!” That was embarrassing, but not as bad as letting on how full he was.

Frieza dug it in even more. “I apologize, Vegeta… I’m just really trying to get this to work, I don’t think I pushed hard enough before— I was too worried about my strength hurting you.”

Vegeta’s eyelid twitched even more. How… How dare… Frieza was calling him WEAK, right in front of the other Saiyans, while ALL of them were watching with baited breath to see if this machine somehow got rid of Vegeta’s piss for him. Vegeta was going to—

“This is SO strange,” Frieza said. “I just CAN’T figure out what might be interfering with the device… I can’t think of even ONE thing that may be causing a problem…” The machine beeped again, and Frieza pulled it away. “How odd…”

“It’s—“ Vegeta was going to die. He didn’t know if the humiliation or the extreme desperation was going to kill him first, but he WAS going to die. “It’s because I don’t have to piss!” He snapped. “You can’t get piss out of someone who doesn’t need to go! Just— Just use it on Raditz, I’m SURE it will work FINE on him since he’s about to wet himself! I’m done with this stupidity! I—” Oh, FUCK if he didn’t piss soon he was going to go crazy— He coughed, ignoring how his holding muscles spasmed. “I— Think I’m allergic to something on this planet! I must— Must return to the ship now, so that I don’t lose my strength!”

Ugh…. He’d just implied that he COULD lose his strength, he needed to learn how to think through his words more carefully during these situations.

“Very well, Vegeta…” Frieza sighed.

Vegeta stormed from the room, his harsh steps shaking his bladder and making his back scream, but he didn’t care. He just wanted to leave.

As he stomped down the hall, he heard Frieza call, “Just press it against your bladder and hit the button,” as he exited the restroom with Nappa.

So… So… RADITZ was allowed to do it by himself. RADITZ didn’t have to have Frieza do it for him. RADITZ didn’t have to have anyone else in the room. Only VEGETA had needed all of that for some unfathomable reason.

After a few seconds, he heard Raditz start to moan with relief. Oh, and of COURSE, the machine worked PERFECTLY on him! It was just VEGETA that it refused to cooperate for, because of…

Because…

Well, OBVIOUSLY, it hadn’t worked on Vegeta because Vegeta’s bladder was simply too big for it to process! The device couldn’t figure out what to DO with something so enormous and strong, so it short-circuited. CLEARLY that was the only problem, and Frieza should have been able to figure that out!

He rushed out of the building, not saying a word to anyone. He was running, way too fast for his overburdened bladder, but moving at ITS pace would ensure he didn’t get to the ship for another several hours. The running wasn’t making him leak— Of course it wasn’t!— it was just making his muscles screech, his urethra catch fire, and his back feel like it was being dipped in the most corrosive acid in the universe.

But he wasn’t leaking, so he was perfectly fine!

He ran as fast as he could, flinching and grimacing and trying to ignore all the aches, the pull of the planet’s powerful gravity… He finally saw the ship and started to run even faster until he was back inside. Alone, by himself, no one else was even on board yet.

“Where… Where…” he choked out, turning around in circles, holding himself again and jiggling on the spot. He shut his eyes. ‘Stop that, Vegeta! Stop it, right now!’ His body wouldn’t listen, though.

Deciding which direction would get him to a toilet fastest, he took off again. When he came to the door he yanked it open so frantically that he nearly broke it off its hinges. His heart thudded with panic as he barely stopped himself in time. He slammed it shut behind him, threw the lock into place and, still bouncing with his tail pressed against his crotch, he got his zip down. He aimed and put his other hand against the wall to brace himself.

To his dismay, he actually had to STRAIN a bit before he was able to start going, but once it had begun, he just couldn’t stop. Well over a day’s worth of liquid was finally jetting from his tip, leaving him wobbly at the knees with relief. He bit back a moan, but allowed it a second later when he remembered he was the only person on the ship right now. “Ahhhhh….”

He slumped a little, thankful that he’d thought to keep one of his hands against something solid. This felt so good… WHY did it have to feel so good, it was so embarrassing to need to do this at all, let alone ENJOY it so much.

He finished, but then as he was zipping back up, he suddenly felt like he had to go again. Like, he hadn’t just pissed for five minutes straight and was still holding everything back.

What the Hell…?

He started to go again, and he did feel some relief, but it wasn’t as intense as before. Eventually, even as he continued to pee, he ceased to feel any of the pressure dissipating.

Vegeta woke up, finding himself back in his bedroom.

Oh… Oh fuck… How had he not realized that he’d been dreaming? He should have recognized the memory! He should have noticed that he couldn’t sense Frieza’s chi!

He’d pissed in the dream, and he’d FELT a bit of relief while he’d been doing it…

Nervously, he felt between his legs. Still— Still dry. That tiny bit of dampness was probably just sweat! He hadn’t leaked, he hadn’t, not at all—

He still really had to go.

He glanced towards the restroom, seeing light seeping out from beneath the door.

Dammit…

He stood and walked over to it anyway, as quickly as he dared. He told himself to just stand there and wait until Bulma came back out on her own. A few more minutes of discomfort was better than having to announce his need to her.

The shower was so loud, though… He wriggled and did his best to ignore it. It didn’t bother him.

Pssshhhh….

It was bothering him…

One of his hands twitched, reached towards the door. He yanked it back. He caught it making two more attempts before he finally gave in and knocked.

“The door’s unlocked,” Bulma informed.

“I— I know that, but—“ He cleared his throat. “It’s— If you don’t get out of there immediately, I am going to—“

“Wet yourself?” Bulma guessed. She was speaking softly, but not so soft that it was swallowed up by the running water.

How dare she even THINK about teasing him?! “I would NEVER—“

“I know,” Bulma said. “Calm down. Just hang on a minute.”

Vegeta heard the water shut off, a few moments later Bulma had opened the door. She glanced him over for an uncomfortably long second, making his skin itch slightly. He knew he was shaking, he knew his legs were a little too close together… His face warmed.

He awkwardly entered the restroom, shutting the door and reaching to lock it. He stopped himself— He could handle leaving the door unlocked when Bulma was the only one around. He didn’t think Trunks would be up yet.

He reached the toilet and pulled himself out. He was so grateful that humans and Saiyans had similar anatomy. Earth’s toilets had always been perfectly straightforward. That dream had been awful, a perfect replay of what had actually occurred when he’d visited Frieza’s planet. Especially the part where Frieza had tried to get the device to work on him, all those comments he’d made…

Frieza had known.

He’d known there was a problem even before Vegeta had realized it for himself. And, he had been thoroughly entertained by it. That whole thing with the device had been Frieza trying to toy with him and make him as uncomfortable as he could possibly get. That was all he’d been to Frieza, a plaything, never even close to a threat.

He pictured himself confronting Frieza on Namek, declaring that HE would be the one to take him down. He knew now that Frieza had been thinking of all the myriad of ways Vegeta was just pathetic.

He couldn’t pee, and that aggravated him more. He was letting a stupid dream dictate whether or not his body would cooperate with him. A memory from long ago, that shouldn’t have had any relevance to him anymore. Why did it matter so much to him that Frieza had known?

He heard a knock on the door and jumped. “What— What is—“

“Um… I stayed by the door,” Bulma said.

“WHY—“

“Are you having trouble?”

“That’s none of your concern!”

“It’s just me out here, remember?” She paused, and Vegeta heard her pacing. “Uhh… Do you need me to talk to you again?”

“No, of course not!” Vegeta’s chest clenched in on itself. He didn’t want to do that with Bulma a second time. If Kakarot were out there, then maybe he’d request— No. No, he wouldn’t…

“Okay,” Bulma sounded relieved. “But, if you’re having a hard time—“

“I’m not— Just— Just stop— Be quiet!”

“— I was thinking, maybe if you run some warm water over your hand, it might help…”

Vegeta groaned. That was idiotic. He’d learned from Trunks that, apparently, doing that to someone who was asleep would cause them to piss themselves, but he didn’t think it would do anything to someone that was still awake.

The sound of water DID sometimes help, though…

He reached over to turn on the sink. The noise went straight to his bladder and made him shudder. He felt a pinching around his tip, the sensation that usually meant he was about to finally start going. But, after a few seconds, the feeling went away and he hadn’t gotten out a drop.   Beyond frustrated, he removed one of his gloves and stuck that hand beneath the faucet. As soon as the warm liquid hit his skin, his bladder started to squeeze and lurch, and just a couple seconds later the awful pressure began to dissipate as a thick stream jetted out. He pulled his hand out from under the faucet so he could aim better, surprised that this had actually worked.

Good… One more weapon he could use.

*028*2023-11-12 23:01

Written for the Omovember prompt "No One Believes Them."

***

‘Dammit, dammit, dammit!’ Vegeta thought, trying to fly faster. His speed was a double-edged sword at the moment, it was getting him home in record time, but it was also causing the sensation of the wind battering against his body to worsen. And, since it was a bit cold today, the last thing he needed was an icy breeze continually slicing through his full bladder.

The most infuriating part, however, was that the closer he got to home, the worse he needed to go. The knowledge that he’d be getting relief soon made his body desire it even more strongly, his bladder cramping and straining as its walls compressed involuntarily.

Adding to his awful mood was the fact that he had no one to blame for his current discomfort but himself. It was HIS decision to drink so much water after he’d finished training with Kakarot today, and it was HIS choice not to relieve himself before leaving even though he’d already been feeling the need. He’d thought he’d be okay, he’d thought it wouldn’t matter how much he drank since he’d be spending the rest of the day at home. He’d thought he could get there before too much of the fluid made it down to his bladder.

But, he’d been so wrong. Vegeta was just glad he was still able to fly like this… It wasn’t easy, his legs kept wanting to knot up, and it was taking a concentrated effort to prevent that from happening. He was able to keep them from crossing and halting his progress, but he couldn’t stop his knees from rubbing against each other.

Finally, he tried to land gently outside Capsule Corp, but even when he slowly lowered himself, the sudden feeling of his feet hitting the ground was still enough to make him double over and palm his crotch for a moment. He broke into a cold sweat before he quickly forced himself upright, eyes flicking around in paranoia. If ANYONE saw that…

No one appeared to be in his immediate vicinity, and a bit of the ice slid off his chest as he went inside. Almost there… Just had to get to his room now. His bladder strained even more harshly as the familiar sights of home filled his vision. There WERE other restrooms closer to him than the one in his room, of course. If his absolute bastard of a bladder hadn’t decided to make all of them off-limits for him, then he wouldn’t have such a long walk to deal with now.

He wouldn’t bother trying any of the other toilets though. It would be a waste of his time, and he’d risk having someone see him go into the restroom, then listening to him breathing strangely as he failed to piss. He’d rather just endure the desperation for a few extra minutes…

He forced himself to walk down the halls as normally as possible. He wasn’t able to bend his knees very much without upsetting the volatile ball of liquid burning inside him, and he hoped that didn’t make his condition obvious to anyone. He kept his hands clasped behind his back, trying to remove any temptation to grab at himself again. He didn’t need to do that, of course he didn’t, his bladder was under his control and didn’t have to be soothed.

He made it to the living area and began to breathe a little easier. The employees weren’t allowed back here, so fewer people would be able to see him. Glancing around, he seemed to be alone, so he… He permitted one hand to move between his legs— Only for a second! And not because he NEEDED to, just because… Just because he felt like it!

Vegeta let go and resumed his walk, only a little further now, his bladder fizzed and started to throb more tyrannically, and he HATED it. The bloated organ was trying to get ahead of him now, the stupid, suggestible thing recognized how close he was and had decided to amp up the torture in the final few momen—

“Vegeta?” Bulma asked, stepping out from Trunks’s room. She was carrying and folder and had dressed up pretty nicely, her attire almost kind of formal… What was that about? “Where do you think you’re going?”

Vegeta felt his ears heating up. ‘Isn’t that kind of obvious, woman? I just got home, I’m sure you can guess what I want to do now…’

“And you’re still in your armor?” Bulma added.

What else WOULD he be wearing…?

“Ugh, whatever, there’s no time for you to change,” Bulma said.

No time for— What? Fuck, it didn’t matter, Vegeta’s bladder was more important than whatever Bulma was nagging him about. He again started in the direction of their room.

“I said forget it,” Bulma repeated. “Just wear that. It took me so long to find all of Trunks’s old homework that we’re already late— Next weekend I want you to help him clean out his room, you two can train AFTER you’ve— Hey, get back here.”

Vegeta paused. He’d barely even been HALF-listening to any of that. His bladder was a LOT louder than Bulma… Which he supposed was a bit of an impressive accomplishment. “What?”

“We have that meeting with Trunks’s teacher today, REMEMBER?” Bulma prompted, in a tone that suggested she already knew he’d completely forgotten about it.

“Oh, right… That thing,” Vegeta said. “Do I really NEED to be present for—“

“Yes, you do!” Bulma scolded. “You’ve skipped the last three parent-teacher meetings so you could hang around in your gravity chamber. I’m not letting you do it again.”

Vegeta HAD intended to go to the gravity room after he’d emptied his bladder, but if Bulma insisted, then he supposed he could put that off for a little bit. There was one thing that he simply COULDN’T put off much longer, though. “Fine…” He turned in the direction of their room again. “Just a—“

“Oh no,” Bulma said. “Not ‘just a minute’. We are already late, and I know as soon as you get in there, you’re not gonna come out for ages.”

Was she trying to make this more difficult on him? Vegeta’s problem always got worse if he felt rushed! If she wanted him to hurry, then she should just be quiet about it and not acknowledge it at all! She KNEW that.

He felt extremely full, keeping himself from outright squirming in front of Bulma was absurdly challenging at the moment. And he could still feel himself shaking from head to toe with the tension of it all. Even if he hurried, his release WAS going to last a while, he knew that, not to mention the time required to get it started… “S—Seven minutes, at the most,” Vegeta said. “I’ll try t—“

“No,” Bulma said firmly. “We need to leave NOW, you can do that for as long as you want once we get back home.”   Was she serious?! He’d been ready to burst since he GOT here! He couldn’t subject himself to ANOTHER trip outside without draining his bladder first! “But—“

“We’re leaving, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “Hurry up. I PROMISE I won’t bother you for the rest of the day, you’ll be totally uninterrupted.”

Wait… She… Didn’t understand what he was trying to do, did she? She definitely didn’t. The gravity chamber was in the same direction as their bedroom, she thought he was trying to get THERE… It was just a misunderstanding, all he had to do was clear it up and… Explain, out loud, that he desperately had to urinate…

But, he could do that! He could DEFINITELY do that! It was just a few simple words, and he’d used them before, no way could he be intimidated by something so easy! “Bulma, that’s— I— Actually, I— That is to say— I— Uh—“

Or, maybe he could be…

And, that was how he ended up in one of Bulma’s cars, stuck in traffic, and dying to go back home to piss. Vegeta had very few experiences with being caught in traffic jams, since he usually just flew everywhere THAT annoying aspect of living in a big city was seldom inflicted on him. This was the first time he’d ever been imprisoned in wall-to-wall traffic with his bladder filled to capacity, and being TRAPPED like this wasn’t sitting well with him at all. The only thing he could compare it to were the times he’d gotten desperate in his space-pod, and the degree of need he was experiencing now was calling to mind one of the worst moments from his childhood.

He knew his current predicament wouldn’t end THAT badly, there was no way he could explode and drench himself with Bulma RIGHT there, but he was really in agony and all the cars in front of them were enraging him. Fighting not to squirm too blatantly, he tapped his feet and hoped it came across as simple impatience. He’d tucked his hands underneath himself so that they didn’t accidentally find their way between his legs. Fuck, he had to go so bad…

“Can’t these tin cans move any faster?!” Vegeta huffed. “Get the Hell out of the way!”

“Vegeta…” Bulma drummed her fingertips against the steering wheel. “You don’t have to yell.” She was aggravated by the traffic too, it was causing them to be even LATER. It was times like this when she thought all her refusals to learn how to fly had been misguided.

“I’m sick of it,” Vegeta said. “We’re barely moving, and— And THAT idiot just drove straight through a red light, I’m gonna—“

“No,” Bulma cut him off. “Settle down.” Once, a very long time ago, she’d thought about telling Vegeta to go get a license. She was glad that she’d decided against it. His road-rage was severe even when he WASN’T the one driving, if he ever got behind the wheel then Bulma would have to call upon the dragon to fix whatever he ended up doing.

Vegeta shifted around, tugging at the seat-belt around his waist. It had been Hell trying to convince him to bother with it, since the odds of a car crash being enough to really injure him were so small. ‘I know that, Vegeta, but I’ll still get a ticket if you don’t use it, so just put it on.’ She didn’t know why it was irritating him so much, but he just wouldn’t stop fidgeting with it.

He was fidgeting a bit in general, too… His feet kept tapping and he wouldn’t sit still for longer than a second or two.

“What, did you not burn off enough energy with Goku earlier?”

‘No, I just have to piss and this stupid car-rope-thing is wrapped right around my bladder!’ Vegeta thought. ‘What is it with Earthlings and terrible inventions? If you need a strap to hold you in place, why does it have to go THERE?’ He was sweating, the strain of holding back his flood while the asinine belt continually tried to squeeze it out of him was maddening. And, Bulma was paying attention to his squirming now, too. ‘Maybe that’s a good thing,’ he tried to convince himself. ‘She’ll realize and say that you can get out and fly back home.’

“Well?” Bulma asked.

Had she continued talking to him…? What had she just said?! “H—Huh?”

“I said we should be at the school in five minutes,” Bulma sighed. “Can you try to stay calm for THAT long?”

“Yeah, fine…” Vegeta said, glaring out the window and trying to will the traffic to speed up. Not that it mattered, the other cars were just ONE of the many things keeping him from relief at this time. He’d still have to wait through the entire conference with Trunks’s teacher, get BACK home, reach the only toilet he could reliably use—

Panic flooded his synapses and his sweat turned ice-cold as he counted off all the things he needed to get past before he could get rid of all this pressure. He’d already been holding too much in BEFORE Bulma had forced him on this trip. Now that his bladder had had even more time to fill up, more of that water trying to claw its way back out, he was struggling to keep his breathing even. The freezing twitch in his chest was starting to move through other parts of his body. He didn’t know what a parent-teacher conference entailed, but he had a feeling it would involve another person having their eyes on him for a while. Looking at him as he fought this very embarrassing, deeply personal battle.

When the icy sensation began to dip down to his fingertips, chilling them to the bone in spite of his gloves, he gripped a hand over his bouncing knee and tried to speak; “Bulma, I— I need to get out, I have to go back home.”

Bulma heaved a heavy sigh. “We are almost there, Vegeta. I PROMISE this won’t be as horrible as you’re imagining it.”

“But, I—“ ‘I really need to piss, that’s all I have to do!’ He tried to say as much, but… “Bulma, I— Uh, I… I… Forgot something. Important.” There. PLEASE let that work…

“Whatever it is, it can wait until after this.”

‘No, it can’t,” Vegeta thought. “But—“

Bulma pulled off the main road, “Almost there,” she said, quickly turning into the school’s parking lot. “Alright… There we go. No more cars for you to scream at, is that better?”

It… Kind of was. Traffic was so infuriating and Vegeta was glad he kept his encounters with it to a minimum. But, he wasn’t going to really feel better until after he’d finally—

Oh, he could remove the torture device from over his bladder now!

Vegeta quickly unlatched the seat-belt and it was such a relief to have that pressure gone that, for a second, he panicked and thought he’d started to leak. Nothing had come out though. He chastised himself for even THINKING it, of course his bladder wasn’t going to begin spurting out in public, and with Bulma next to him, that was ridiculous! He wouldn’t allow it!

Bulma watched some of Vegeta’s features go slack at the release of the seat-belt, it really HAD been bothering him somehow. Maybe it was too tight and had been pinching him? It was weird to think that a pinch would make him THAT uncomfortable…

Vegeta got out of the car, and cringed as all the relief he’d been feeling evaporated instantaneously. Liquid sloshed against his dam, his tip burning as his urethra flared with pain. Bulma wasn’t looking— He hurriedly mashed a hand against himself and bobbed in place a few times, trying to quell the urge before she got out of the car and saw what he was doing.

He forced the hand away, and tried to still his feet. He managed the first thing, but the second proved itself impossible, so he chose to pace beside the car in the hope that that would be less obvious.

Bulma got out, and he blurted “Bulma, I’m g—going home for a second n—now, I promise I’ll—“

“After how hard it was to GET you here, you think I’ll just let you leave?” Bulma asked. “Vegeta, it’s FINE. Yes, this is going to be kind of boring, but it doesn’t take that long.”

“H—How long?”

“Maybe around an hour?”

Vegeta didn’t think he could handle an hour like this… He could certainly HOLD it for another hour, but NOT without beginning to REALLY squirm, doubling over, crossing his legs, holding himself, ALL of it. Within the next hour, his desperation was going to be BLATANT no matter how hard he tried to hide it. “I’ll only be gone f—for a few minutes— I… Need to… Leave now. For… Reasons…”   He’d used that phrase MANY times before when he needed to pee, and she understood it then. She should get it now, she SHOULD—

“One hour, Vegeta… Come on, do this for me, alright?”

Vegeta followed her into the school, trying to convince himself that he could handle this. He knew that his bladder would remain intact, he had NO fear whatsoever that he’d have an accident. He was, however, EXTREMELY worried about the inevitability that he’d soon be gripping himself and fidgeting around like a child.

‘One hour,’ Vegeta thought. ‘You’ve held it for longer than this before.’ That was true, however he’d drank SO much water at Kakarot’s house, foolishly thinking he’d be close to his restroom for the remainder of the day and free to relieve himself whenever he wanted. His bladder was so stretched out, and he knew MORE fluid would be making its way down before long.

They passed some restrooms on the way to Trunks’s class, and Vegeta’s bladder throbbed mercilessly. And THAT was just making his blood boil. Why did his stupid bladder have to react like that whenever he walked by public restrooms when he had NEVER even TRIED to use one before, and KNEW full-well that he wouldn’t manage to?! It was his bladder’s own fault that the room they’d just walked by was utterly useless, so it had no right spasming like that and just torturing him more!

They reached Trunks’s classroom, and found that it was empty… “Oh,” Bulma said. “His teacher must be somewhere else…”   Vegeta felt one of his eyelids begin to twitch and pulsate, and he tried not to let this provoke his anger too much. He was already so frustrated, it was to the point that he could feel his chi flaring wildly and heat building in his core. If those feelings got pushed much further, he was going to turn into a Super Saiyan. He didn’t know what transforming would do to him right now, he’d never done it with his bladder THIS full before, with nowhere to let it out. He didn’t know if it would be easier to hold his pee as a Super Saiyan thanks to the boost in strength, or harder because of the loss of mental stability.

“So…” Vegeta said, trying to calm the heat flowing through him. It was at war with the icy tendrils wrapped so tautly around his ribs. Combined with his bursting bladder and an absolutely horrid migraine that had suddenly appeared, Vegeta didn’t know if it was possible for him to get much more uncomfortable. “You didn’t have to rush me out the door like that? We WEREN’T going to be late?”

Bulma checked her watch, “No, we ARE pretty late,” she said. “His teacher’s just late too.”

Fine! Great! This was perfectly fine, and Vegeta didn’t want to go find a mountain to blow up at all! He was okay with the events that were currently unfolding!

He was not okay. An hour had already sounded impossible, now he was going to have to wait for this teacher to actually GET here?! No. He wouldn’t tolerate that. He was going to take advantage of this delay, and— “I—If his teacher’s late, then I’m going to just—“

“I’m sure she’ll be here in a few minutes,” Bulma said. “Don’t leave.”

“I need to go home,” Vegeta said, struggling to sound firm in the face of so much unyielding pressure.

“Just be patient.”

“Bulma, no… I mean that I… That I NEED to go home,” Vegeta tried to emphasize.

“Uh-huh, sure…” Bulma rolled her eyes. “This will only take an hour, at most. Then you can go work-out again.”

“That’s not—“ Vegeta gritted his teeth and tapped his foot harshly, his bladder was on fire… “That isn’t— Bulma, I need to go home immediately.”

“One hour,” Bulma repeated. “You won’t lose all your strength, or whatever you’re so afraid of.”

Why wasn’t she getting it?! Wasn’t it obvious?! “I’m not worried about tha— I—“ His bladder throbbed, his length stinging from the pressure. He tensed his thighs. “I’ll be back as soon as possible, Bulma.”

“And Trunks’s teacher will be here any second,” Bulma said. “I promise, you can stay in the gravity room for the rest of the day, this is just one measly little hour.”

Gahhhh! How could she not tell?! If Kakarot were here, he’d have noticed ages ago. He’d have realized it. And, he’d probably… He’d tell her, he’d say the words that Vegeta just couldn’t conjure. “Bulma, I think Vegeta actually just has to use the bathroom really bad,” he’d say. “You should let him leave.”

Dammit, was he seriously wishing that Kakarot were here?! How could he wish for that?! He didn’t need Kakarot! Twisting his ankles around each other, Vegeta clamped his eyes closed, and forced his voice to go as quiet as he could make it, “Bulma, I promise I’ll only be gone for a minute, I just… I have to… I… I REALLY need to relieve myself, alright? It’s very urgent. I have to go home right now.”   There. He’d said it. He’d finally forced those humiliating words out of his mouth. His face burned as he waited for her response, for her to finally say “Oh, is THAT what’s bothering you? You can go, then.”

But, she didn’t say that. Or anything like it. Instead, she just sighed, “One hour, Vegeta. Can’t you just do this for one hour?”

His bladder didn’t have an hour left! It was going to burst! He shook his head, why was she tormenting him like this?! Why was she making him admit to what a horrible situation he was in?! “No, I’m… I’m… Bursting, alright?” There! Was that what she wanted to hear? Why did she need to force such a degrading statement out of him?! Shouldn’t the fact that he’d mentioned his need at ALL have been enough to prove how severe it was?! “It’s…” he couldn’t believe she was making him do this! “Um… It’s… An… Emergency…”

“Stop with the excuses,” Bulma said. “Just be patient. If I have to sit through this thing, then so do you.”

Ex… Excuses…?

…

…

…

WHAT THE HELL?! How could she not think he was serious?! HE was saying it! HE, Vegeta, was admitting, OUT LOUD that he desperately had to piss! That should have made it glaringly OBVIOUS that he meant it! He would NEVER say those words unless he was well and truly dying to go! His bladder had needed to TORTURE that confession out of him, and she somehow thought he was lying?!

“I—It’s not an excuse, Bulma,” Vegeta said, reddening more and feeling himself becoming dangerously frantic— Scarily close to pleading with her. No, please not that… He could NOT be about to beg his wife to let him go home to take a piss because he was so incapable of doing it in public. He could NOT— “I’m serious. I n—never would have said that if I h—hadn’t meant—“

“You’re right,” Bulma said. “You WOULD never say that.”

She didn’t believe him. Specifically because HE’D been the one to say it, and it was so unlike him to admit that he was desperate that it seemed impossible. How could he convince her? Should he grab himself? His body was begging him to, his pride was begging him NOT to… She’d… She’d seen him holding himself before, though. And, for now, when it was just the two of them in the hall…

Shutting his eyes tightly again, since he couldn’t stand to look at himself this way, he pushed his hands against himself and gave in to his bodies demands that he squirm. How dare she make him do this?! In a public place, too! Sure, they were the only ones here, but still!

Bulma watched him fidget. He DID look like he was bursting now, but he hadn’t before. This had come on a little suddenly, awfully convenient too. And, she was sure he’d peed prior to leaving Goku’s place just an hour ago. He never left their home without peeing first, and since he was comfortable relieving himself around Goku, she figured the same rule would apply there. It was impossible for Vegeta to ACTUALLY be this bad off after just an hour. He was fine, he just REALLY didn’t want to sit through this conference.

Bulma couldn’t exactly blame him, either. These things were so tedious.

Vegeta’s eyes widened and he gnashed his teeth together at a familiar, awful sensation. His back was starting to hurt, the ache creeping ever so slowly upwards. Warning pulses told him he had very little time to rid himself of all this liquid before his kidneys were doused in acid and set on fire. “Ah— Bulma, I’m serious! I—“ he lowered his voice, cringing as the words left his mouth, they were causing him actual pain to say. “I— I can’t hold it much longer…”

Bulma watched him squirm exaggeratedly. Vegeta would NEVER actually admit that he could no longer hold his bladder. No, he’d continue to insist that he had it all under control no matter how bad it was. The very second Trunks’s teacher showed up and there was suddenly someone else around to see him fidgeting around like this, she knew Vegeta would ‘miraculously’ be all better.

Vegeta glared at her. He’d— He’d just said the most humiliating thing he could possibly say. Surely THAT should have shown her how serious he was! He wouldn’t confess something so shameful unless he MEANT it and saw no other option! ’Come on, Bulma! Just say I can leave this stupid place!’

After a couple minutes had passed and Bulma hadn’t said anything about his squirming, Vegeta tried to just stop, but found that he couldn’t. Now that he’d started giving his body what it wanted, he was stuck. He couldn’t hold still anymore, and his hands twitched when he forced them away from his crotch. He continued to just step in place for a bit, fighting to cut it out before Trunks’s teacher finally decided to show up.

He was going to end up squirming crazily in front of her. He was going to be swaying from foot to foot, he was going to cross his legs, he was probably going to hold himself again a couple times too. It was going to be SO obvious that he was bursting, and she was going to wonder why. She was going to wonder why the Hell a grown man like him wouldn’t just go use the toilet, and she was probably going to figure it out too.

Some human woman was going to see him humiliate himself and think ‘Oh, Trunks’s father has trouble peeing, doesn’t he?’ She’d either think it was hilarious, or feel overly sympathetic. Neither of which were things Vegeta wanted. And, if he was ever dragged to ANOTHER of these conferences, that would be the one thing Trunks’s teacher remembered about him, not his muscles, not how he spoke, not anything GOOD. Just, the fact that he couldn’t piss. Nothing else. She’d probably think about it any time she saw Trunks, too.

Vegeta was so convinced that all of those things were guaranteed to happen that he desperately scrambled to think of some way to prevent them. Bulma wouldn’t let him go home. She thought that he didn’t actually have to pee specifically BECAUSE he’d admitted that he really had to pee. So, he couldn’t go there. The public restrooms were off-limits, since someone could walk in and—

“B—Bulma,” Vegeta said, refusing to look at her and blushing more than ever. His knees rubbed and his feet bounced and, and— And HOW could she not think he was bursting?! His stomach twisted a little too, he’d spent so much time trying to hide his desperation from her and now all he wanted was for her to notice it! “Um…”

“What?” Bulma rolled her eyes.

“I—If there’s no time f—for me to go home,” Vegeta said. “Could…” Ugh, he couldn’t say it! The request was so mortifying! He should NEVER ask for something like this! Oh, but the alternative would be worse… “Could you… Uh…” Out with it, out with it! “Could you…”

“Vegeta…?” Great, now she sounded all concerned.

But, no, that was a good thing! That was a good thing!

“Could you… CouldYouStandOutsideTheBathroomDoorHereAndMakeSureNoOneComesIn…” THERE. He’d said it. It had come out way too fast, his words slurring together, she had better NOT make him repeat it! He couldn’t do it a second time!

“… What?”

DAMMIT!

“C—Could you… Uh—“

“No, I heard you,” Bulma said. So… So, he DID have to pee, then… He wasn’t just trying to go home and skip this… Maybe he HADN’T relieved himself at Goku’s place after all. And, now she realized, he’d been trying to tell her that in his own, awkward way since before they’d left the house.

Shit… She’d definitely messed up. Forcing him to not only admit that he was desperate, but then ask her for help with it too… She’d embarrassed him to no end, and caused him to hold it to the point of agony. This might even send him backwards on some of his progress, this was awful.

Bulma promised herself then and there that she’d do her best to learn all of Vegeta’s ‘tells’ so that she’d notice whenever he had to go. That was going to be tricky, he tried as hard as he could to keep himself from squirming, only doing so once it got horrifically bad. He did a good job of hiding his desperation until it became severe, by which point there was little to be done for it. She had to figure out what earlier signs, if any, existed for him.

“O—Okay, yeah,” Bulma said. “I’ll do that. I’m sorr—“

She was interrupted by the sound of footsteps. Oh, come on! Trunks’s teacher chose THIS moment to finally show up?! “Sorry for being late,” she said. “Had to get some tests printed.”   “It’s fine,” Bulma said, trying to speak loudly so that the teacher didn’t pick up on Vegeta’s irritated growling.

Vegeta was still fidgeting his legs around, but it was clear he was trying hard to stop it. He’d still his feet for a few seconds, then they’d jerk again and his ankles would cross or rub together. Bulma couldn’t force him to talk to somebody for an hour straight in that condition. He’d be able to hold it, but the embarrassment of his uncontrollable squirming would destroy him. She couldn’t ask for the meeting to be postponed for a bathroom break, or he’d be even MORE humiliated. She could—

“O—Oh, uh…” Bulma looked through the folder of Trunks’s schoolwork, pretending to search for something. “Hey, you know, speaking of tests, there was one Trunks had trouble with, but it looks like I forgot it at home! Vegeta, you’re SO fast, could you go home now and get it? We can start the meeting without you.”

“Y—Yes,” Vegeta said, trying not to sound too grateful. He could feel he was already blushing down to his neck thanks to his uncooperative, tapping feet. He didn’t sprint off immediately, choosing to wait for Bulma and the teacher to head inside the classroom first, so that neither of them had to bear witness to the utterly pathetic way he now had to walk. His feet couldn’t move too far apart from each other, and his knees were even more reluctant to bend than earlier.

He slowly made his way outside, just— Just had to get home, had to—

Ohhhh, PLEASE let him still be able to fly! He focused as hard as he could, having to divide his attention between his chi and his boiling bladder. He was able to begin lifting into the air, but as he did so, he felt his first small leak trickle out and he nearly fell back down again as his concentration shattered in favor of clenching everything in his lower body.

Vegeta managed to stay in the sky, and forced himself to begin moving towards home. His legs kept straining hard against each other, and they crossed a few times as well, slowing him down greatly. He could… He could live with that. He could forgive himself for that. Only being able to fly SLOWLY was worlds better than not being able to fly at all. He fought not to come to a complete stop, certain that if he did, he wouldn’t be able to move again.

Occasionally, he was unable to prevent a hand from moving down to grip at himself, which affected his speed as well. The slow pace was beginning to aggravate him, he was in such an awful hurry thanks to his stupid bladder, and IT was preventing him from moving quickly! His bladder was such a disobedient, little—

He passed over a few parks, and they were… Tempting. The dense smatterings of trees looked an awful lot like relief… But, he was too high up to see if there were any people wandering through them, and the average human’s power level was so small that he wasn’t able to sense it clearly, either. As much as he wanted to land and try to pee NOW, he ignored the trees. If he attempted to go, and discovered that he couldn’t, he might not be able to get back into the air.

No stopping until he was home.

It took him much longer than it usually would, but finally Vegeta had reached Capsule Corp. He leaked once again as he landed. His tension had made it hard to do that gently, and his feet had harshly hit the ground. His bladder felt like it was being bounced, slamming around within him. It was enough to make him nauseas, and it was accompanied by the burning, stinging horror finally sloshing all the way up his back. “Haa—Ahhh—“ He gasped out, holding his sides as if that would somehow staunch the pain.

He went inside and pointedly avoiding looking at anyone as he made his way to the living area as quickly as he dared. Face flushed with embarrassment, he was able to just FEEL the eyes of Capsule Corp’s employee’s staring at him. He huffed beneath his breath; “St— Stupid… Stupid Kakarot… I—If you’re going to test a n—new move on me, a—at least wait f—for me to get ready first!”

He hoped they all fell for that. Kakarot injuring him during a battle was less embarrassing than… Than THIS.

He finally stumbled into the living area, recalling the scene a couple hours ago when his ordeal was SUPPOSED to have been over. If anything stopped him now, he was gonna go completely insane… He could sense Trunks was home, but Trunks couldn’t FORCE him to do anything like Bulma could. Trunks didn’t know that technique. Vegeta was still confused how Bulma had managed to master it without any form of training…

Now that he had solitude, he let both of his hands wrap around his dick and squeeze firmly. Almost there, almost there… He started down the hallway, vision blurring due to all the sweat dripping into his eyes— It was definitely just sweat, he was NOT tearing up from this, no way, it didn’t matter HOW awful the stabs shooting through his lower back were getting…

“Dad, Dad!” Trunks darted out from his room.

Fuck—

“What did my teacher say about m—“ Trunks stopped, he stared at Vegeta for a second, and Vegeta wasn’t sure if any color remained in his face now. He felt himself going so cold all over… Trunks had never seen him this bad off before, he wasn’t SUPPOSED to see him like this, no boy should EVER see his father so—

“Uhhh…” Trunks looked away. “Never mind…” He returned to his room, leaving Vegeta on his own again, and thoroughly embarrassed.

‘Have Shenron erase his memory later,’ Vegeta thought, trying to rush the rest of the way down the hall. He got to his room at last, and his bladder REALLY started to revolt then, it thrashed and surged and squeezed, droplets gathering on his tip. Disobedient fucking piece of— Why did this keep happening? Why did being NEAR the toilet always make everything go haywire at the last second? He was NOT this desperate a moment ago. A moment ago, he felt like he’d explode in two minutes. Now, he felt like he’d explode in two milliseconds.

He got his clothing apart as he entered the restroom, yanking the door shut behind him. Holding himself with one hand, he tried to lock it with the other, but he was shaking SO hard that it wouldn’t work. He couldn’t control the strength of his grip very well, either— Judging from how bad his dick was aching from the tight grasp he had it in— Chances were, he’d finally break the lock if he messed with it much longer.

Fine. Fine. Just leave it unlocked. He was alone. It was okay, he was alone, and— And he was peeing, the material of his glove was getting damp— Shitshit—

He darted to the toilet and aimed his dripping member, a slow, hesitant trickle pouring out of him. He cringed, he was pissing, but he didn’t feel any better. His bladder was still tied in knots, his back was still… Still just being obliterated by the most horrendous flares of acidic burns. He bit back a pained groan, why couldn’t the torture be over yet? He’d gotten here, hadn’t he? He was letting his bladder empty, wasn’t he? Why did it have to keep tormenting him?!

Knowing what would happen if he didn’t, Vegeta forced himself to bear down and lean into the stinging pains that came from his bladder almost-but-not-quite breaking open. He would not allow it to clamp back down completely again, he just wished it would hurry up and burst so that he could feel some relief.

It took nearly half a minute for that to finally happen, for his leaking faucet to turn into a firehose and for his stream to begin flooding out for real. At last, the pressure inside him started to drop, very slowly, but the small decrease in the agony was just amazing compared to what he’d been feeling a second ago. The bitter coils of hurt in his back faded, and that caused him to go so loose that he needed to put a hand against the wall to stabilize himself. Ugh, how embarrassing…

At least no one was around to see him get all weak-kneed like this…

He peed forcefully for around three minutes straight, then it slowly dwindled off, but he knew better than to assume he’d actually drained everything out. He had to push down again for his stream to resume, the muscles controlling his bladder now feeling numb from the brutal workout he hadn’t even intended to give them. It took another two minutes for his stream to die off again, and then he was still letting out short bursts for a few seconds longer.

Once he was confident that he HAD gotten it all out, he put his clothing back together. He hadn’t leaked enough that he needed to change, thankfully. If he did, that would surely linger on his mind for weeks…

He was—

His glove, though… His WHITE glove, that he’d started leaking into— Agh, he couldn’t keep wearing it now, it was probably going to stain—

He quickly went to his night stand and replaced the glove. He’d just have to get rid of the other one.

***

Vegeta returned to the meeting, now able to stand in a way that wasn’t disgraceful. He HAD forgotten that Bulma had told him to bring something back with him, so he just pretended that he hadn’t been able to find the test.

The meeting was absurdly boring. Vegeta felt sorry for Trunks having to sit in this classroom all the time, it must have been miserable. Vegeta barely paid attention, but Trunks must have been doing okay since Bulma was in a good mood once it was over.

Vegeta had a somewhat easier time sitting in traffic on the way home— Bulma had insisted he give her company, and… Maybe he was a little… Grateful to her so he begrudgingly agreed. He was proud of himself that he only shouted at four cars, plus he only threatened to kill ONE of the drivers— The other three he just threatened to horrifically maim!

Bulma was never going to tell him to get a license. The world was not ready for that.

She continued to feel guilt for what she’d accidentally put him through, if she learned how to better recognize his desperation early on, things like that won’t happen again. It was just so surprising to hear him admit that he was bursting in public that she thought he HAD to be trying to manipulate her… It was so unlike him…

It hit her then. He’d done something else surprising today, something else that she would never expect. He’d asked her for help. And he’d expressed that he was actually willing to try using a public bathroom. And, while he hadn’t gotten the chance to follow through on that, just the idea that he’d been prepared to give it a shot…

Maybe he WAS making some progress.

*029*2023-11-20 21:14

Written for the Omovember prompt "Body Swap".

***

Vegeta had gotten talked into fusing with Kakarot again. He hadn’t even protested it that much. Trunks and Goten wanted to fight their fathers while fused, and… Vegeta didn’t know WHY, but it was kind of hard for him to say ‘no’ to Trunks. There was something in him that always wanted to give in.

So, he and Kakarot had formed Gogeta and the kids had formed Gotenks, and it was… Kind of enjoyable. Vegeta knew he’d made Trunks happy at least…

Goten and Trunks broke apart first and then flew off to go play some game together.

Really, there weren’t any problems until Vegeta and Kakarot UN-fused. But, the problem that arose was, quite possibly, one of the worst things Vegeta could imagine.

For the first few seconds, Vegeta was just confused. Something felt weird. That was the only way to describe it. He was always slightly dizzy after he and Kakarot unfused, but this time it was so much more intense, and he felt heavier than usual. Only slightly, but enough to be noticeable.

He reached a hand up to rub his forehead, and—

Where had his gloves gone? He’d had them on BEFORE they’d fused, they should have still been on his— Why was he wearing Kakarot’s wrist-bands? What—

“Vegeta?!” Kakarot exclaimed, but it hadn’t sounded like Kakarot’s usual, annoying voice.

“What is it, Ka—“ Vegeta stopped, clamping a hand over his mouth. THAT had sounded like Kakarot…

“What happened?” Kakarot asked. “Why do I feel shorter— Why do you look like me?”

“Kakarot, what did you do?!” Vegeta demanded, glaring at— Well, it LOOKED like himself, but he knew it wasn’t.

“I didn’t do it!” Kakarot said. “We unfused like always, and I guess— I guess something got messed up.”

“It sure did!” Vegeta snapped. “What’s Bulma going to say when I come home looking like THIS?”

“… ‘Hi, Goku’?” Kakarot guessed.

Vegeta scowled. The expression probably looked odd on Kakarot’s face. “Well, obviously we’re gonna have to fix this somehow.”

“Wanna fuse again?” Kakarot asked. “Maybe this time it will work like it’s supposed to.”

Vegeta didn’t WANT to fuse, but he agreed to give that a try anyway. Unfortunately, swapping bodies had decimated their coordination. Having to adjust to a change in height was the biggest problem, they couldn’t line themselves up correctly, the muscle-memory they’d gained from past fusion attempts was gone.

“Dammit,” Vegeta huffed. His discomfort was almost unbearable. He hadn’t noticed how at-home he felt in his own skin until the feeling was suddenly gone. Everything felt out of place, almost right but not quite. It was uncanny and unsettling. His chi was even concentrated slightly differently than what he was accustomed to.

For the tiniest second, Vegeta thought about finding out if he now had access to all of Kakarot’s abilities. Maybe he could teleport now, or turn into a Super Saiyan 3, that would feel better— That might make up for all of this a little…

“Vegeta…” Kakarot said. “I think I know how we can switch back.”

Oh, right… The WORST part was how Kakarot was now in HIS body. So, if Kakarot did something stupid and someone was around to watch, they’d see Vegeta doing it. He couldn’t trust Kakarot not to humiliate him, even completely accidentally. “How?”

“I bet the dragon can fix this,” Kakarot told him. “And, we already have all the balls.”

“Bulma has them,” Vegeta corrected. “She only wants them used if it’s an emergency.”

Kakarot looked down at himself, “This doesn’t count?”

“It DOES, but do you honestly think Bulma will believe us if we tell her about this?” Vegeta asked. “We’ll just have to sneak them out— I know where she probably hid them, and I have the code to the safe, so—“

“Great,” Kakarot said. “Just tell me the code, and I’ll go—“

“I’m not telling YOU,” Vegeta said. “I’LL get the balls, you just—“

“But, won’t it look better if I do it?” Kakarot asked. “‘Cause of how I look like you now?”

“Bulma would be furious if I told you the code,” Vegeta admitted. “The safe is where her father keeps his research. You… Uh… You… Go to my house, and… Bulma wanted to go to the mall or something today, if you offer to do that with her, you’ll be able to keep her distracted and out of the house for a bit while I get the dragon balls and fix this whole mess.”

“Aw, but shopping with Bulma is—“

“I KNOW,” Vegeta said. “It isn’t very exciting…” Well, SOMETIMES it was, depending on what she tried on. Hopefully she wouldn’t change into anything too provocative today though.

Speaking of—

“Oh, great, that’s right… It’s Saturday,” Vegeta said.

“… So?”

“So… So… Uh… This SHOULD be fixed by tonight, but in case it isn’t, you need to tell Bulma that you have a massive headache.”

“Huh? Why?”

“Because if you don’t, I’ll kick you in the dick so hard that Goten will feel it.”

“What for?!” Kakarot whined. “You aren’t making any sense!”

“Just— Just do as I say, alright?” Vegeta commanded. “And— While you’re at the mall with her—ANY time you’re around other people today, DON’T do anything to— Just don’t act like yourself, can you do that?”

“‘Cause then people will know we switched?” Kakarot asked. “Wouldn’t that be a good thing? They’d be able to help us—“

“No,” Vegeta huffed. “THAT wouldn’t be anyone’s first thought— I just— Do NOT embarrass me today, Kakarot. Don’t do anything idiotic or shameless, or ask stupid questions, or dress me up in something ridiculous, or— You need to pretend that you are me today, and just do EXACTLY what I’d do. Can you handle that?”

“Yeah,” Goku said, lowering his voice and trying to make it sound rougher. “I know you really well. I can do that.”

“You… You DON’T have to do an impression, you already have my voice.”

“Oh, right.”

Vegeta glanced around himself uncomfortably. “You have one job today, Kakarot. You’d better do it properly.”

“‘Don’t embarrass Vegeta,’” Kakarot recited. “I promise, I won’t!”

Vegeta hoped he could trust that promise… “You’d better n—“ Vegeta stopped and came to the deeply, DEEPLY unfortunate realization that he had to pee. Then, to the even worse realization that he had to do it really badly.

He hadn’t even thought about this factor. Since he had Kakarot’s body, that meant he had Kakarot’s inferior bladder, which was significantly smaller than what he was used to. And now he had to deal with it.

“Dammit…” he muttered.

“What?”

“Now, thanks to you, I have a bladder the size of a thimble.”

“It’s not THAT small…” Kakarot said.

“Bullshit,” Vegeta said. “Honestly, I’m shocked that you’ve never wet yourself during a fight before…”

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “Well, actually— Hey, maybe this trick will help you with your problem!”

“What?” Vegeta asked, skeptical.

“If you pee while you’re powering up, it’ll all evaporate right away and nobody will be able to tell!”

“… Kakarot, why?”

“It’s hard to fight when I have to—“

“I didn’t mean ‘why do you do that’, I meant ‘why the Hell would you tell me about it’?!”

“‘Cause, like I said, I thought you might want to try it in case it helps with your problem.”

“You thought you could suggest that I deliberately wet myself, and that I wouldn’t immediately punch you in the face?”

Kakarot rubbed the back of his neck, “Er… Well, you’d be punching YOUR face…”

Vegeta stared for a moment. “Dammit…” He turned away from Kakarot, trying to ignore the burgeoning pressure in his bladder. It wasn’t working, he was filling up so much faster than he was used to, and the startling increase in his need was making him squirm from side to side.

“If you have to pee, just go ahead and do it. I pee out here all the time,” Goku reminded.

“I’m aware…” Vegeta recalled his earlier thoughts about whether or not he now possessed all of Kakarot’s abilities. Now, he was less focused on seeing if he could turn Super Saiyan 3 or teleport, and more focused on if he could simply relieve himself without a second thought like his rival could. That, he had to admit, was likely the ability of Kakarot’s that he envied the most.

“And, you’re me now, remember? If I have to act like you, you need to act like me.”

Perhaps, even if Vegeta didn’t just inherit Kakarot’s powers by switching bodies with him, he might STILL find that his problem was gone. If he relieved himself openly somewhere, no one would see Vegeta debasing and humiliating himself, they’d just see Kakarot being a shameless idiot like always.

Why should he feel embarrassed peeing in public if it would technically be Kakarot doing it, and Kakarot already did it all the time? People expected Kakarot to do it.

Vegeta turned towards the bushes and reached to—

Right… Kakarot’s body.

If Vegeta wanted to pee, then he was going to have to move Kakarot’s clothing aside and… See things, and… touch…

It wasn’t like he’d never seen a dick before, even ones that weren’t his own. He had… maybe ‘experimented’ once or twice when he was younger. It didn’t go far, but he hadn’t found it entirely unpleasant, either. However, this was KAKAROT’S body, specifically!

“Vegeta…?” Kakarot asked. “The tie on my belt’s real easy to get apart, I’ll show y—“

“That’s not— That isn’t the problem!”

“Then, what is?”

“It’s… You… You realize I’m going to have to… Look at it, right?”

“Look at what?”

“… Are you a moron?”

“Well, it’s just a wiener,” Kakarot said. “You’ve seen wieners before. What’s so bad about a wiener?”

“I can live without seeing YOURS, and stop saying wiener!”

“I don’t mind if you see it. Nothing you can do about it, right?”

“I mind!”

“I’m probably gonna have to see yours too,” Kakarot pointed out. “Bulma makes you take a bath every day, right?”

“That makes it worse!” Vegeta did not authorize that! Kakarot had to keep his eyes and hands to himself, regardless of the odd circumstance they were in! “And she doesn’t MAKE me. Unlike YOU, I can wash myself without someone reminding me!”

His bladder spasmed harshly— Dammit! It had only been a few minutes since he’d first noticed the urge, and it was already getting critical. He crossed his ankles and tried to ignore it. “I’ll— I’ll hold it until we swap back.”

“I can’t wait that long!” Kakarot said, alarmed.

“Yes you can, you have MY bladder, so you can wait for two days!”

“No— I meant… I meant YOU can’t, when you’re ME, because of how I can’t—“ Kakarot frowned. “This is confusing, Vegeta!”

Vegeta felt like he did when he’d already been holding it for a day… He felt full, bloated and on-edge. He had to keep tensing up his thighs and rocking from side to side. Kakarot needed to train his bladder, Vegeta could FEEL how weak and fragile it was. It was so unlike the nearly indestructible barrel that he was used to holding, enduring the pain of keeping it in, but almost always certain that it couldn’t burst. With Kakarot’s body, it was like no matter how taut he tried to pull his muscles, his bladder could always push past it and continue its convulsive throbbing.

“If you wet yourself, you’re gonna have to take off ALL my clothes to change them,” Kakarot said.

“I would NEVER—“

“Yes, but, I WOULD,” Kakarot insisted. “You KNOW that I can’t hold it like you can.”

“Maybe I’ll toughen up your bladder some while I’m in here,” Vegeta suggested, knees rubbing as his need spiked dramatically once more. He felt like there was no more room left inside his body, all of it flooded with liquid. “Y—You could use tha—“ Another violent spasm tore through him, and he felt his crotch grow warm for a second. Embarrassed and startled, his hands flew between his legs and he squeezed himself tightly to keep anything else from seeping forth.

“Well… You’re touching it NOW…” Kakarot stated.

“Sh—Shut up…” Vegeta growled, turning away from him. “This is YOUR fault for not training your bladder properly.” With shaking hands, he untied Kakarot’s belt. Gah, why did it have to be Kakarot? For some reason, he didn’t think this would be as uncomfortable with… Krillin, or… Someone. Anyone who wasn’t Kakarot.

He forced himself to lower his pants a bit, hoping that maybe he could get away with not actually aiming. His eyes were still shut, and he couldn’t pee. He had NOT obtained Kakarot’s ability to relieve himself with ease.

“Vegeta, you’re too tense,” Kakarot said, standing beside him.

Vegeta tried to shield himself with one hand, “What are you looking at?!“

“… I’ve kinda seen it a lot of times already…”

“… Habit…” Vegeta huffed, moving the hand away. His eyes opened and he glanced down. Naturally, his first instinct was to compare the size of Kakarot’s member to that of his own. He thought they were about the same, which was somewhat disappointing. He didn’t think it was possible for any more heat to gather in his face. “This… This is the most awkward moment of my life.”

“It doesn’t HAVE to be,” Kakarot said. “It’s just a body part. When I was little I barely even understood why people wore clothes to start with… Would it be better if I aimed it?”

“Using MY hands? And— I’d feel you touchi— No, that would be even worse!” Vegeta made himself aim, it felt… So weird. He couldn’t forget that this wasn’t his body, that he was now getting far more intimate with Kakarot than he’d ever been with most people— With anyone. He’d never had to perform any of Bulma’s bodily functions FOR her. He didn’t understand why this wasn’t making Kakarot feel strange too.

“How about you just shut your eyes again, then?” Kakarot asked. “Pretend you’re in your own body still? If you get pee on my shoes, that’s okay.”

“That isn’t the sort of thing you should be ‘okay’ with Kakarot,” Vegeta said, clamping his eyes closed anyway. “NONE of this is.”

“But, I AM okay with it,” Kakarot said. “I’d rather you do this than make me have an accident.”

“I wouldn’t—“

“I know you wouldn’t normally,” Kakarot agreed. “It’s just that… My bladder’s so tiny and weak compared to yours. You’re right, I haven’t trained it at all, so I’m sorry you’ve gotta deal with it n—“

Vegeta started to piss. Apparently, that stupid ‘trick’ of Kakarot’s worked on him even if it wasn’t HIS bladder he was dealing with. The lessening of his desperation felt as good as ever, but it didn’t last anywhere near as long as what he was used to. He’d felt like he was gonna burst, and then he was done after only about forty seconds.

It felt weird not taking several minutes to fully empty himself.

He finished, then turned back to Kakarot. It was so unsettling looking at his own body from the outside like this. He had to glance down slightly to meet Kakarot’s eyes, and he didn’t appreciate this NEW reminder of how much taller Kakarot was than him. Kakarot was literally always looking down on him…

“Vegeta…?” Kakarot asked. “Are you alright? I mean, I KNOW you must have finished, that was definitely the limit of how much I can fit in there—“

Vegeta shook his head. “It’s nothing,” he said. “Let’s just go to—“

His ears picked up on something, and he realized it was Chi-Chi calling for Kakarot. “Ugh, go see what SHE wants first, I guess.”

“Er… Vegeta, YOU’RE gonna have to do that this time, remember?”

“Oh, right…” Vegeta said. “You— You go ahead and leave, I’ll catch up later.”

***

It was harder to fly in Vegeta’s body. His chi felt different than what Goku was used to. His energy was mainly concentrated in his chest, not around the stomach like Goku’s was. And it felt edgier, rougher and just kind of… Solid and tense. It was harder to control, because it didn’t want to just flow around his body, choosing instead to bunch up into solid blocks.

Goku wondered if that was related to the ‘anxiety’ thingy Bulma said Vegeta had. Goku sure wasn’t used to everything being so tense. He could feel that his shoulder and neck muscles were really tight. That didn’t usually happen unless it was during a battle, but it seemed Vegeta felt that way all the time.

Goku KNEW Vegeta was kind of rigid, that was obvious in the way he usually stood, always completely straight, no slouching of any kind. Goku hadn’t ever thought about how that would feel, never allowing anything to relax even for a second. Vegeta was probably used to all the little knots of stress his body had, he probably didn’t even notice them anymore.

Goku landed outside Capsule Corp and rubbed his shoulders, stretching them a little, trying to see if he could work out a couple of those knots. He thought Vegeta might appreciate that after they’d switched back.

He entered the building and searched around for Bulma. He found her in one of the labs. “Hey, Bulma, wanna go—“ He stopped, reminding himself to act like Vegeta. “Woman, do you still wish for me to a-comp-nanny you to that in-fur-nail ‘mall’ you Earthlings pointlessly constructed?” He hoped that sounded right… Vegeta used big words that were hard to say sometimes!

“… Yes, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “Er, did you bite your tongue earlier or something?”

Goku decided that was a decent excuse for mispronouncing things, so he nodded. “Yes, and— And now I’m going to complain about it for at least ten minutes, and find SOME way to blame Kakarot for it!” He felt proud of himself. He was SO good at imitating Vegeta, and it was kind of fun!

“Well… Before you do that, you should take a shower. I’m sure you’re drenched in sweat after training with Goku.”

Goku paused. Earlier, he’d gleaned Vegeta didn’t mind taking baths, but he definitely WOULD mind Goku GIVING him one. “Uh—“

“And,” Bulma lowered her voice, confusing Goku at first. “Make sure you drink your water now, too. I left the bottle in the usual spot.”

Okay, yeah, that made sense. Vegeta would dehydrate himself because of his problem, and Bulma would have to force him to drink so that he’d stay healthy. But, how did Vegeta usually respond to these ‘reminders’?

“… Must I?” Goku asked. “We are… Leaving the house…”

“You’ll be fine,” Bulma promised. “It’s not that far away, you know that.”

“Alright,” Goku said. He went up to Bulma and Vegeta’s bedroom, spotting a very large bottle of water on the nightstand. It was mostly full… Bulma made Vegeta drink ALL that? No wonder he always peed for five minutes straight!

He was surprised Bulma would encourage Vegeta to drink THIS much before leaving home, when she was fully aware of how problematic that could get for him. She was likely also aware of how large Vegeta’s bladder was though— It was way bigger than Goku’s, so maybe it took him more than just that big jug to get full…

Goku drank it, just as Bulma had instructed. At first, guzzling it felt good since he was pretty thirsty, but after he’d gotten about half of it down, his stomach was hurting and he had to force himself to finish.

Okay, time for the shower. He stepped into the restroom. He knew Vegeta didn’t want him to do this… He decided he wouldn’t mention this part to him later. And, even though Bulma wanted him to get completely washed up, he wouldn’t scrub everywhere.

He set about removing Vegeta’s clothing. He was glad he’d worn Saiyan armor a few times before, so he already knew how to get it off. He tried NOT to look at himself naked too much. It didn’t bother him, but obviously Vegeta felt really strange about this aspect of their situation.

He turned on the shower, got in and, wooow, it was so warm… It felt really good, especially on all those tense knots he’d been bothered by earlier. At home, if Goku wanted a really warm bath, they had to make a fire, this was so much easier.

***

Before Vegeta could leave, Chi-Chi made him help her out in the kitchen a little. It wasn’t SO bad, if he hadn’t been in such a rush to go get the dragon balls, he wouldn’t have minded it too much. It did get a little irritating when Chi-Chi started asking him to grab things from the top shelves.

Vegeta hadn’t realized how ingrained his own habits were. If he had to get something that was high up, that usually meant he’d have to levitate off the floor a little bit. His height was… A source of disappointment for him. Being able to fly certainly made it easy to IGNORE, but when he had to start floating before he could reach something Kakarot could grab easily, flying just served as a reminder of how irritatingly short he was.

So then, he probably should have REALIZED that being in Kakarot’s body meant he was taller, and didn’t NEED to levitate to reach a high shelf. But, he was just too USED to doing that, and managed to hit his head on the ceiling.

“Goku, what are you doing?” Chi-Chi asked.

Vegeta lowered himself, able to obtain the item she wanted just fine while on the ground. “I dunno, I’m being stupid,” he said. That was likely how he’d answer most questions until he and Kakarot got switched back. Generally, it was a good answer as to why Kakarot would do something.

“… Okay…” Chi-Chi said.

Vegeta watched her cook for a bit. He wouldn’t tell a soul, but Kakarot’s wife seemed to be a much better chef than his own. She also appeared to actually ENJOY doing it, unlike Bulma.

Dammit… Vegeta had to pee again. The pressure was noticeably urgent too. How could he need to pee THIS badly again already? It hadn’t even been that long! Kakarot’s bladder was so tiny and annoying!

He turned around to leave.

“Goku, hang on, I might still need you to reach something for me,” Chi-Chi said.

If he’d been in his own body, he’d either snap back at her and storm off, or he’d force himself to stay put and hold it. He absolutely WOULDN’T admit that he was leaving because he needed to use the bathroom.

But, that WAS what Kakarot would do…

“I… Uh…” Vegeta’s voice hitched. ‘You are Kakarot,’ he thought. ‘Act like it.’ Feeling his face heat up with embarrassment anyway, Vegeta said “But, I need to pee really bad, and I don’t think I can hold it!” Gaaaaaaahhh, those words! They were so—

“Fine…” Chi-Chi sighed. “Hurry back.”

“O—Okay…” Vegeta said, slowly leaving the kitchen. He made it to the restroom and, groaning, forced himself to undo Kakarot’s clothing again.

Vegeta didn’t struggle that much getting his stream started. He reminded himself that he looked like Kakarot, and that the door was shut anyway. It was also a bit less awkward touching Kakarot’s… thing the second time around.

Goten burst into the room, “Hey, Dad, can I—“

“Wha—?!” Vegeta jumped back and hurriedly fixed his clothes. “H—Haven’t you ever heard of knocking?!”

Goten looked away, “Well, you never minded before…”

“It’s… It’s fine, you just surprised me,” Vegeta said. “What do you want?”

“Trunks went back home,” Goten said. “I wanted to go with him, but I’m supposed to ask first.”

“Alright,” Vegeta said. “I was going there anyway, you can come along.”

Goten smiled, “R—Really? You’re not gonna make me ask Mom too?”

Was he supposed to do that? Was Chi-Chi going to be angry?

Whatever, that would be Kakarot’s problem to deal with.

***

“Vegeta!” Bulma yelled, pounding on the bathroom door. “How long are you going to shower for?! We have to leave soon!”

Goku blinked himself out of his trance. He hadn’t realized he’d been standing in here for so long. It was just that the water here was so warm, way better than it was at his house. It felt good…

“J—Just a minute!” Goku called back. He got out of the shower and opened the door.

Bulma stared at him for a long moment. She was blushing for some reason. “Vegeta, no… I know how training sometimes gets you ‘worked up’, but not now. We’re going out, remember?”

“What do you—“ Goku looked down. “O—Oh, I forgot a towel.”

While Goku put on another set of Vegeta’s armor, he heard Bulma ask; “Have you done EVERYTHING you need to do before we leave?”

Goku left the restroom, now actually clothed. Had Bulma given Vegeta some kind of chore this morning…? “I think so.”

“Alright,” Bulma said. “I know you don’t like being reminded, but I DO have to worry sometimes…”

Yeah. Vegeta probably forgot to do stuff around the house all the time, Goku figured.

“Come on, then.”

***

Vegeta landed outside Capsule Corp with Goten. “Here we are, kid! Hope you have lots of fun,” he said. It was exhausting to try to sound so cheery, he didn’t know how Kakarot managed it.

As Goten ran off to find Trunks, Vegeta headed for the safe. He just had to grab the dragon balls and all of this discomfort would be over. He didn’t pass Kakarot or Bulma along the way, which meant they must have left for the mall already. Dread churned in his stomach, he was still certain that Kakarot would find some way to humiliate him, in spite of all the warnings he’d been given.

He reached the safe, punched in the code and opened it to find—

The balls weren’t there.

Vegeta groaned.

Fine. Fine. This was… Fine. He didn’t have to tear the house apart from top to bottom searching for them, he’d just get the radar and use that to locate them instead. No problem. It was fine.

He… Sort of had to pee again, but that could wait until AFTER he had the balls. Kakarot’s bladder couldn’t be SO tiny that it couldn’t handle a few more minutes of waiting.

***

Partway to the mall, Goku was made aware of a thudding pressure in his midsection. The water he’d consumed was beginning to work its way down to his bladder. It was uncomfortable, a kind of bloated, tingling feeling that made him walk with his legs a little closer together.

Bulma was talking to him about Trunks’s schoolwork, and he responded every so often. Since Vegeta had never TALKED to him about how Trunks was doing at school, his replies were pretty generic. He doubted Vegeta paid a ton of attention to that kind of stuff anyway, so it didn’t matter that he had no idea what Bulma was referring to half the time.

His bladder throbbed a little bit, kind of sharply too. He hoped they got to the mall soon, he really wanted to pee! He was getting worried that he might have a difficult time making it.

But, he reminded himself, he had Vegeta’s bladder now, it could hold a lot more than what he was used to, so he’d definitely be able to keep it under control until he was at the—

He… He had Vegeta’s bladder, and Vegeta’s bladder didn’t WORK in public restrooms. Goku wasn’t sure if that would still be the case when HE was the one in Vegeta’s body; Vegeta’s problem seemed to have more to do with his brain than his bladder, after all. But, Goku was still under very strict orders to ACT like Vegeta would.

Goku was going to have to hold it.

***

“Where the Hell is it?!” Vegeta growled as he went through all the drawers in Bulma’s dresser, unable to find the dragon radar. “This is where she always leaves it! Why would she put it somewhere else all of the sudden?!” Frustrated, he shut the final drawer and groaned as he turned around.   He was kind of thirsty. He knew his water bottle would be on the nightstand, like alwa—

It was empty.

It had been mostly full that morning when he’d left.

Did Kakarot drink the entire thing?! Why the Hell would he do that?! Vegeta had a VERY strict schedule with regards to his water consumption, the majority of it was to be saved for the evening when he was HOME and could… expel it properly!

He would never, EVER, not in a million years, drink ALL of it right before leaving the house. Kakarot should have been able to figure that out!

If… If Kakarot didn’t, at the very least, remember to PISS before leaving with Bulma…

Vegeta had to hurry up and find the damn dragon radar.

Maybe Bulma had brought it to the lab for some reason, he’d check there next. He hurried from the room, down several halls and into Bulma’s lab. He wasn’t supposed to touch anything in here— And that rule probably went DOUBLE for Kakarot, but this was the only other place he thought the radar could be.

He searched for a while, but when he had to kneel down to pull open a drawer, his bladder sent him such a painful throbbing jolt that he had to spring right back up. ‘Dammit, Kakarot…’ he thought. ‘Did you drink a whole lake before we fused or something?’

After a few cringing bounces, which only amplified his need rather than lessening it, Vegeta accepted that he needed to take a break. Kakarot’s bladder was too small, he could barely hold it for any time at all before it started getting annoying.

He left the lab and was about to go back to his bedroom, but… If anyone saw him use one of the other restrooms, they’d just think he was Kakarot. And, it would look weird if Kakarot kept going into the private areas of the house.

It took Vegeta a second to actually REMEMBER where the closest restroom was. The majority of them were unusable to him normally, so he’d never had a reason to memorize their locations.

He found one soon enough, bladder cramping at the sight of the door. He’d never gone inside this room before in all the years he’d lived here. This one was in the middle of a long hallway, that saw plenty of traffic from Capsule Corp’s employees throughout the day. Lots of people who would see him entering and exiting, or hear him peeing— Or hear him STRUGGLING to pee…

But, he was Kakarot now, Kakarot could piss anywhere. Kakarot was shameless. Kakarot didn’t have those annoying feelings when he imagined someone thinking about him peeing.

Vegeta pushed open the door. He locked it behind himself. He knew Kakarot probably wouldn’t bother, but he still didn’t feel right without it.

He stood in front of the toilet and… Nnnh, so awkward! He aimed, shut his eyes, and reminded himself that he was Kakarot, and that Kakarot couldn’t feel shame.

His bladder loosened up quickly and, for the first time ever, Vegeta was peeing while people milled around just outside the door. Well, Kakarot was, technically. The only reason he could do this now was because he was Kakarot, and Kakarot had an ability that Vegeta would envy until the end of time. Now that he’d experienced for himself how simple and easy it could be, he was beyond jealous.

He finished, put Kakarot’s clothes back together, and left the room. He saw people walking down the hall, people who may have overheard him going. The cold, itchy feeling appeared for a second then, but vanished just as fast. He was Kakarot, Kakarot didn’t get embarrassed.

***

They’d been at the mall for a couple hours now, and Goku was dying. He wanted a bathroom break so badly that his head was spinning. He kept crossing his legs, which made it hard to walk. Bulma kept dragging him into a seemingly endless array of stores, and he could barely focus on any of her questions.

Not that he’d have a decent answer to which color dress looked better even if he WAS able to think straight.

Goku sat and watched as Bulma tried on various outfits, wriggling more and more and wondering why she hadn’t noticed his distress yet. “Goku, did you seriously forget to use the bathroom before we left again?” He imagined her asking, just like she had tons of times when he was a kid.

But, she never said anything about his discomfort, and when they finally left that store, Goku struggled not to trip over himself.

They walked on.

“Bulma—“ Goku exclaimed, stopping suddenly, eyes fixed onto a sign indicating where the restrooms were. “I really gotta—“ He froze, having to remind himself AGAIN that he was Vegeta now. He had to act like Vegeta. Vegeta couldn’t pee in public bathrooms, and he also wouldn’t ever announce his need for one so loudly.

“Huh?” Bulma asked. “What’s wrong?”

“N—Nothing,” Goku said.

Bulma looked him over. “Are you feeling okay…? You’re kind of pale.”

“I’m fine,” Goku said.

“Did you drink your water like I told you to?” Bulma raised her brows.

“Yes.”

“It might be time for some more,” Bulma said. “Remember, we’re trying to shoot for four liters a day now.”

Ahhhh, how much had he had to drink earlier? How much was in a liter?

Goku didn’t want to drink anything until he figured out how to deal with what was already inside him. What would VEGETA say…? “W—Woman, I’m not even a little bit thirsty, and I refuse to follow orders from the likes of you!”

Bulma glared and folded her arms. “And just WHO do you think you’re talking to?! Speak to me like THAT again and I might make you drink even more.”

Goku stilled. Right… That was how Vegeta talked to HIM all the time, but clearly he was a little less… Growly and shouty with Bulma. Goku didn’t know how Vegeta acted when he and Bulma were alone. This was going to be way harder than he’d thought…

‘Okay, Vegeta must have a soft-side— You KNOW he does, you’ve seen it sometimes before. I bet it comes out more if it’s just him and Bulma… Let’s try that.’

“I’m sorry, sweetie,” Goku said, repeating one of the things Chi-Chi sometimes said to him. “I didn’t mean to snap at you.”

“… ‘Sweetie’?” Bulma repeated, raising a brow. “Er… Vegeta, are you sure you’re okay? You’re acting very strange.”

“I—I’m fine,” Goku said again. His eyes flicked to the restroom doors again, then back to Bulma. “I… Uh… I hit my head really hard when I was training with Gok— With Kakarot earlier, so maybe that’s why I’m—“

“Then you DEFINITELY need to sit down and have some water,” Bulma decided.

“But, I—“ Goku cut himself off. He had ONE job today; Don’t embarrass Vegeta. It was a simple one, but he’d mess it up if he finished that statement. He couldn’t picture Vegeta saying “But I’ll definitely wet myself if I drink anything, I’ve needed to pee for hours and I can’t hold it anymore!”

Bulma took him to a table in the food court and had him sit down. Immediately, Goku was bouncing his legs and crossing them— In public. Vegeta would NEVER— ‘Don’t embarrass Vegeta,’ Goku ordered himself, and he tried to still his jiggling feet and inch his knees out until they formed the angle they would have if he weren’t dying to pee.

Bulma finally noticed his wriggling. “Oh…” she said. Then, she lowered her voice until she was speaking much more quietly than Goku had ever heard. “Vegeta, do you need to go home for a second?”

Goku didn’t think he could fly right now. Vegeta was GOOD at flying when he had to pee, but Goku really couldn’t do it. His bladder weighed him down too badly, and holding Vegeta’s bladder felt so much more intense! He’d never manage to stay in the air.

Vegeta would never admit to Bulma that he needed to pee too badly to fly…

“I… I will be fine, so long as I don’t drink anything else,” he decided.

Now Bulma’s hand was on his shoulder, and the tone she was using was new to him. “It’s okay if you want to go home— I’m not gonna push you today. I’ll just wait here.”

Vegeta would HATE being spoken to like this, wouldn’t he? He’d yell, he’d protest, he’d snap that he didn’t need to be coddled.

Goku didn’t WANT to shout at Bulma. Plus, it would make a scene, ensuring he DID end up embarrassing Vegeta in public. Without realizing it, he’d begun to squirm more blatantly again.

Goku didn’t understand how Vegeta could feel pressure like this all the time, and barely show any distress beyond his twitching shivers. Goku felt like he was going to explode— Literally. It was causing him actual pain. He felt his eyes burning— Vegeta wouldn’t tear up over this, right? It would humiliate him.

“Did you forget to go before we left?” Bulma asked softly. “I— I tried to remind you…”

Goku nodded— He was used to being able to pee while he was out! He barely ever remembered to relieve himself before leaving a place. If he didn’t feel like he needed it, it just didn’t cross his mind. Vegeta likely didn’t ALLOW himself to leave home without ensuring his bladder was already completely empty. If he’d done a better job of thinking like Vegeta, this wouldn’t be happening.

He expected Bulma to scold him. When he was little, if he whined to her that he had to pee really badly, she’d snap at him and ask why he hadn’t done it earlier when they were actually near a bathroom. He assumed something similar would happen now. He pictured her demanding ’Vegeta, why would you walk out of the house without peeing first when you KNOW that’s the only place you can do it?’

“You should go home, then,” Bulma said instead. “And, just a reminder— There’s NO shame in that, I’m NOT judging you, this place is crowded, it’s PERFECTLY understandable if you need to just—“

“I don’t— I don’t think I can fly like this,” Goku said. He winced. He knew Vegeta would probably never admit something like that to her, and he cursed himself for saying it. ‘Don’t embarrass Vegeta!’

Bulma stared at him for a second, looking both shocked and worried. Doubtless, she was thinking ‘If Vegeta actually TOLD me that, he must be really serious!’ “A—Alright,” she said. She took out her capsule case and started to search through it. “Do you want to walk home, or do you want to take a car, or—“

“Wh—Whatever’s fastest,” Goku said, a whine tinging his voice. He’d given up on sounding like Vegeta, he couldn’t manage that when the pressure in his body was THIS severe.

“Traffic is… It’s always bad here,” Bulma said. “But… Are you able to walk okay?”

Goku didn’t KNOW if he could walk. He didn’t know anything anymore. He just knew that he had to pee RIGHT NOW, and that he wanted to please, please just go use the restroom on the other side of the food court.

Vegeta would never even TRY that, though! The mall was so crowded, and Goku could see people heading in and out of the bathrooms. Vegeta wouldn’t be able to make himself try, much less actually pee. He’d— He’d only try if Bulma worked REALLY hard to convince him.

Yeah. Yeah, he had to get Bulma to ‘try to convince him’. Then he’d go in, pee, and— And, so that Bulma didn’t get the idea that Vegeta was suddenly cured and stop trying to help him, he’d ACT like he was still really desperate and hadn’t been able to go.

Fool-proof.

“B—Bulma, I— I think I can walk, but—“

Bulma worried at her lip, “I’m sorry, I got so focused on other things, I didn’t realize you were uncomfortable…”

Goku expected her to add ‘You should have SAID something, Vegeta!’

She didn’t.

“H—How long does it take to get home?” Goku whined. He squirmed more, giving into the demands from within to start really writhing. He hid himself beneath the table as much as he could, hoping that would keep everyone else’s eyes off of him. ‘Come on, Bulma, tell me to try peeing here…’

“Not too long,” Bulma said. “It will be alright.”

And they were leaving. Bulma hadn’t even suggested that he might want to give it a try here. Of course she hadn’t. She’d seen the crowds, she knew that it would be hopeless for Vegeta, she knew that ‘trying’ would only hurt his pride when he inevitably failed.

If he really WAS Vegeta, she would have made the right decision just now.

But, since he wasn’t…

Goku REALLY hoped he’d be able to endure the walk home.

***

Bulma’s chest clenched as she led Vegeta outside. She had never, EVER seen him in such a dire state before. He was OUTSIDE and actually allowing himself to squirm BLATANTLY. He was even holding himself every couple minutes. And, the tone of voice he was using was unlike any she’d ever heard from him before. It was like he was whimpering, just shy of outright BEGGING.

The degree of need he was experiencing must have been unfathomable for it to make him act like this. He didn’t even snap at her when she kept asking if he was alright. Nor did he insist that he was fine. Instead, she received a moaning “Ahhh, I don’t know! It’s really bad!” And, when she put a hand onto his shoulder to try to comfort him, he didn’t flinch away or brush her aside. No, he leaned into the touch, accepting the soothing gesture, accepting right away that he NEEDED it.

It was all so unlike him that Bulma didn’t quite know how to respond. She just allowed him to lean against her as he struggled to walk down the street. She was very careful about where she touched him, even a gentle nudge to his abdomen was sure to result in agony. And, seeing as how this must have been the worst bout of desperation he’d ever experienced in his life, she knew not to touch his lower back, either.

It was so bad that she feared he might not get home in time. And that that wouldn’t result in him having an accident, but in him finally rupturing his bladder and ending up hospitalized. She almost suggested that he go between a couple buildings and try to at least get SOME of it out, surely the release of even a few drops would be an improvement over what he was suffering now.

But, odds were, he wouldn’t be able to pee at all, and he’d just waste time trying, getting aggravated and working himself up further and further.

He had to get home, that was the only way he’d be alright.

***

Goku knew that he wasn’t acting like Vegeta anymore. Vegeta wouldn’t squirm and whine and dance around in public like this, no matter HOW bad he needed to go. But, Goku had never needed to pee this bad before. He felt it in his back, like he had that time he and Vegeta fused, and like he had for a few seconds during their holding contest. It hurt, and he couldn’t breathe.

He was aware that behaving this way in front of Bulma counted as ‘embarrassing Vegeta’, but now his only goal was to avoid making Vegeta wet himself. THAT would be the worst thing he could possibly do to him. Vegeta would never forgive him. The thought of making his best friend hate him was likely the only reason Goku hadn’t leaked yet, he was using all of his strength to keep that from happening. He HAD embarrassed Vegeta, but he was going to do everything in his power to avoid totally humiliating him.

The rest of the walk to Capsule Corp was miserable, Goku thought he was going to break in half, but he kept everything in. He made it.

“Okay, okay…” Bulma repeated under her breath. “We’re here. It’s okay.”

Goku stumbled in, he spotted a restroom right by the entrance and his bladder screeched, cramping hard and forcing out a few droplets. He managed to stop them by squeezing himself tightly, cringing when he managed to hurt himself. Vegeta would never forgive him if he broke his dick, either, so he was going to have to be more careful.

He was about to head towards that bathroom, when he felt Bulma’s hand on his shoulder again, “Our room’s not that far now, you can do it…”

‘R—Right, Act like Vegeta. This part’s too public, so he wouldn’t be able to—‘

Bulma guided him through the entryway and down a hall.

‘Get to— Get to Vegeta and Bulma’s room,’ Goku commanded himself. ‘A—At least GET there, ev—even if you can’t make it to the toilet, just get there so no one sees. Don’t embarrass Vegeta. Don’t embarrass—‘

“Truuuunks, come back! That’s not fair!” Goku heard Goten’s voice. “You can’t start the race before you say ‘go’, that’s cheating!”

“Can’t catch me!” Trunks was shouting as well, his voice was closer than Goten’s. “Can’t catch me! Can’t catch me!”

Bulma nudged him again, brows furrowed and looking beyond concerned. Goku figured Vegeta had never squirmed this viscerally in front of her before, had never hobbled around with his hands wedged between his legs as she watched. This was probably the most blatant display of desperation Bulma had ever seen, and since she thought it was coming from Vegeta— someone who always tried SO hard to restrain himself in these moments— it was no wonder that she was worried.

Goku tried to walk faster, when suddenly Trunks dashed out of one of the rooms, directly in front of him. Goku had to come to a sudden stop to keep himself from tripping over him, and the change in pace sent an immense, nauseating tremor through his bladder. It squeezed harshly in on itself, and suddenly Goku had warm liquid running down his legs, and cold liquid pouring down his back.

Goku had had one job today, he just had to avoid humiliating Vegeta.

And, even without looking down to confirm it, he already knew that he was currently in the process of failing that task completely. Pee gushed out of him in a rapidly pouring wave, his bladder cramping and straining to push it all out as fast as possible, and creating a very loud hiss as it darkened the material of his clothing.

If he’d been in his own body, he might have just sighed with relief, not caring THAT much about HOW his bout of desperation had ended. But, he wasn’t in his own body. He was instead causing Vegeta to have an accident right in front of his family. And he could do nothing but watch helplessly as more and more urine was ejected out and onto the floor. No amount of tightening down his holding muscles could wrench back his control, and the damage was already very much done anyway.

Bulma had covered her mouth with one of her hands, eyes blown wide open, face reddening. She looked utterly stunned, and Goku couldn’t blame her for that. Trunks was staring too, silent. Goku was a little surprised that he wasn’t laughing, he was sure Goten would laugh a bit if he saw one of his parents wet themselves. Trunks was just in shock.

The puddle grew quickly, pooling around Goku’s feet and seeping into the cracks in the tiles. And, since it was Vegeta’s bladder, it KEPT growing for a while, and none of them said a single word, the only noise was the sound of an over-full bladder wringing itself dry.

It finally stopped after several minutes of continuous spilling, and Goku just stood there. He knew he had to act like Vegeta, but he had NO idea what Vegeta would do in a situation like this. Maybe he’d just take off into space and blow stuff up until he lost the ability to feel anything.

“Dad…?” Trunks asked. He didn’t say anything else, and he kept staring.

“Vegeta…” Bulma said. “It’s… I’ll… I’m gonna go get the dragon balls out. I’ll ask to have all of our memories erased, how’s that?”

Vegeta would likely demand that she do that. But, right now the REAL Vegeta was supposed to be getting the balls so that they could get back into their proper bodies.

Goku squirmed uncomfortably, the Saiyan armor really chafed when it got wet… “Bulma, I—“ Goku stopped when he noticed himself coming down the other end of the hallway. Or, rather, Vegeta in his body. Vegeta was going to see what he’d done to him, and he’d probably get so mad that he transformed into something that went far beyond a Super Saiyan. And, Goku would have to fight Vegeta when he was at the maximum level of rage, something he hadn’t done in years. There would be no friendliness in their battle, Vegeta was going to be out for blood and more determined than ever to come out victorious.

He watched Vegeta continue down the hall, then saw him suddenly freeze.

Goku’s cold sweat dropped another few degrees. “Uhhhh, hey Go— K—Kakarot— I—“ He clamped his mouth shut. Anything he said would only make this worse.

Vegeta was silent. He looked at Goku’s face, down to his crotch, down to the floor, up to Trunks, up to Bulma… Then repeated that a few times.

He sucked in a breath, shut his eyes. Then… “KAKAROOOOOT!” He screamed, running the last few steps down the hall and tackling Goku to the floor, furiously bashing his fists against his face.

“Ow— H—Hey, you’re— It’s— You’re hitting YOUR face!” Goku reminded.

“You had ONE job today, Kakarot!” Vegeta yelled. He seemed to realize what he was doing to his own body, so he held his fists back, but they trembled harshly. “YOU. HAD. ONE. JOB.”

“Wait, Mom, I’m really confused,” Trunks said. “Why’s Goten’s Dad acting like that?”

“Alright,” Bulma said loudly. “Break it up. This isn’t making any sense. What’s going on?”

Goku and Vegeta both stood, Vegeta sharply glaring at Goku as his fingers twitched. His hair was sparking a bit as well. Goku watched. ‘Maybe Vegeta actually WILL get to go Super Saiyan 3 today…’ he thought.

“Explain,” Bulma prompted. “Why are you both acting so strangely?”

“Bulma, Vegeta and me fused earlier so that we could train with Gotenks,” Goku rushed out. “Then when we came apart, for some reason I ended up in Vegeta’s body and he ended up in mine, and I TRIED really hard not to embarrass Vegeta, but I just couldn’t hold it, and I’m SO sorry!”

“… What?”

“I came over here to get the dragon balls so that we could reverse this travesty,” Vegeta said. “But, you neglected to tell me where you PUT them, OR the radar, so I’ve been stuck searching the whole damn house all day— And I gave Kakarot ONE very simple order today, and he still managed to fuck it all up!”

Bulma blinked, this situation sounded so bizarre, but she didn’t think Goku knew the word ‘travesty’, so she had to believe they really HAD swapped.

“So… If you’re Goku,” she turned to him. “Why didn’t you just use the bathroom at the mall? Or tell me what was going on?”

“Because Vegeta said I had to act like him so I wouldn’t end up embarrassing him. And we didn’t say anything about switching bodies because we didn’t think anybody’d believe it.”

“I should have realized something had happened when you were walking around without a towel…”

Vegeta glanced over at Goku again, still glaring. “What…?”

“Bulma wanted me to shower earlier, and I liked the warm water so I stayed in too long, and I forgot to get a towel, so I—“

“Bulma, if you don’t summon the dragon and fix this in the next ten minutes, there is going to be a smoldering crater where this city once was,” Vegeta informed. “I can’t take it anymore.”

“… Do you want me to change your clothes before we switch back?” Goku asked. “These are all wet now.”

“I—You— I am not going to speak to you for a week, Kakarot.”

“Aw…”

“TWO weeks.”

***

The dragon was able to swap Kakarot and Vegeta back into their original bodies, finally putting an end to one of the worst experiences of Vegeta’s life. He had to admit he was glad Kakarot had changed clothes before their wish was granted, he didn’t want the comfort of being back in his own skin to be marred by wearing a piss-soaked outfit. And Kakarot had done him the courtesy of changing into another set of his armor, rather than dressing him up in something brightly colored and ridiculous. He still wasn’t thrilled that Kakarot had seen him naked again, though.

“Alright,” Goku said. “Feeling better now?”

“I’m still not speaking to you…” Vegeta grumbled.

“It wasn’t THAT bad, was it?”

“You made me… You… Made me do THAT in front of my wife and son, Kakarot…”

“Yeah, but they know it wasn’t really YOU, so it doesn’t matter.”

“They still— It still LOOKED like me, and now that image is going to be in their heads forever. I ordered you— I practically BEGGED you not to humiliate me, and instead you—“

“I’m really sorry,” Kakarot said. “I’m bad at remembering to pee before I leave somewhere. I couldn’t go at the mall because I knew YOU wouldn’t, and I can’t fly when I need to pee. So, we walked home, and I knew I had to get to your bedroom since you said that’s the only place you can pee— The whole time I was trying not to do anything you wouldn’t do, I was trying my best not to embarrass you.”

“Your best isn’t good enou—“ Vegeta stopped himself. “So, you… Endured a lot of…”

“It really hurt, Vegeta… I don’t know how you haven’t gone crazy.”

Kakarot had forced himself to wait far longer than he was used to. He had forced himself to hold so much liquid that he’d managed to burst Vegeta’s much, MUCH larger bladder. He’d put himself into a LOT of pain, because he’d THOUGHT it would prevent him from humiliating Vegeta. That had been his ONLY goal today, and he’d fought as hard as he could to achieve it.

…

“… I have decided that I WILL continue to speak to you,” Vegeta said. “No reason. Just—“

“You’re already speaking to me, though.”

“Don’t press your luck.”

*030*2023-11-24 01:42

Written for the Omovember prompt "Not Speaking Up Until The Last Moment".

***

Vegeta’s only reason for competing in the World Tournament was, as always, so he could fight Kakarot. Vegeta was annoyed about having to travel so far to battle Kakarot, when they could easily do that anywhere else. But, since Kakarot enjoyed the whole spectacle so much, he insisted on attending. And, if Vegeta didn’t join Kakarot in the ring, then the other Saiyan would win much too easily.

It was an odd time of year to be holding the tournament. The people of Earth had some vague memories of it being attempted earlier in the year, only for… something to interrupt it. None of them could recall what that ‘something’ was. Their memory of Buu destroying the planet had been erased with the dragon balls, so all they knew was that the tournament had been postponed for some reason.

Vegeta had been plenty annoyed by that himself. His first chance to fight Kakarot in seven years, and it was taken away. Back then, he would have done ANYTHING to be on that stage with Kakarot.

But now? It felt way less pressing. Kakarot wouldn’t be going anywhere for a while. They didn’t need a specific location or reason to battle each other. Just… Like Hell would Vegeta allow Kakarot to be deemed ‘strongest under the heavens’ simply because he hadn’t felt like dragging himself to an island in order to put him in his place.

At least, this time Vegeta was going to be a little better ‘prepared’. He knew what to expect now. Months ago, he’d assumed he’d be allowed to fly to the tournament on his own, but Bulma had insisted on him riding in her plane. He knew to anticipate a slower journey.

He knew what the venue for the tournament itself was going to be like; Extremely crowded, loud, and with no way for him to leave until it was completely finished unless he wanted to disqualify himself. Most importantly, he was aware that the restrooms would be entirely unusable for him.

Earth’s public restrooms were, by far, the worst out of any planet he’d ever been to. There was nothing private about them and, for some unfathomable reason, sounds seemed to echo in them more than they did in any other type of room. The ones at the tournament were a prime example of why Vegeta hated such places.

He hadn’t known all that before. So, when he awoke that day many months ago, and Bulma had been zipping around the bedroom, and Trunks had been excitedly talking his ear off, and he just couldn’t find it in himself to ask for a little space while he attended to ‘personal things’, he’d stupidly held it in.

He was filled with irritation the entire ride over. He could fly SO much faster than Bulma’s plane could, and he was in SUCH a hurry to get… Somewhere. The worst thing about it was that Vegeta had no way of knowing if relief would be available at the end of the flight or not.

It wasn’t. They went directly to the tournament, to the massive crowds. There were more quiet, woodsy areas on the island, areas where Vegeta thought he might have a better chance of making himself comfortable, but he didn’t know how to GET to them without being noticed, without being prodded for an explanation. He couldn’t even bring himself to just mumble to Bulma that he needed to leave and ‘attend to something’ for a minute. Back then, it didn’t matter how vague he was about his need, even giving her a HINT that he had to urinate was too much.

He felt like a bundle of nerves, and not just because he had to pee. Truth be told, for the last several years, Vegeta had been dealing with this… Feeling. A constant, aching discomfort that sometimes seemed to encompass his entire body. A hollow buzzing deep inside of himself, which nothing ever remedied. Not his family, not training, nothing. Nothing made the twisting empty sensation go away, only fade for short spurts of time. All he could do was put some kind of a patch over it, a cheap bandage that never lasted. He was just… Uncomfortable. All the time.

He was feeling it more than ever now as he stood there with the others, waiting for Kakarot to show up. Stupid Kakarot, always making everybody wait for him. Didn’t he ever consider that Vegeta might need to piss, and that he didn’t have TIME for this?!

Maybe he could go fly off and find a bit of privacy now, while the others weren’t paying attention.

But, if he did that, then he might miss—

Everyone spotted Kakarot and ran towards him for a reunion. Vegeta knew HE should have said something to his rival as well. He actually WANTED to, he was just afraid of what might come out of his mouth if he tried. (“Kakarot, do you remember that ‘problem’ I told you about? I’m having trouble with it again, could you do something stupid to distract everyone while I take care of it?”)

The image of himself requesting Kakarot’s help was so appalling to him at the time that he’d kept his mouth clamped shut as they’d walked around. He’d forced himself to walk normally, telling himself that his urge wasn’t THAT bad yet. His bladder was heavy and the tingling throbs were annoying, but he knew he could take WAY more than that before he needed to worry.

Issue was, it was continually getting worse, and with no clue as to when he might be able to alleviate it, those cold feelings in his chest were very prominent. His first chance to fight Kakarot in seven years, he could not allow his bladder to guarantee him a loss. And, when he saw the stage itself, and the seating for the audience… The image of himself up there, clearly desperate to void…

He HAD to resolve this before he got on stage. Allowing his need to get worse was just asking for trouble.

Vegeta managed to stay quiet until the preliminaries. Everyone who wanted to compete would have to strike a machine that somehow measured the strength of their punches. That idiot Hercule demonstrated how it worked, and Vegeta thought it looked as if he’d hurt his fist on the thing. Then, he had to wait in line to use it. For whatever reason, he found it way easier to behave as if he didn’t need to urinate if he was walking around. It was much more difficult to do it while standing in place. The demands from within to MOVE were coming at a constant rate, and the line was SO slow…

“This is stupid…” Vegeta mumbled, shifting on his feet and trying to appear like he was just bored out of his mind. Piccolo was the only one to look at him, thankfully. Piccolo probably had no idea what someone looked like when they had to—

“Hey, don’t hit it too hard!” Krillin called as Android 18 stepped up to the machine. “You’ll break it!”

Immediately, an idea struck Vegeta. The best idea ever. An absolutely amazing idea, and one that he’d NEVER admit Krillin had helped him come up with.

The guy running the machine was startled by the results it showed for 18, and the rest of their friends. He even commented that he thought the machine must have been broken and that they should go get a different one.

How long would it take them to grab another machine? Would it be long enough for—

Vegeta wasn’t going to take any chances. “Step aside,” he commanded, standing in front of the device.

“What?!”

Rearing back, Vegeta punched the machine as hard as he possibly could, immediately shattering the thing into pieces, leaving scraps of metal all over the stage.

THERE! Now they were going to need to clean all that up, AND get a new machine. All of that should give Vegeta plenty of time to fly off somewhere, relieve himself, and get back. ‘Ha!’ He thought. ‘And the woman says I have bad problem-solving skills! Well, what do you call THIS, then?’

Vegeta turned, then heard Kakarot’s voice; “Want to go see Goten and Trunks in the youth division?”

‘No,’ Vegeta thought. ‘I want to fly as far away from here as I can before my bladder starts trying to murder me.’ He could never, EVER say that, though! “I suppose… It’s better than hanging out here.”

He followed Kakarot off the stage, all the while trying to come up with an excuse to leave. He WANTED to say something, and he was disgusted by all the things he wanted to say. He wasn’t sure which vile statement popping into his head revolted him more; ‘Kakarot, I need somewhere to void!’ or ‘Kakarot, I’ve missed you!’ He could not allow himself to say EITHER of those things, so he forced himself to remain silent.

Kakarot turned to look at him for a second— A second that felt WAY too long to Vegeta. ‘He’s probably trying to figure out how much stronger you’ve gotten over the last seven years,’ he thought. ‘That’s all!’

“You’ve been keeping up with your training, huh?” Kakarot asked. “You look tougher than ever!”

Vegeta exhaled. “Of course, Kakarot. You’d better hope you haven’t been slacking. I want a challenge today. It’s been ages since I’ve had one of those.”

“Not at all,” Kakarot said. “Sounds like you really missed me!”

Vegeta stepped backwards, losing his footing for a second and jarring his bladder. He hoped the wince of pain didn’t stay on his face for too long. “Wh—Why would I EVER miss you?!”

Kakarot was STILL looking at him, at his legs which he was realizing were perhaps a little too close together. Kakarot turned away, then glanced back and forth for a few seconds, looking almost worried. “Vegeta…? Um…” He continued to look around, searching for… Something. “Do you want—“

“L—Let’s go see how the brats are doing,” Vegeta interrupted.

And that’s what they did. They joined their friends in the audience and watched the kids in the youth division fight one another. But there wasn’t much competition taking place. Any round featuring Goten or Trunks was over within seconds as the two decimated every one of their opponents. It made for some pretty boring battles when it was so obvious who the victor would be. They failed to adequately distract Vegeta from the still-growing pressure inside his bladder. He was starting to shake and sweat, shifting restlessly.

Finally, when Trunks and Goten were able to go up against EACH OTHER things got more interesting. For a little while, Vegeta was able to ignore his need for release and instead focus on his need to see his son defeat Kakarot’s. Trunks did win, and Vegeta made a jab at Kakarot about it. He actually felt a surge of confidence, enough to perhaps TELL Kakarot that he had to—

“Should we head back now?” Krillin asked. “The prelims are probably over.”

“Yeah,” Kakarot said.

They headed towards the backstage area, and Vegeta discovered that walking was getting a little harder. His bladder sloshed with each step, and he struggled not to let the irritation show in his strides. As they walked, he heard the announcer declare that there was going to be a fifty minute break until the adult division started.

Fifty minutes. Oh, that was the best news Vegeta had heard all day! That was PLENTY of time to find somewhere private and release the pressure.

But, then he found out he wasn’t allowed to actually LEAVE until after the tournament had ended, and the chills seized his chest again. Backstage was certainly less crowded than the rest of the arena, but still CROWDED, and he didn’t know what to do! He managed to sneak off TO the restroom when he was sure no one was looking, but after just one step inside of it, he knew it was no use.

The urinals were impossible, of course. The stalls weren’t much better since the main door to the room couldn’t be locked. Someone could walk in at any time. He glanced around for something extremely heavy he could wedge up against the door, something that only HE would be able to move, but he found nothing.

He kept holding it. He watched the first couple rounds with his arms folded, his shoulders tense, and one leg crossed over the other in the most casual looking way he could manage. He kept holding it, as the mysterious fighters sapped Gohan of his energy and flew off. When Kakarot was about to leave and go after them, that was when Vegeta lost it. The only reason he hadn’t taken off already and searched for some relief was because he needed to fight Kakarot even worse than he needed to piss. If Kakarot was just going to—

“Then come with me,” Kakarot said. “We can fight there.” He flew off.

Vegeta HAD followed after Kakarot, for a bit… But, when he noticed he was flying over a dense expanse of foliage, he slowed down. “K—Kakarot, I need a second, I— I forgot something! Don’t try to back out of our deal!”

“Of course, Vegeta,” Kakarot said, and Vegeta noticed him suddenly looking a little more relaxed for some reason.

Vegeta had landed amongst the trees, relieved that he didn’t see, hear or SENSE anyone near him. He was alone, finally… At last, he was able to go for the first time all day. And when he managed to catch up to Kakarot pretty quickly afterwards, in spite of how long it always took him to finish urinating, he managed not to feel TOO ashamed of what he’d needed to do.

That day had been a complete disaster, with his traitorous bladder being only the least of his worries. Compared to everything else that had happened, the moderate desperation he’d endured was practically nothing.

But, if there HADN’T been a reason to leave the tournament early, if he’d been STUCK there for the duration, AND forced to fight on a stage in front of a huge audience while holding it? That would be even worse than an ancient monster being awakened and destroying the entire planet!

Bulma sometimes said that Vegeta was overly dramatic. He had no idea what she was talking about.

That tournament could have been FAR more horrid for his bladder than it had been. Going BACK to the tournament held some risks of history repeating itself, of him ACTUALLY getting deliriously desperate in front of an audience and living out a terrifying nightmare scenario of humiliation.

Then again, the WORST mistake he’d made that day was choosing NOT to pee before leaving the house. (Well, that was his worst mistake relating to his bladder, anyway. He’d made ANOTHER mistake later that afternoon that was a bit more serious.)

He’d only skipped peeing that morning because he couldn’t ask Trunks and Bulma for some privacy. He could do that now, so there was no reason to think he’d get himself into as bad a state as that again. He’d leave the house freshly relieved, it would take ages for him to fill back up again.

So, the next day, as his family was getting ready and Trunks was laying on his and Bulma’s bed chattering away about how he was definitely gonna beat Goten again, Vegeta waited for a moment before mumbling that he needed to be left alone for a little while.

They granted him his privacy, and he stayed at the toilet for a couple moments longer after he’d finished, trying to make sure he’d gotten everything out. He could not allow for any degree of desperation to take place today. With so many eyes on him, someone would notice if he was distressed. Not to mention, with so many eyes on him, he wanted to be fighting at his very best! One way or another, the Earthlings in the audience were going to be in awe of him. He needed to make sure that that was because of his STRENGTH and not because he was trying to fight while dying to relieve himself.

As predicted, Bulma insisted that he ride in the plane with her rather than fly by himself. Since his bladder wasn’t knotting up inside him this time, moving slowly was a bit more tolerable. Vegeta wasn’t too stressed out until they’d actually landed and Bulma reminded him of his ‘hydration’.

Vegeta had no intention of drinking a DROP until after the tournament. He was fine listening to her about drinking water at home, or if he knew he’d only be out for a little while and could go back to the house as soon as he wanted. Situations like this were different, he’d THOUGHT she’d understand that.

He shook his head.

“I still want you to drink your normal amount today,” Bulma said. “You’re lucky I’m not asking you to have MORE since it’s hot out and you’re gonna be moving around so much!”

A Summer day on Earth felt like Winter on Planet Vegeta, not that he thought she’d care much for that argument. “I’ll drink all of it when we get home,” he said.

“No, you won’t,” Bulma said. “You haven’t had ANY water today, you’re about to work up a sweat, and,” she— thankfully— lowered her voice before adding; “It is going to be very late when we get home. You’re probably gonna head straight to sleep. You remember what happened—“

“One time!” Vegeta snapped. “It was— I was probably a bit SICK that night, too. It doesn’t even coun—“

“Vegeta, you’re going to drink something now,” Bulma said firmly. “You can either DO it without attracting any attention, or you can keep arguing until people look at us and wonder what’s going on.”

The thought of people overhearing this. Of them finding out about the Problem…

The thought of him getting DESPERATE here in front of a massive crowd.

He HATED doing this, it would feel like begging— It would BE begging. But, her sympathy was the only thing he could hope for. “Bulma, if I drink anything, then my body is going to…“ He flinched. He sounded so pathetic. He NEEDED to sound pathetic so that she wouldn’t do this to him. It was the only way she’d understand that he was serious.

“I’ve seen how long you can wait,” Bulma said. “You’re gonna sweat most of the water out anyway.”

Brutal. It was like she meant to torture him. Here he was, taking every precaution, and she was going to make sure he suffered anyway!

Bulma held out one of the large water bottles she was always making him drink. “Just one,” she said. “And you don’t need to drink it all at once, just get it down before the preliminaries and I’ll leave you alone.”

Vegeta muttered and took the water. He opened it and had a sip, annoyed at how good it felt on his dry tongue. Stupid body, why did it have to have needs!?

He did manage to finish it before the preliminaries, and when he got in line for the stupid punching machine, he was already feeling the after-effects. Nothing serious, but enough to stress him out. A constant, dull tingling. One that he knew wouldn’t BE there if Bulma hadn’t forced him to drink.

Kakarot was beside him in the line, “Don’t destroy the machine this time,” he said.

“No promises,” Vegeta grumbled. He didn’t think he’d bother doing that again, it hadn’t gotten him relief any faster, and even though he was aware he needed to pee, there was no way he had enough in him to get anything out now.

When it was his turn, he held back his punch a bit. As much as he could be BOTHERED to, anyway. Why the Hell should he hide his strength?! So long as he didn’t BREAK it, the number displayed on that machine should be as close to accurate as possible, to scare off other, weaker competitors.

Maybe they’d all be so flummoxed by his score that everyone BUT him and Kakarot would just forfeit. Then, they could skip right to THAT battle and be finished before Vegeta’s bladder got to be too big of an issue.

His score was extremely high, but if anyone was scared by it, it wasn’t enough to make them quit.

Dammit… How long did these contests usually last? Vegeta knew his body very well, and figured that, after that much water, he could last about… four or five more hours before he needed to go badly enough for it to affect his fighting ability. And a bit longer than that before he had to worry about his kidney’s self-destructing on him.

Of course, he made it into the competition, as did Kakarot, Gohan and Krillin. Like last time, they went to watch the kids’ tournament and, like last time, the majority of it was uneventful. Just Goten and Trunks defeating everyone they came across with one shot. When they were able to fight each other in the finals, it was a little different though. Apparently, they’d been working to ‘match’ their power levels in order to make fusion easier, so it was a much closer fight than before.

Vegeta actually got a little worried for a second. Worried enough that his bladder faded from his mind entirely. No way could Trunks lose to that miniature Kakarot, he wouldn’t allow it!

Trunks won, but just barely. And the way he DID it was kind of just embarrassing. He’d seriously caught Goten off guard by shouting “LOOK, BEHIND YOU!” And then shoving him out of the ring. To which Goten started whining about the unfairness of it all. It was as though they were allergic to taking their fight seriously, it was all just a big game to them!

At least Trunks had won… If HE’D been the one stupid enough to fall for that cheap of a trick…

“That was fun,” Kakarot said.

“Fun?” Vegeta repeated, standing up. Once he was on his feet, he was immediately made aware of how much of that water had made it to his bladder; Too much. The tingling had turned into a throbbing, much too annoying for this early in the day. The competition hadn’t even STARTED yet! He squeezed his thighs together for a second before starting to walk. “They’re still not serious fighters!”

“Well, they’re just kids,” Kakarot shrugged. “When I was their age, I barely took anything seriously, either.”

“You STILL don’t!” Vegeta said. Warily, he paid careful attention to how each of his steps felt, way too aware of how each one stabbed his bladder and made it pulse. He knew that he shouldn’t be focusing on the building urge so much. Obsessing over it was going to make it worsen, but he just couldn’t stop. The image of himself squirming around while hundreds of people stared was both nauseating and horrifyingly real.

It was bothering him so much that he was barely THINKING about battling Kakarot anymore, he wasn’t coming up with any strategies or plans, he was just stressing out over ‘What if my bladder decides to start ripping me apart in front of everyone!?’

He thought he might be able to calm down about it if he had some idea of what he could do to AVOID that. If he had a ‘worst-case-scenario’ plan in mind, some way out that would just… Be available if he needed it, then he wouldn’t feel so freaked out any time the pangs in his bladder worsened.

Kakarot was good at getting him out of these situations… If he said, ‘Kakarot, Bulma forced me to drink a bunch of water. What do I do about ‘The Problem’?’ Then, Kakarot would likely have an answer, something that would at least put Vegeta’s mind a little more at ease.

Except, Krillin and Gohan were walking with them. They’d want to know what ‘The Problem’ was, and why Vegeta was bothered by drinking water, why Bulma had to FORCE it on him.

He needed a moment alone with Kakarot. All would be sorted out then.

They went backstage and were matched up with their opponents for the first round. Vegeta was paired with some tall, beefy guy named Pistasio.

“Heh, lucky me,” Pistasio said. “I got the shrimpy one.”

Vegeta twitched, and it had nothing to do with his growing need to urinate.

The man had just pushed one of Vegeta’s least favorite buttons, and he looked forward to pummeling him for it soon. It was the only way for him to get those words to stop repeating themselves over and over inside his head.

Vegeta KNEW he was very small for a Saiyan— The average adult Saiyan was supposed to be closer to Raditz’s size. Infuriatingly, Vegeta was below average even by human standards. He’d ALWAYS been small, a fact which Frieza had loved reminding him of. His father told him that ALL Saiyans stayed tiny for a while and that it was perfectly normal. Saiyans remained little for the majority of their early life— This was a good thing! Their size and childlike appearance could be deceptive to opponents. But, eventually, every Saiyan would have a major growth spurt where they attained a body size suited for harsher fights.

So, Vegeta grew up anticipating that. Even when Raditz, whom was close to his age, was always taller than him, Vegeta didn’t get that discouraged. One day, he’d wake up and be as big as his father had been. Someday, he’d be taller than Nappa, even! And he DID grow…. For a little while. He measured his height whenever he got the chance, delighted every time it increased. But, then it STOPPED increasing. It stopped increasing for a WHILE.

And he was still smaller than Raditz, and WAY smaller than Nappa.

Dismayed, he decided that he’d probably have ANOTHER growth-spurt someday. He was the PRINCE, it made no sense for him to be the shortest one! He was SURE to get bigger, he’d just… Stalled out for a while, that was all.

That had been many, MANY years ago, and Vegeta was STILL waiting for that ‘second growth-spurt’.

He knew his height shouldn’t have MATTERED so much to him. He could FLY, why should he care how short he was if he could STILL meet anyone at eye-level? It DID bother him, though. It was one of the things about himself that he couldn’t stop comparing to Kakarot. Kakarot himself was small for a Saiyan, but amongst Earthlings his height was average. Doubtless, Kakarot ALSO thought it was weird for Vegeta to still be so small…

Wanting to beat the Hell out of Pistasio distracted Vegeta from his bladder for a bit. Since there was that stupid fifty minute long break in between the kids’ competition and the adults’ one, that didn’t matter too much, though. Almost an entire hour added to the time Vegeta needed to wait, and it wasn’t even spent on anything to advance the tournament forward! Once this hour was up, he’d still have the whole THING to get through!

He was seriously getting uncomfortable. Vegeta cursed himself for drinking the water so fast. If he’d needed to get it all into himself, fine. But, it wasn’t necessary for him to just… Guzzle it like that! He should have taken slow, careful sips. If he’d just swallowed it all more slowly, then maybe it would have taken longer for it to start showing up in his bladder.

It felt like big gushes of liquid were being pumped into his bladder every few minutes, the urgency increasing faster than he was accustomed to. Since he was unable to make himself stop FOCUSING on it, and trying to figure out what to DO, every new bolt of pressure made his knees lock as his thighs strained together.

He needed to go tell—

No. He hadn’t even TRIED to fix this by himself yet. Going to Kakarot was the last resort, not the first step. He neede— ACCEPTED Kakarot’s help sometimes. He didn’t ASK for it all the time.

Last time, he’d figured he’d be able to use the facilities here if he had something heavy to keep the door shut. Maybe this time he’d be able to find such a thing. If he went to the restroom when no one was near it, then blocked the door, he’d have privacy. He should have no trouble then. He’d relieve himself, no one would know, no one would hear, no one would see.

Kakarot came up beside him, “This is my least favorite part,” he said. “All the waiting!”

Vegeta nodded slightly, glancing around. No one was within ear-shot, he didn’t think. This would be an acceptable time to mention his predicament to Kakarot. Just… Not to ask him for help, but just so he’d be… Aware, in case Vegeta couldn’t find anything to jam the door shut with.

He shifted, “How much longer?” He asked.

“Not too much,” Kakarot said, glancing at Vegeta’s feet. His brow furrowed, then he looked around the area for a second. “Once the fights start, usually it moves really quick. Sometimes there’s a couple near the end that get really long, but that’s just ‘cause both the fighters are so good.”

“Well, then ours will be the longest this tournament has ever seen…” Vegeta said. Unless, of course, his bladder decided to defeat him before Kakarot even got to lay a hand on him…

‘Stop thinking about it!’ Vegeta thought, furious. If it wasn’t for the audience, and his stupid… ‘feelings’ about getting desperate in front of them, he probably wouldn’t even need to go so much! It was becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy purely because he couldn’t stop IMAGINING it.

Finally, the fights were underway. The first featured Hercule. Kakarot had forced Vegeta to promise to let that guy win if they ever got matched up. Vegeta hoped that he just never had to ‘face’ Hercule. Publicly losing to him— intentional or not— would be just as embarrassing as desperately holding himself on stage.

Dammit… Thinking about it again…

The next couple weren’t ‘bad’ exactly. The competitors were evenly matched, so the battles were tight. But, Vegeta could sense how much weaker than him they were, that they wouldn’t give him any trouble if he was placed against any of them. It was difficult to get too invested when he knew he’d knock any one of them out of the ring within a matter of seconds.

Pistasio stood beside Vegeta at one point, apparently attempting to intimidate him. The taller man straightened out to his full height. Vegeta was not intimidated, even with his bladder full-to-bursting this person wasn’t any kind of a threat. Pistasio was sort of setting him on-edge, but not for the reason he thought. Now, with his opponent staring at him, Vegeta had to be extra careful not to squirm. Pistasio might assume any fidgeting was nervousness about their upcoming fight, but if he didn’t… If he figured out Vegeta was in urgent need of a break…

Pistasio opened his mouth to speak, and Vegeta tried not to flinch. ‘He’s noticed,’ he thought. ‘He’s figured it out. You’re shaking too much!’

But, when Pistasio started to talk, he made no mention of Vegeta’s building desperation. No, it was just more irritating comments about his height. They shouldn’t have bothered Vegeta so much, the insults were on the level of things Trunks encountered on the playground. They were things children would say. Yet, they were affecting him anyway.

Frieza had taunted him over his height constantly. The comments left Vegeta flustered and embarrassed. They broke his concentration, they swirled around inside his head and made his chi difficult to grasp onto. Often, when Vegeta talked back to Frieza, or if he was feeling exceptionally proud of himself after a mission, Frieza would make some mention of how ‘tiny’ Vegeta was, and he’d be thrown off completely.

Vegeta’s blood boiled as he recalled all those remarks. They pissed him off just as badly as they had when Frieza had first made them. In fact, they pissed him off even MORE now. He’d overheard Bulma telling Trunks that he NEEDED to eat the food at his school even if he thought it was gross, because apparently lacking ‘proper nutrition’ during adolescence would stunt someone’s growth.

And, Frieza had LOVED to use starvation as a punishment when Vegeta was young. He’d LOVED forcing Vegeta to go a week or longer without any food. Sometimes, it was so bad that Vegeta would sneakily eat things that NO ONE, not even a Saiyan, would ever class as being ‘edible’. Literal garbage, dirt, live bugs and maggots that either burst open on his tongue or squirmed the whole way down his throat, making him gag. Worms. He’d even gotten desperate enough to eat worms before. He wasn’t sure what was more pathetic about that, the fact that his hunger was driving him to such extreme lengths, or the fact that he couldn’t stop shuddering while he did it.

And it was never enough to alleviate the clawing growls of his stomach.

If malnutrition was responsible for his size, then that meant Frieza had deliberately stunted Vegeta’s growth.

As Pistasio continued, Vegeta started to pretend to himself that the man was actually Frieza. He didn’t LOOK anything like Frieza, of course. But, he was engaged in one of Frieza’s most annoying activities, and if Vegeta PRETENDED that he really was Frieza, punching him would feel even better.

It also granted him a decent distraction from his bladder. As he forced himself to transform Pistasio into Frieza, he thought FAR more about delivering him a painful blow than he did about needing to relieve himself. He almost wanted to thank the irritating man for providing him with such a good diversion. The stinging pulses in his midsection became less and less troublesome the longer he lost himself in the fantasy of destroying Frieza with just one hand.

When Krillin’s turn came, and he was pitted against Kakarot, Vegeta barely paid attention. The only entertainment he’d gotten out of THIS fight was the look of horror on Krillin’s face when he found out he was going to have to fight Kakarot in the first round.

Then Gohan, and that one was boring too. Gohan may have slacked off on his training, but the human he was up against was still nothing compared to a Saiyan.

Finally, Vegeta was allowed to go punch Pistasio. He knew that the battle would be OVER after one hit, so he wanted to make it count. Perhaps not TOO much, though. If he left the guy in a coma, he doubted Bulma would think “Well, he called me short!” was a reasonable excuse.

Vegeta got into the ring, and was acutely aware of his posture in front of the audience, he waited for Pistasio to stand before him. Vegeta looked down at his feet, satisfied to see that they weren’t tapping. His knees were a LITTLE too close together and there was, perhaps, a small tremor in his legs. But, it was very slight. No one up in the stands would be able to see. He was okay, he was okay…

“What’cha lookin’ at?” Pistasio taunted. Vegeta hadn’t noticed him enter the ring, he’d been too focused on how he looked. He’d have to get a handle on that before he faced some ACTUAL competition. “Come on, I’m up here— ALL the way up here, little—“

Vegeta bashed a fist into Pistasio’s gut, without looking up from his feet. He hadn’t done it full force, just enough to knock the guy down for a while.

Pistasio laid on the ground, holding his stomach and moaning as the announcer began to count. Vegeta wanted to tell the man not to even bother— Pistasio wouldn’t be getting up on his own for at least a few minutes, but before he could speak a rippling pang went through his bladder, joined by a sudden cramping squeeze, and his knees buckled before he’d realized what was happening.

‘Fuck!’ Vegeta thought, doubling forwards slightly before scrambling to straighten himself out. He wasn’t even sure how well the audience could hear him but, desperate to save face, he said “Haven’t punched that hard in a while! Made something cramp!” It was a ridiculously stupid excuse, but the only one he could THINK of. He was SO bad at thinking of alternate explanations when he needed to—

“TEN!” The announcer declared. “Vegeta is the winner and will be advancing to the next round.”

As was expected. Vegeta left the stage. He hoped the crowd watching was just so blown away by him taking down a guy three times his size with one hit to have paid much notice to his little loss of composure.

“It’s been a while since you’ve punched that hard?!” Krillin asked in horror as soon as Vegeta was backstage. “How bad did you hurt that guy?! Is he dead?! You know you get disqualified if he’s dead, right?!”

“He’s not dead,” Vegeta promised. “He just might not be able to digest solid food for a while.”

“Vegeta!”

“That was a joke.”

“I don’t like your jokes…” Krillin said.

Pistasio was able to get up again a few minutes later. “See?” Vegeta said. “NOT dead. He’s just fi—“ His voice cracked for a second as another spasm struck, he pushed his legs together, tried his best not to bounce. “Fine.”

“Vegeta…?” Krillin asked. “Are YOU fine?”

“Never better,” Vegeta stated. “Who do I fight next?”

“Gohan, I think,” Krillin told him. “Did you hurt your legs, or—“

“Nothing’s wrong,” Vegeta mumbled, stalking off. Great. Gohan next. Someone that might actually give him a CHALLENGE, sure. But, since his bladder was already giving him one of those…

He went back to his spot to watch the fights. Hercule’s next one was as boring as ever. But, Vegeta tried to take advantage of this time to come up with a solution. Beating Pistasio had taken nothing out of him, yet his bladder had still chosen to randomly convulse from the force of his own punch. What was going to happen when he went against Gohan and had to actually TRY.

He COULD win against Gohan normally. Gohan hadn’t kept up with his training. He was good, but he’d fallen behind. If Vegeta was at full strength, he’d ultimately win. But, he wasn’t going to be AT full strength. Even now, when he could focus all his energy on restraining his bladder, the cramps and throbs flaring through him were serious. When he battled Gohan, he was going to need to DIVIDE his attention between fighting and holding it, which meant he wouldn’t be able to do EITHER of those things very well.

He needed to resolve this before he went against Gohan. The image of himself tangling his legs together and gripping his crotch while being watched by hundreds grew clearer and clearer with each passing minute.

‘Kakarot. Where the Hell is Kakarot…’ he thought. He didn’t SEE him back here, where had he gone off to? Probably to go eat something. If there was any food in this area, Kakarot would find it and devour it. ‘Get back here. Now.’

Kakarot DID return, a nervous expression on his face that Vegeta immediately zeroed in on. “What’s that look for?” He said. “Did you hear I’m going against your son next, after I took out that last guy in ONE punch?”

“Hm?” Kakarot asked. “No, I’m sure Gohan’ll give you a better fight than that other guy. I was just… Looking for something, and I couldn’t find it. I don’t think it’s here.”

“What are you looking for?”

Kakarot looked away. “Nothing… Just… I’m hungry, I thought there’d be some food.”

So, Vegeta had guessed right, then. At least, by the time he and Kakarot finally fought, they’d BOTH have something holding them back. Vegeta’s desperation to pee and Kakarot’s hunger could maybe even things out a little bit…

Speaking of that, Vegeta still had to get Kakarot to… Figure something out. He had to ask— No, DEMAND— He had to DEMAND that Kakarot fix this. He looked around the room surreptitiously. Would anyone hear if he whispered? Vegeta wasn’t sure if he knew HOW to whisper, but he’d TRY…

Gohan was here. Vegeta KNEW half-blooded Saiyans had the same powerful hearing as full-blooded ones. He and Bulma had needed to give Trunks a bigger bedroom that was a lot further away from THEIRS when he’d started asking questions about things a human child wouldn’t have been able to overhear.

Gohan would hear Vegeta tell Kakarot that he had to go. He’d wonder why the Hell he felt the need to notify Kakarot of that, and why Kakarot then left WITH him.

None of Vegeta’s usual ‘code-words’ would work here, either. Typically, he told Kakarot that he wanted to ‘fight him somewhere privately’, and Kakarot would understand. It wouldn’t make much sense to ask for that when they were already GOING to fight each other right here.

What else could he say? He needed something that Kakarot would understand, but Gohan wouldn’t.

He could think of a few hundred billion things that would work in the opposite direction, but none in the way that he NEEDED.

How about body-language, then? Kakarot could tell when he needed to pee, annoying as that was. Kakarot could tell when no one else was able to. Because, up until a point, when Vegeta needed to pee, he LOOKED more like he was just super cold. If he let himself shiver, Kakarot would notice.

He realized that he was already sort of twitching, but he allowed himself to do it more. He let his shoulders shudder, he crossed his arms, he put one leg over the other in the most casual way he could manage. Kakarot was still looking at him, and Vegeta waited for some spark of recognition. Kakarot’s nervous expression hadn’t faded— Was he seriously too focused on food to notice that Vegeta was going to—

Before he could finish that thought, Kakarot was called out for his next fight.

Dammit…

Kakarot headed towards the stage, moving slower than Vegeta was used to. ‘Idiot doesn’t eat for twenty minutes and goes all to pieces…’

Vegeta watched Kakarot’s fight, trying to distract himself. It wasn’t much, Kakarot had already won in a matter of seconds. At least they were getting more rounds over with. Hopefully Vegeta could go home soon, or into that forest he’d relieved himself in last time. He was getting to the point where he didn’t care where he voided. He preferred to do it at home, but so long as there was privacy he’d take whatever he could get.

After that, it was his turn to go against Gohan. A crazy part of him started to think it wouldn’t be SO bad if he lost this one. He’d be able to LEAVE then, find somewhere to release… But, then he wouldn’t get to fight Kakarot. Since Kakarot was too focused on his stomach to realize that Vegeta was bursting, he NEEDED to be punched around for a while.

Gohan warily followed Vegeta to the stage. He would have been nervous to fight Vegeta under any circumstance, but he could tell Vegeta was in a more volatile mood than usual right now. Worse, he could tell exactly WHY he was so frustrated, and he couldn’t let Vegeta find out that he knew what was wrong.

Gohan knew EXACTLY what it meant when Vegeta got ‘shivery’ now. And, he was positive that Vegeta was indeed dealing with a rather aggressive case of Paruresis. The restroom here would not be of any use to someone with the condition, and since Vegeta wasn’t allowed to leave, he had no way of getting any relief.

And he was now having to fight someone that was almost his equal while on a stage. Gohan knew that if HE was desperate to pee in front of all these people, he’d feel horribly embarrassed. Shame was a very big aspect of Paruresis, so this was likely a scenario Vegeta had visited in his nightmares before.

This was not by any means a ‘fair’ fight, if one of them was enduring severe internal pressure and the other wasn’t. And doubtless Vegeta wanted OFF the stage… Should Gohan just let himself lose? He was sure that, under normal conditions, Vegeta would beat him anyways.

Gohan also didn’t really WANT to battle him with any real effort now.

Mom had made him read medical text-books when he was little and, apart from scaring him and convincing him that he had every disease in existence for a few months, he’d learned a lot. He’d learned that, when someone’s bladder was really full and couldn’t be emptied, and they suffered a significant trauma to that area of their body, their bladder could rupture. That was pretty serious, and Gohan didn’t know if a senzu bean would fix it, or if Vegeta would have to be subjected to a miserable hospital visit where everyone around him was paying non-stop attention to his urinary habits.

Vegeta had never been the nicest person, but Gohan didn’t want to do THAT to him.

He should just let Vegeta win, that was the best way to avoid severely hurting him by accident.

He should have known Vegeta wouldn’t HAVE that, though. When Gohan pretended to collapse after just a few hits, without using a single attack of his own, Vegeta scoffed; “D—Don’t hold back! I know you can do b—better than this!”

Vegeta’s voice was wavering. He was standing with his feet pressed together, shaking visibly. How the Hell could he STILL want a real fight…

Gohan forced himself up and changed his plan. He’d try a little harder, sort of. He just needed to stay away from Vegeta’s abdominal region. Which was… Not easy. It was kind of a big target. Vegeta wasn’t moving around as fast as usual, but what he WAS doing was still quick enough to make it difficult to aim correctly.

Normally, Gohan didn’t have to focus on NOT hitting someone in a specific place. He’d go for areas that he knew would deal the most damage, but if he missed and hit somewhere else, that was usually okay. If he missed NOW and hit Vegeta in the wrong spot, it could be catastrophic.

‘Come ON, Vegeta, I am trying to just GIVE you this!’ Gohan thought as he attempted to deliver a blow to Vegeta’s chest. That wouldn’t make it too much worse, right?

Vegeta stumbled, bent forwards, his knees rubbed for a second, one hand clasping against his leg. He turned around, sort of frantic, pinkness in his cheeks.

Gohan thought about trying to hit him in the back, but decided not to. That was kind of cheap, and he’d ALSO learned that sometimes people with Paruresis would sort of have the urine ‘back-flow’. Since the psychological block was so extreme, rather than an accident, sometimes the excess fluid would start to move back up. Gohan wasn’t sure if Vegeta had ever experienced that, but if he DID then the kidneys were a terrible place to hit him as well.

Vegeta was suffering an immense crisis of need. His bladder was surging, urine billowing against his knotted holding muscles. Cold sweat was rolling down his back, and he felt his shivering intensify. He knew he was in serious trouble, his lower back was starting to twinge, his rib-cage felt like it was encased in a prison of ice. His hands twitched, his legs shuddered. He caught his toes trying to bounce and barely managed to stop himself in time.

He had to— He had to get out of here, his body was being an uncooperative traitor again. His body was trying to humiliate him, trying to force him to start jiggling around in full view of this massive crowd. It would be so obvious, everyone watching would know why he was moving around in such a weird way. They’d all know he needed to pee. They’d all wonder why he hadn’t gone yet. They’d all guess that his desperation was thanks to the shameful condition he’d been cursed with.

He needed to be somewhere else. Somewhere with a little more privacy. Even if it wasn’t enough to grant him relief, he just needed a few minutes to struggle and grip himself without an audience, just until he was back in control again. He had to end this battle and find a secluded area backstage. Now.

How could he do that quickly? He needed to— He had to use one of his strongest attacks. He was aware that his ability to ACCESS those moves was hindered whenever his bladder was too full, but he had to TRY. Vegeta shut his eyes for a second, spinning around to face Gohan again. Fingers curled his hands raised themselves up to his still frigid chest. His hands were shaking, muscles spasming from how hard it was not to let them go between his legs instead.

‘Concentrate, Vegeta…’ He thought urgently. He strained to focus on his chi, on gathering as much of it as he could. This was supposed to be easy for him, this was supposed to be second-nature. But, so much of his attention was being called to a different part of his body, one that was radiating pain and mercilessly threatening him with promises of public humiliation if he didn’t put all his energy towards preventing himself from squirming. His legs buzzed, dying to cross, and he kept losing what little chi he’d managed to gain control over.

Finally, he decided to rush it. Pull together whatever energy he could manage and just launch it outwards. He flung his hands forward and released a beam at Gohan. It wasn’t much, nowhere near what he was usually able to fire forth, but he was proud of himself for being able to do it at all. His bladder was not so vicious that it could render him completely powerless.

Gohan was so shocked that Vegeta was CAPABLE of using an energy attack in his current condition that he didn’t react in time to dodge it. All for the best, really. He WANTED this battle to end before he accidentally jabbed Vegeta’s bladder and caused him to break something. So, when he was hit, Gohan did little to resist it, letting himself be forced off the stage.

Vegeta stayed where he was, breathing heavily. It was mortifying how much that one, little blast had taken out of him… But, at least he’d won. Another fight over, another step closer to privacy and much needed relief.

Backstage, Vegeta went to one corner away from everyone else. He sat down and wedged one of his feet against his crotch, hyper-aware of how he may appear to anyone who looked his way. He thought this looked normal enough, he thought this looked like maybe he was just trying to rest before his next fight with Kakarot, and— How the Hell was he going to manage that now?! That minuscule blast of chi he’d managed to defeat Gohan with wouldn’t win out against Kakarot. Vegeta didn’t even know if he could DO that again, the first time had been enough of a miracle!

Kakarot would win extremely easily at this rate. Vegeta would be quickly defeated in front of an audience and, with as hard as it was getting not to fidget, he was likely to lose while obviously bursting to pee, too. This next battle was going to be mortifying! The worst thing Vegeta could imagine!

No, no… He could do this. He was Vegeta! He could do anything! If he just focused now on calming his bladder down, on trying to tamp down the level of urgency, he’d manage to recover enough strength… He could squirm a little while he was back here. He could regain the upper-hand over his body.

He fidgeted against his foot, pressing firmly into it. It helped— Not as much as squeezing himself with his hands would, but it was way better than nothing. He shut his eyes tightly and tried to pretend that he simply just didn’t NEED to pee. The throbs of discomfort screaming at him that he was going to burst were all in his head, just figments of his imagination. In reality, he was fine. In reality, he didn’t have to go at all.

He could hear the announcer outside narrating Hercule’s next fight. He knew that as soon as Hercule was finished, HE’D need to get back up again. He’d need to stand, walk onto the stage, fight Kakarot, keep himself from clutching or bouncing or doing ANYTHING else that would make it obvious how much he wished he could sell his soul for a few minutes of privacy.

‘Don’t think about it,’ he begged himself. ‘It’s not that bad. If you were actually bursting, then you’d be able to go. Since you aren’t, that means you’re fine!’ He’d attempted to use this sort of logic on himself before, that if he were ever TRULY desperate, then it would be enough to override all the shame that kept him from voiding in public. That, since it never DID manage to do that, he must not have needed to go that much after all. Which would, in turn, mean that he was perfectly alright and there was no reason he should need to flail around and do any ridiculous dances.

It never actually WORKED, though. He knew what ‘desperate’ felt like, he endured the sensation way more often and for way longer than anyone else. He knew what it felt like, and he knew he was experiencing it now, and that it was only a matter of time before he was going to face the greatest challenge of his life; Hiding his desperation from hundreds of onlookers while he threw everything he had at Kakarot.

After a few minutes, Hercule was declared the victor of his match. Finally, it was time for Vegeta to fight Kakarot.

He could do this…

Just had to… Had to stop squeezing against his foot… Had to stand up… Had to— Ahhh— It hurt to stand! It hurt to just STAND! Liquid surged downwards, pushing relentlessly against Vegeta’s opening, burning there. For a horrifying second, he thought he might actually start dribbling, but that didn’t happen. Icy tendrils snaked across his rib-cage, and the pain in his holding muscles increased, but as hard as his bladder was straining, as much as its walls continued to squeeze, nothing came out. The prodding pinches in his back started to grow, intensifying as they climbed ever so slowly upwards.

He spun to face the wall, to shield himself from everyone backstage with him, and he grabbed himself, squeezing as tightly as he could without causing pain. It helped, it took some of the edge off, it made some of the burning pangs in his urethra fade. But, he couldn’t go on stage while clutching his crotch, he had to let go, he didn’t WANT to let go, he—

He… He couldn’t do this.

But, what the Hell COULD he do?! He couldn’t just leave and forfeit the match, he couldn’t go anywhere here, especially not NOW. He was supposed to be in the ring. He had a couple minutes to get there before people would start to wonder. Even if he tried to use the restroom here, the lack of privacy mixed with being given a time-limit, would destroy ANY hope of release. Yet, he couldn’t just NOT go and try to fight Kakarot like this, that wasn’t an option anymore!

He had to do something. When he finally managed to tear his hands away from himself and start gingerly walking, he KEPT trying to come up with an idea, but he could barely think. He was under so much pressure, inside and out, and it made him feel like he was exploding and being crushed at the same time.

He made it to Kakarot’s side as they headed down the hall that would lead to the stage. Barely aware of what he was doing, he grabbed Kakarot’s shoulder roughly. “K—Kakarot, I don’t care HOW you do this, but I— I’m not in a good condition to fight right now, th—this needs to be postponed until I’ve managed to—“

“Vegeta, I’m sorry,” Kakarot said, lowering his voice. “I know you have… Um, ‘that thing’ bothering you right now…”

‘Bothering’ was not a strong enough word. Even the term ‘torturing’ did not do justice to the agony Vegeta was in. And Kakarot really COULD tell? Then why the Hell hadn’t he FIXED it by now?

“But, the only restroom I’ve been able to find is one you can’t— Uh, I mean, one you wouldn’t be comfortable in. I tried looking for somewhere else earlier, but—“

“Is there a—anything heavy?” Vegeta interrupted.

“Uh… What?”

“The door won’t lock,” Vegeta said. “I think if I g—get it wedged it shut, though, then—“

“Right,” Kakarot said. “I haven’t seen anything that would work for that eith—“ He paused. “Wait… Oh, Vegeta, I’m sorry! I’m such an idiot!”

“Yes, a—and I’m the Prince of all Saiyans,” Vegeta responded. “But what does THAT have to do with anything?!”

“I can handle this,” Kakarot said. “Just wait here.”

Vegeta did, leaning back and forth in the hallway. He could hear Kakarot speaking to the announcer, something about how he wasn’t ready to fight yet, that he was too hungry. Vegeta expected the announcer to say ‘So what? There’s a schedule.’ But, apparently Kakarot must have wanted a lunch break between battles here at least once before, because the announcer wasn’t surprised and simply agreed to give him one.

Vegeta was grateful for Kakarot’s insatiable appetite. If Kakarot was forced to admit ‘Actually, my opponent just has to pee really, really bad. Like, so bad that he can’t fight at all,’ Vegeta would have gone straight home and then never left it again.

“Okay,” Kakarot said when he got back. “We don’t have to go on stage for a bit now. Come on.” He led Vegeta to the restroom— The one Vegeta already knew he couldn’t use. Once inside, Kakarot told him “I don’t think we can find anything to barricade the door, but if I’M holding it shut, no one will be able to come in.”

Accepting that this was the best he could hope for, Vegeta slowly made his way to the stall furthest away from Kakarot. He shut and locked the door behind himself, then stood at the toilet, attempting to rid himself of the pressure.

His body refused, bladder twisting and churning as its walls failed to compress and allow his stream to pour. He had NEVER used a public restroom on Earth before. He’d never even tried. The ones on Earth were so much worse than any public facility he’d seen on other planets. This was the only planet he’d been on where the bathrooms were intended to be used by multiple occupants at once. This was the only planet that had those ridiculous urinal things which offered so little privacy that Vegeta couldn’t understand why anyone would even INVENT them.

The stalls weren’t that much better. The door felt so flimsy, and he didn’t think that was just his own strength skewing his perception. He thought even Yamcha could pull it off its hinge if he tried… It was far thinner than any door should be, and there were gaps in the sides— Really small ones, but big enough to bother him. Why would a door have gaps? Particularly one meant for such a private act?

Kakarot would keep anyone else from coming in, but that meant Kakarot would have to remain here, so close to him. He could go in front of Kakarot usually, but he’d only ever done that outdoors. The sound of pee hitting dirt and grass wasn’t as loud as the sound of pee striking water. Kakarot was going to hear—

“Vegeta, it’s just me,” Kakarot reminded. “You can do it!”

Vegeta felt a subtle tug inside his body, those stupid encouragements were having… Their stupid effect. But, Kakarot was SO loud… If anyone was walking by, they’d wonder why in the world he’d be saying such things in a public restroom.

“You’re so strong, Vegeta! This is nothing for y—“

“K—Kakarot!” Vegeta’s bladder spasmed, and to his relief he felt a surge of heat moving DOWN instead of UP. However, when all that came out of him were a few errant drips that he failed to turn into a stream, he gritted his teeth and gnashed them together with frustration. “Kakarot,” he repeated. “T—Turn on the sinks.”

Vegeta heard the hissing spray of several faucets, then Kakarot frantically walking back to the door and slamming a hand against it. “That help?”

Vegeta focused on the sound of the running water, on the fact that Kakarot was the ONLY one near him, and that Kakarot had never given him a hard time about this. From the first moment he’d discovered Vegeta’s problem, all he’d done was try to make it easier. It ticked him off to need Kakarot’s help, but if it had to come from someone, Vegeta actually couldn’t think of a person he’d prefer over Kakarot.

What the Hell? Had he actually just thought that?! No! There had to be TONS of people better suited for this than Kakarot! But, as he went through a mental list of everyone he knew… Of the ones aware of his problem, none of them had initially reacted to it as well as Kakarot had. He was the only one that hadn’t ever teased him or asked embarrassing questions.

Vegeta finally started to pee. The sound of all those sinks was helping a lot. He was confident that his own stream would blend right in and be undetectable, and that thought gave his bladder the push it needed. A dribble of a stream started to plink into the bowl and, a few seconds later, he felt something drop inside of him and he began to spray. His bladder slowly started to shrink back down, walls gently closing in, creating a blissful sense of relief.

It felt so good that he had to gnash together to keep from sighing, a sound he never wanted Kakarot to hear. He REALLY hoped Kakarot couldn’t hear his stream too clearly, either.

Goku COULD hear Vegeta urinating. He wished that he didn’t. Both because he knew the loud hissing spray was probably really embarrassing for his friend and because, mixed together with the noise from the sinks and the sight of the restroom… It was making Goku need to pee as well.

He was going to have to wait, he was certain Vegeta would get VERY upset if he let go of the door. Besides, he’d PROMISED his friend that no one would be able to come in until he was finished peeing, Goku didn’t like to break a promise.

He did hope Vegeta finished soon, though… Goku was realizing he hadn’t peed at all since early that morning, and it was making him squirm. The sinks sounded louder than they had a moment ago, and Vegeta’s gushing was even louder than that. Vegeta always peed so forcefully once he got going. Even when he let it out in the grass, it could get a little noisy. In here, it sort of echoed, forcing Goku to cross his legs.

He WANTED to ask his friend to hurry up, but something told him that Vegeta wouldn’t handle feeling rushed very well. Goku didn’t know if Vegeta could get… ‘stuck’, lock up again when his bladder was only partially emptied. He didn’t want to find out, though. It was silly, but Goku kinda always felt like he’d ‘won’ something when he managed to help Vegeta out with this. He wasn’t sure WHAT he thought he was winning, just that he really liked how Vegeta sometimes smiled at him afterwards.

Vegeta would NOT smile if he accidentally interrupted him. Goku had to be patient and hold it, as much as he disliked the tingling, spasming sensation in his bladder. He knew he should probably train his holding muscles just like he had the rest of his body, however the only way he could think of to DO that was to deliberately get desperate a bunch of times and try to wait until he was just about to have an accident. That was so uncomfortable that he’d never managed it for very long.

Goku uncrossed his legs and started to bounce. ‘Vegeta said he normally pees for five minutes and, yeah, I guess that’s how long it usually lasts… Hasn’t it been five minutes yet?’ He could clearly hear EVERY drop of liquid being expelled inside that room. Every drip pattering into the basins of the sinks. Every bit of fluid being rejected from Vegeta’s bladder.

Goku had stopped being shocked by Vegeta’s capacity a while ago. After he’d heard him pee enough times, the surprise had faded. But, now he was thinking about it again. Thanks to what that other contestant had said earlier about Vegeta being… Well, kind of short…

Goku had actually never THOUGHT that much about Vegeta’s size. Of course, he always recognized that he was taller than his friend, but Vegeta could fly so it wasn’t like he had trouble reaching for stuff. And his height never got in the way when he was fighting— If anything, it was more of an advantage, since it made opponents underestimate him. So, Goku had never really registered ‘Oh yeah, Vegeta’s sorta small.’

Now, though… Vegeta was sort of small, and his bladder had to actually FIT inside of him somehow. No wonder Goku had noticed his middle getting swollen sometimes, it was struggling to find enough ROOM. Goku didn’t think there was enough space inside his OWN body to cram that much fluid— He was tapping his feet and adjusting his position every few seconds holding far LESS.

Vegeta stopped peeing for a second, and Goku got his hopes up. ‘Please, let that be all of it…’ he thought, tapping his feet against the ground and shaking with need. ‘I gotta go, Vegeta!’

Vegeta took in several deep breaths, and then his stream resumed, just as loud and forceful as ever.

“Mmmf…” An involuntary noise of discomfort left Goku’s lips. ‘Vegetaaaaa… Please, please hurry!’

Goku glanced to the urinals off to the side. They were a FEW paces away, but maybe if he pushed REALLY hard he’d be able to reach one from h—

The stall finally opened and Vegeta walked out. His shoulders were slack and, for a second, Goku assumed that meant something was wrong, then realized ‘Wait, Vegeta’s relaxed— I didn’t know he could do that!’

Vegeta went to one of the still gushing sinks as Goku asked if he still needed to hold the door.

Vegeta pulled one of his gloves off with his teeth and shook his head.

Goku watched. “Um, do you leave your gloves on when you go pee?”

Vegeta turned to him, “What are you—“

“Because, I’ve never seen you take them off first, so why are you washing your hands if they didn’t touch anything?”

Vegeta stared at him for a second. “I… Don’t know,” he admitted. “Guess that is rather pointless.”

“I mean, I don’t wash MINE off after I pee and I don’t even have gloves…”

“Kakarot, have you ever once THOUGHT about your words before speaking?”

Goku paused. “Um…”

“I was being rhetorical.”

“What’s wrong with being Vegeta?”

“… I am not gonna go easy on you out there,” Vegeta stated.

“I wouldn’t want you to,” Goku said. “Let’s—“ He stopped, anxiously shifting. “Oh, I forgot! I have to go, too!”

“How the Hell do you ‘forget’ that?!” Vegeta demanded. He left the room to wait for Kakarot. He could actually stand up straight, he could walk without any stabs of pain flaring through him. He felt sort of loose, missing a bit of his ever-present tension.

Kakarot returned, and put a hand on Vegeta’s shoulder. “Okay, time to—“

Vegeta jerked away, “Why would you touch me when you JUST told me that you never wash your hands after you—“

Kakarot took his hand back, looking genuinely perplexed. “Does that bother you?”

“Of course it bothers me!” Vegeta yelled. “What is WRONG with you?!”

“But, I don’t pee on my hands,” Kakarot said. “All I’m touching is my—“

“EXACTLY!” Vegeta grimaced. “Gah, you really ARE such an idiot!”

“… Do you feel all better now?”

Vegeta looked away, folding his arms, reddening.

“Guess that’s a yes?” Kakarot gathered. “I think we should get back soon, they’re probably wondering what’s taking me so long to eat.”

“You are… I guess, you’re good at coming up with these excuses,” Vegeta admitted. He could never think clearly when he was desperate, he’d be sure to blurt out something idiotic, or accidentally give the truth away.

“Really?” Kakarot asked. “I’ve given some pretty bad ones before… Remember Buu?”

“What about—“ Vegeta covered his face. “You mean, THAT time you were— Don’t mention that!”

*031*2023-11-29 21:27

Written for the Omovember prompt "Adding Omo To A Canon Scene".

***

A few months ago, when he’d been brought back to life while Kakarot was fighting Buu, Vegeta was given an awful surprise. The first time he’d been resurrected, after his death at the hands of Frieza, when he came back he’d needed to relieve himself quite a bit. It was the same way he felt when he woke up after a long sleep— His bladder was too full to ignore but he wasn’t painfully desperate. He was able to wait until he found somewhere he could go without TOO much trouble.

He hadn’t been dead for very long that time. Not even an entire day.

With Buu, he’d stayed dead for almost two days.

The length of time he’d spent in the afterlife was the only difference between his two experiences with resurrection. It was the only explanation for why, the second time around, the moment his halo vanished and he was back among the living, he suddenly felt like he was trying to hold back a tidal wave.

He was caught so off guard by the sudden need that he was unable to stop his legs from crossing or his hands from flying to his crotch.

Kakarot turned, focused first on the space above Vegeta’s head. “Hey!” He said. “Your halo disappeared too! You’re back to li—“ He paused, and Vegeta took that painful moment to try and straighten himself out again. “O—Oh… Uh, King Kai told me about this… When you come back to life, everything in your body moves in fast-forward to make up for the lost time. So, that’s probably why you’re so hungry now.”

Kakarot just thought he was hungry?! How many people GRABBED themselves because they wanted food? Whatever. He was grateful for Kakarot’s idiocy. “Y—Yes. I’m starving…” He muttered. In the back of his mind he was thinking about how long KAKAROT had stayed dead in the past. And, Kakarot’s bladder wasn’t disobedient, it didn’t lock itself down no matter what…

Vegeta tried not to think about how THAT had likely ended. It was easy to do, since he was in a bit of a panic now. He’d had a plan to defeat Buu, one that involved him fighting with the monster to distract him while Kakarot prepared the spirit bomb. Of course, when he’d THOUGHT of that plan, his bladder hadn’t factored into it. He hadn’t thought he’d be coming back to life, and he hadn’t thought that resurrecting would make him desire to void so strongly.

Now, if he went through with this idea, he would have to fight this creature when there was no chance that he could perform at his best. It wasn’t even that he’d be too focused on holding it in to fight, he knew that his bladder’s contents would surge up, not down. A… ‘humiliation’ seemed impossible. The issue was just the pain itself. It wasn’t easy to move when the center of his body was being tormented from within. It wasn’t easy to focus. It wasn’t easy to use any of his attacks. His bladder was an enormous block separating him from his power.

The spirit bomb was the ONLY way to defeat Buu, though. And, no way would Kakarot be able to charge it up unless Buu was busy with something else. For now, Buu was occupied with fighting his other self, but how long would that last?

Trying his best to stand up straight when the boulder of his bladder was weighing him down, Vegeta explained the plan to Kakarot. “And i—if I need to, I’ll fight Buu to distract him…”

Kakarot, the moron, hesitated. “You’re… Now? But… Uh— I just don’t think it would work. Taking a little energy from everyone on the planet won’t be enough.”

Vegeta turned away. Kakarot looked concerned, and Vegeta couldn’t handle seeing an expression like that when he needed to… “Let the Earthlings save themselves for once. You’re going to take MORE than a little. You’re going to take as much energy as you can.”

Vegeta needed a way to speak to the people of Earth, which was provided by King Kai. He needed to convince them to lift up their hands so that Kakarot could absorb their energy. Vegeta had NEVER been very good at ‘asking’ people for things. If he wanted something, he’d demand that it be given to him. He was positive he’d only said the word ‘please’ a few times before in his life. Add onto that the needling, sick pressure of his bladder begging him to get this finished as fast as possible…

“JUST DO IT, RAISE YOUR HANDS UP NOW!”

Even as he tried to explain that giving up their energy would save their planet, Vegeta could just SENSE that they were all terrified of him and didn’t believe a word he said. This was confirmed when the ball of energy Kakarot held above his head stayed small. Only their friends on Earth had listened.

A thrashing spasm launched itself against the sides of Vegeta’s bladder and he struggled to quell it by just rubbing his legs together. Furious, he started to shout at the Earthlings again. “D—Do you want Buu to kill all of you again?! G—Give up your energy and this will all be finished!” Before he could stop himself, a word slipped from his mouth in a tone so pitiful he couldn’t believe it had come out of him. “Please…”

Thanks to King Kai, Vegeta could hear the worried, scared murmurs of everyone back on Earth. All of them were saying that this request couldn’t be trusted. Vegeta twitched. The evil Buu was still locked in a fight against the good Buu. There were very few beings even ON this planet, there were trees, and bushes, and oh how he needed to go…

He was seriously starting to consider TRYING to get at least a little of his ocean out, just enough that it wouldn’t hurt so much… Everybody on this planet was gathered in one little spot, if he could make himself fly, he’d have privacy soon—

The Earthlings could hear everything he SAID… If he urinated, they’d be able to hear THAT, too. If he peed, he’d broadcast it to an entire planet. That moron Hercule had been muttering to himself about this whole Buu situation being a dream, and now Vegeta was wondering if he was actually right. He was in a situation where he was bursting and the only way he could relieve himself would result in the whole world hearing him do it. It was exactly like one of his nightmares.

He could tell King Kai to break the psychic link or… Whatever he was using to establish communication with Earth. He could tell him to pause that for a moment because he needed privacy. King Kai would then demand what the Hell Vegeta could need so much privacy for at a time like this.

And… And he’d be right. The whole Earth was on the line— Vegeta’s family was in danger— And he was coming apart because his stupid bladder hurt. That was DISGRACEFUL. Urinating didn’t matter. What mattered was that he’d already had ONE planet and family taken from him, he wouldn’t allow that to happen a second time.

It wasn’t TIME to void. If he were like Kakarot and could do it right in the open where he stood, THEN maybe he could try to fit a piss-break into this. But, since he wasn’t like Kakarot? Since he was the way HE was, and voiding had to be this long, arduous process? He couldn’t relieve himself now, and he needed to just ACCEPT that and focus on what he NEEDED to do.

‘I don’t need to urinate,’ Vegeta thought, ignoring the sharp, bubbling aches beginning to creep up his back. ‘I don’t need to. I only want to.’ These were the things he’d told himself back when he’d been ‘training’ his bladder, back when he’d believed his aversion to public pissing was just a product of his own strength, and not a curse of his weakness. ‘I don’t need to go. I don’t. I never need to go.’ He was so full… His legs kept rubbing together, thighs clenching, feet bouncing. ‘Kakarot’s focused on the spirit bomb, he won’t notice anything… And Hercule’s a moron, it doesn’t matter what he thinks. You don’t have to go, you don’t have to…’

His urethra burned and stung, and he felt like his most sensitive parts were being cut into. Heat broiled within him, he could almost feel it in his bones. There was no room left in him for all this liquid. ‘Make room…’ He ordered his bladder. ‘I don’t need to go.’

As Vegeta tried to convince himself that his bladder was HIS prisoner and not the other way around, Hercule— for reasons that are beyond mere mortals— decided to throw a rock at the evil Buu. It struck the creature on the shoulder, made him stop fighting his good counterpart, and turn.

Vegeta’s bladder had just gained an ally in its fight against him. Vegeta had fought two-against-one before, but this time one of his opponents was going to be INSIDE of him, impossible to dodge…

“H—He’s seen us…” Vegeta winced out, making a mental list of all the things he was going to do to Hercule to TORTURE him for this. At the very top, he planned to make Hercule hold his bladder for three full days. If he pissed himself, the timer would reset. Two bottles of water every hour. Thus ensuring that he spent the remainder of his life enduring just a small fraction of the HELL Vegeta was about to go through.

He forced himself into a fighting stance, his thighs screaming and bladder pounding. His back was starting to sting, he knew what was coming… “Kakarot! I’ll buy some time! You persuade the human idiots!”

“B—Buy time?” Kakarot repeated. “But, you’re still weak from before… And—“

Vegeta didn’t allow Kakarot to continue, he forced himself into the air, bladder twisting up within him like a cheap balloon animal. He didn’t feel like the liquid was sloshing, there wasn’t enough space for it to move anymore. It was a solid rock of unbridled need and agony, and he just KNEW it was going to get hit at some point. His torso was such an easy spot to LAND a blow. Any slam to his stomach, to his sides… He didn’t WANT to know how that would make him feel, but he KNEW he was going to find out.

Sure enough, the second he’d reached the evil Buu, the creature slammed a fist into Vegeta’s lower abdomen— As if Buu somehow just KNEW that that was his weakest spot at the moment. The pain that ensued was at a level Vegeta hadn’t known existed. It was far, FAR worse than what he’d suffered the day Kakarot had ACCIDENTALLY kicked his bladder. This time, the assault was deliberate, full-force, and coming from something that packed an even greater punch than Kakarot.

The volcanic eruption of acidic warmth flashed up his back instantaneously. No warning, no build-up, just all at once. The stone of his bladder seemed to harden, becoming more heavy, more insurmountable. His urethra burned as hot as the surface of the sun…

“Guh…” Vegeta felt like he was either going to vomit or pass out. But, he didn’t feel at all like he was going to… start peeing. He didn’t feel ANY of the fluid within him trying to move down. He couldn’t believe it, but it was DESPAIR he felt when he realized that, not relief. If that blow had jarred his bladder into emptying, he’d at least get to fight at full-strength afterwards.

He wasn’t even sure if Buu peed, if he’d know why Vegeta was suddenly… leaking water… And— If he pissed himself while battered and hurt, after being slammed really hard in the bladder, it would be… Understandable. He thought he’d be able to FORGIVE himself for it, given the circumstances.

But he couldn’t even be granted the humiliation of an accident to free him from this torture. He couldn’t even have THAT. Not one drop was escaping him, all of it locked inside his body and searching for an exit that didn’t seem to EXIST.

Buu gripped his hair and tugged him down, and Vegeta actually… TRIED. He TRIED to… To let go as he was. This was the only situation where he thought he could mentally HANDLE voiding on himself. He was going to piss himself so that he could fight better— That— That was— ANY Saiyan warrior would do the same! If something was affecting the ability to battle, and it could be removed, then of course it would be done away with!

But, as Buu kept wailing on him, battering him and bludgeoning his bladder so many times that Vegeta’s eyesight blurred, snapped and his vision became little more than a stark white flash of nothingness, he just could NOT go… He couldn’t soak himself in front of a creature that was overpowering him so thoroughly. He couldn’t handle going back to Kakarot, back to everyone, with his clothes wet. He couldn’t tell if the Earthlings were still able to listen to everything going on here.

Even as his thoughts became more fragmented, the pain so overwhelming that it became the only thing to exist for him— that concepts like ‘shame’ and ‘embarrassment’ proved so abstract that they were beyond his comprehension— his body would not award him with the bliss of it finally breaking completely.

Eventually, Buu slammed him to the ground and he landed on his front, the impact reverberating through his bladder, up his back, down his length. This, he thought, must have been his punishment. This was what the universe had decided to penalize him with for all the horrid things he’d done in Frieza’s army. He’d committed so many heinous actions, and now the consequence was a pain so unfathomably awful that it made him MISS being dead.

“RUN, VEGETA!” He heard Kakarot yell suddenly. “HERE IT COMES!”

Vegeta could still barely see a thing, he knew Kakarot probably had the spirit bomb ready. He knew he had to get up, he had to avoid being hit. But he couldn’t move. The furious throbbing in his core was so intense that it seemed to have shut down all of his other body parts. He couldn’t even make his fingers twitch.

This was his punishment, to be broken, torn apart, reduced to such a weak, pathetic state that he couldn’t even wriggle his pinky— And more at the hands of his own useless body than his actual opponent. Buu had defeated him, but he had had a TON of help. Vegeta’s bladder was the real victor of this battle, without it, it may have taken Buu much longer to force him down to this level.

Kakarot was still shouting at him to move. “I don’t wanna hurt you!”

Vegeta tried again to raise himself up. As he did, acid scorched up his back, and bile in his throat. He hacked, “Just do it, stupid!”

For the next few seconds, Vegeta wasn’t sure what was happening. He expected to be hit with a blast containing the energy of everyone on Earth, but instead he felt himself being lifted up and carried off. The jostling made his bladder sear more, but he was already in so much pain that it hardly registered to him.

He realized the person carrying him must have been Hercule… Of all the…

No. No. He didn’t care anymore. He just wanted this to end. He needed this to end.

He was laid back down on the ground somewhere. If he had the energy, he would have yelled at Hercule to turn him onto his back, laying on his front meant a lot of his own weight was atop his bladder. But, he could barely speak, and he doubted the change in position would make much difference. His need was so severe that the only thing that could possibly make him feel better would be to finally void.

His body still wouldn’t let him do it, though. Even after he kept telling himself that, if there was ever an ‘acceptable’ moment to have an accident this was it, his bladder wouldn’t release.

He was able to hear Kakarot struggling with the spirit bomb, able to hear it finally reaching its target, able to hear the defeat of the evil Buu. It all happened so fast, yet, oddly it also seemed to take ages. Time was moving very strangely, Vegeta felt like he was hallucinating, or drifting in and out of consciousness.

Time continued to move as a blur, Vegeta could hear Kakarot’s footsteps, Dende arriving with the Lord of Lords. He heard Dende running over to Kakarot, and Kakarot saying “Could you heal Vegeta first? He’s pretty tired…”

“Certainly,” Dende said, followed by more footsteps. Slowly, Vegeta felt his banged up body starting to pull back together again. His vision was clearing up. Aches were fading away but, unfortunately, the biggest source of pain wasn’t easing up at all.

Dende could sense points of pain all throughout Vegeta’s body. As he concentrated on each one, he felt all of the injuries working themselves out. Except for one. Dende could sense a great deal of aggravated tension in Vegeta’s lower torso, yet no matter how hard Dende focused on that area, the pain continued to radiate as strong as ever. He gave up on that part for a while and worked through the injuries to Vegeta’s arms and legs. When he went back to his pelvic region, the stubborn pangs actually seemed to be worsening.

He shut his eyes, trying to clear his mind completely. This had never happened before, usually he could restore anyone to full health. Why had all of Vegeta’s other injuries faded so easily?

Now that his body wasn’t so battered, Vegeta started to squirm around where he was laying. He couldn’t help it, now that he COULD move, it felt… A little better to do it. The fidgeting of his thighs and twitching of his legs only took the slightest edge off of his agony, but even a tiny decrease in the pressure was heavenly at that point. His fingers started to twitch, he wanted to grip himself… He managed a few quick squeezes when he was certain Kakarot and Hercule weren’t looking. That felt better, too…

Although, any time Dende moved his hands above Vegeta’s lower stomach, he felt his bladder compress and squeeze and the stinging pulses at his opening started to burn. He needed to get… Somewhere. Anywhere that he could go. Please… This needed to be over…

“Aren’t you f-f-finished yet?” He demanded, shuddering as his voice lost its usual bite.

“A—Almost,” Dende said, voice tinged with concern. What was going on? “There’s just… This has never happened, but I’m having trouble healing one of your injuries.”

Vegeta didn’t FEEL like anything was still broken. But, maybe his bladder was hurting so badly that he couldn’t notice anything else. If he were anyone else, he might have been able to tell Dende to just take a break for now, tell him that there was another thing he REALLY wanted to do soon.

“Um, there’s… a lot of tension around here…” Dende said, waving his hands over Vegeta’s lower abdomen. “I can’t get it to go away…”

No… Please, no… Dende could SENSE the fullness of Vegeta’s bladder?! That was humiliating! And, since none of Dende’s actions had made the urine bloating it out go away, that meant that if he COULD ‘heal’ it, he would make Vegeta have an… An…

Absolutely not! It was no longer acceptable to have an accident, Vegeta had missed that chance, and now he had to HOLD it!

At least, he thought, Dende couldn’t TELL what the source of Vegeta’s pain was. Of course he couldn’t. Namekians didn’t have bladders. Namekians didn’t ever need to pee, lucky bastards…

Kakarot came closer. “Dende, is he alright?“

Dende motioned to Vegeta’s abdomen. “Is he ill?” He asked. “I can’t cure disease, and I can feel this part is causing him a lot of pain, but it won’t fade.”

Kakarot’s brows knitted together as he mumbled to himself “I really thought that would have…” He looked down at Vegeta. “You can stand up now, right?”

“O—Of course I can!” Vegeta said, scrambling to his feet. The change in position was too abrupt for his bladder, and he doubled over on himself with a pained growl.

“Oh, lay back down!” Dende said. “Let me try agai—“

Kakarot cut him off, “Hey, Vegeta, looks like Buu… Messed up one of your boots.” He gestured down. Indeed, Vegeta’s left boot was coming apart, his toes sticking out slightly. “There’s… Uh… Lots of… Really sticky honey over by those trees WAAAAY over there…” Kakarot pointed off. “I bet that would help it stay together until you get home!” He paused. “Oh, and it’s a good thing everyone on Earth can’t hear us talking anymore, I know Bulma gets a little annoyed when she has to fix your clothes.”

Vegeta didn’t care about his boot being damaged now. He’d definitely want it mended later, but he couldn’t trouble himself with it yet. He also didn’t think Kakarot’s moronic suggestion of sticking it back together with honey would do any good.

But, going to those trees way off in the distance, while everyone THOUGHT he was just trying to fix his shoe? That WAS a good idea. Kakarot didn’t realize how much he’d just helped Vegeta out, and like Hell would Vegeta ever tell him.

Vegeta stumbled off. He tried to walk normally, and hoped any awkwardness in his steps would be chalked up to his shoe being damaged. Once his back was to everyone, he allowed his hands to move to his crotch, squeezing down tightly. The relief this granted him was amazing—Suddenly, he felt like he’d die of a ruptured bladder in ten minutes instead of in ten seconds!

He made it to the trees and looked back, confirming that the others were now gone from his field of vision. Just to be safe, he took several steps further and hid behind the foliage. Finally….

He undid his pants and aimed. For the second time that day, Vegeta managed to say the word “Please”. It made him shudder with revulsion, he sounded like he was begging… Begging to pee… So shameful…

Nothing happened.

He wanted to scream. ‘There are… What? Maybe four people on this entire planet? And none of them are near you! None of them know that you’re… voiding. Just—‘

A sharp pinch at the base of his cock and a burning trail moving down its length made him grit his teeth and push down hard on his holding muscles, finally a halting dribble began to spatter forth. It stung, but he was so grateful to finally be getting something out that he didn’t care if it wasn’t going to feel good right away.

After a few more seconds of gritting his teeth and FORCING a shuddering, burning stream from his body, he felt a slight tug inside himself and at last started to gush out the typhoon he’d been dying to let go of for so, so long. To his immense shock and embarrassment, his knees wobbled a little and made him stagger. Imagine if someone had seen that… Him going weak just because it felt so good to urinate.

No one had seen, though. He was the only one that knew. The only one that knew it was possible for him to be so relieved that his knees got limp and loose… This was the most privacy he’d had in a long time. On a nearly deserted planet, far away from the only other creatures here. His shoulders started to loosen up too, his back, his arms… He realized there was basically nothing for him to be concerned about now. Buu was defeated, Vegeta was going back to his family, he was finally peeing and no one knew…

He felt really weird. A good kind of weird, but still… Weird. This looseness was so foreign to him. Of course, his bladder was feeling lighter, but the rest of him was too. It felt like something had disappeared from his body, something that had been there for so long that he’d never noticed it until its absence shifted things so drastically.

He didn’t know what the missing feeling was, nor what to call this new one. He liked it though, he wished he could have it more often. “Ahhh…” He breathed out, then flinched at the ridiculous sound he’d made. ‘No one’s around to hear it…’ he reminded himself, and the nerves faded.

As usual, it took him close to five minutes to finish, and when he stepped away from the enormous puddle he’d made, he realized how much his bladder had caused him to hunch. He was finally able to stand up to his full height again…

He returned back to the group. “Phew…” he sighed softly, some of the haze of his relief clearing as he tried to remember what everyone THOUGHT he’d been doing. “The honey didn’t glue my boot back together,” he said.

He noticed Kakarot was sort of… staring at him. Looking him up and down VERY intently. Vegeta crossed his arms and turned away from him. “What are you looking at, Kakarot?”

“Nothing,” he said. “You feel… All healed up now, right?”

“Yes.”

“Great!” Kakarot said. “Let’s go home, then!”

Vegeta felt something new then, or rather, he DIDN’T feel something. Again, a sensation he’d grown much too accustomed to seemed to have vanished. The hollow feeling, the one that had clawed at him ever since the Cell Game; It wasn’t there any more, he didn’t even sense any remnants of it. He thought, maybe, that this time he hadn’t merely placed a bandage over it, something that would come off eventually and allow the ache to return. He thought that maybe the feeling was finally gone for good.

He couldn’t think of a reason why, but he was glad to finally be freed from it.

“Oh, right,” Vegeta said. “You’re coming back to Earth now, aren’t you? You still aren’t finished ruining my life?”

“Heh, guess not,” Kakarot said.

Vegeta glanced around. The others were all busy fussing over the remaining version of Buu. “Kakarot?”

“Yeah?”

Moving extremely quickly, Vegeta— Well, he definitely didn’t HUG Kakarot! He just… Got closer to him and SORT OF put his arms around him for a second!— No, just half a second!— Hell, BARELY even THAT long! More like one tenth of half of a second! And then, just as quickly, he moved away, putting a decent amount of distance between them again. He turned back to Kakarot and glared; “That DIDN’T happen, Kakarot!”

“Okay,” Kakarot said.

“I mean it,” Vegeta said. “If ANYONE hears about this, you WON’T be coming back to life ever again!”

“… I missed you too, Vegeta.”

“And what’s THAT supposed to mean?! I didn’t miss you one bit, you imbecile!”

&&

*033*2023-12-14 04:02

Kakarot won their fight, which Vegeta supposed was a good thing in the long run. When Kakarot went against Hercule, he intentionally lost as promised, and actually managed to make it look genuine, too. Vegeta didn’t think he could will himself to LET that buffoon win against him, not after the torment Hercule had unintentionally put Vegeta’s bladder through months ago.

He doubted that anger would be going away any time soon. Every time Vegeta saw that fool, he was reminded of how torturous it had been to try to fight such a powerful opponent when everything inside of him was tied in knots and close to bursting.

A new anger started to form after the tournament. He was alone with Bulma for a moment, waiting for the others to arrive so Hercule could buy them dinner. (If he thought food could placate Vegeta after that stunt, he had another thing coming…) Bulma spoke in a low tone, “I’m very proud of you, Vegeta.”

Initially, Vegeta smirked, “You should be. Kakarot just BARELY won this time, I nearly—“

“You actually TRIED today,” Bulma interrupted.

“Uh, yeah, I ALWAYS try,” Vegeta said. “You think I’d half-ass a fight?”

“I didn’t mean the fight,” Bulma said. “I meant… You know, BEFORE the fight.”

“Wha—“ Vegeta went pale. “Did— Did Kakarot TELL you?! I’ll KILL h—“

Bulma held one of his hands, “Settle down! Yes, he told me after the final match. Because I asked if you were okay. When you were fighting Gohan, I thought it looked like you—“

“O—ON STAGE?!”

“Shhh, shhh—“ Bulma squeezed his hand harder. “I just know what to look for now because I’ve been paying attention,” she said. “No one else would have noticed.”

“I would appreciate it if you STOPPED paying attention!” Vegeta hissed.

“I thought you looked uncomfortable,” Bulma pressed on, trying to ignore the intense blush and scowl on his face. “So, I asked Goku if you were alright. And, I’m so proud of you!”

“Sh—Shut up…” Vegeta muttered. Dammit, did she have to do this now?! Couldn’t she wait until they were back home, at least? Ugh, why was this kind of making him feel good?!

“And, you didn’t JUST try, you actually DID it,” Bulma said. “Now, was it as horrible as you were imagining?”

Using the public restroom HADN’T been as heinous as Vegeta had always pictured it. But, that was ONLY because it had just been him and Kakarot, and no one else was even able to come in. It hardly counted, this didn’t MEAN anything.

“It… Didn’t make me want to die,” Vegeta said.

“There, see? That’s good! I’m sure once you do it a few more times, it will get even easier!”

Vegeta tried not to shudder at the thought of trying it again, perhaps somewhere he’d be more likely to be noticed. Perhaps even without Kakarot around to… Fix things. He probably WOULDN’T try that again. Today had foisted an extremely specific set of circumstances onto him, negating all other options. Any other time, he’d have far more agreeable choices available to him.

But, fine. He’d done it once now, the woman should be satisfied with that. She should stop with all the ‘Oh, but why don’t you just TRY’ comments now. He’d done what she wanted, so she could finally drop the subject.

She didn’t drop the subject.

Nope, now that he’d used a public toilet once, she seemed to think that gave her MORE reason to encourage him to do it again. After dinner, she spoke to him privately outside again, suggesting he try to pee before they headed home. “Let’s keep it up,” she said.

Vegeta… Kind of had to go, it had been a while since he’d last peed, and he’d had plenty to drink with dinner. But, he could EASILY make it home. Even if he had to ride in Bulma’s slow plane again, he’d arrive in his room with plenty of time to spare. The throbs in his middle barely even registered to him. “Don’t have to,” he said.

“You’re shaking, I know what that means.”

“Because I’m exhausted,” Vegeta forced a yawn, feeling his bladder cramp a bit in response. He ignored its pulsing, not daring to even tense his thighs lest Bulma notice and needle him further. “Did you want me in the plane with you and the boy, or am I allowed to—“

“Just try,” Bulma said. “You did so well— We have to reinforce that. Goku’s still here, so if you want him to—“

“I don’t need to go, Bulma,” Vegeta lowered his voice, even though they were alone. It was utterly humiliating to have to argue about this. And, how dare she make him think about peeing? His bladder was much too suggestible for that! He’d already learned his lesson about that today! If he thought too hard about needing to go, then he’d make himself desperate! He was already feeling some warning twinges.

Bulma glanced over him once more, “Alright, if you’re sure… But, this means you WON’T run to the bathroom as soon as we get home, right?” She winced as soon as the words had left her mouth. She wasn’t sure what she was thinking, she knew how Vegeta would react to that kind of statement.

“Of course not,” Vegeta said. He flinched as well. He’d been planning to go as soon as he was home, even if it wasn’t urgent by then. He hadn’t been lying about being tired, and he’d learned that going to sleep without peeing first tended to end poorly. If Bulma intended to monitor that, if she EXPECTED him to be bursting once they got home… He’d have to wait for a bit, and show absolutely NO signs that he needed to go even a little!

Unless she allowed him to fly home by himself and he was able to beat her there. That would work just fi—

“And, yes, I did want you to fly back with us.”

Dammit…

Okay, the new plan was just to NOT think about peeing. He barely had to go right now, and now he was obsessing over it again just like he had earlier in the day. He’d fill himself up so much faster if he didn’t clear his mind.

They went back into the restaurant. Trunks was sleepily sitting at their table, yawning loudly. Vegeta glanced over and saw Goten was already asleep in Kakarot’s lap. He hoped Trunks managed to stay awake through the flight home, the boy could serve as a decent enough distraction while Bulma was focused on controlling the plane.

Vegeta nudged Trunks, “Alright, get a move on.”

Trunks’s eyes snapped open a little further, “Hm…? Oh…” He groggily got to his feet and stumbled after his parents.

Bulma suggested that Vegeta should carry him before he completely passed out, but Vegeta refused. It would only encourage him to fall asleep, and Vegeta needed him up. “He can manage a five minute walk, can’t you son?”

“Mmmf, yeah…” Trunks mumbled.

They boarded Bulma’s plane. Vegeta sat down and Trunks got beside him, resting his head on his shoulder and shutting his eyes. As the plane took off, Vegeta tried talking to him, “I’m proud of you for winning,” he said, hopeful that the praise would spark a bit of life into him.

It didn’t, Trunks just nodded slightly, and then he was fast asleep.

And Vegeta was alone with his thoughts, most of them focused on how uncomfortable his bladder felt being knocked around by the motion of the plane. Some of them dwelling on how difficult it would be to squirm now that Trunks was sleeping on him. Others annoyed by Bulma’s earlier comment, and how it meant he’d have to KEEP holding it once he got home to prove her wrong.

He attempted to speak with Bulma for a bit, so that he could fill his brain with something else, but she told him she needed to concentrate, so that didn’t work either. His only companion was his rapidly filling bladder, and IT was talking to him WAY too much. He’d been an idiot at dinner, he shouldn’t have let himself drink anything. He shouldn’t have satiated his cloying thirst, should have just lived with it. All that water was moving downwards now, billowing out in his bladder, making its aching walls sting and twinge.

And, his middle still felt sore from the day’s earlier desperation. He’d already come so close to his limit that afternoon, and after adding a fight with Kakarot on top of it, his body was raw and pleading with him for a break. It didn’t WANT to be pushed so hard yet again. He mentally scoffed at that idea, it was ALWAYS time to push himself, he didn’t NEED breaks, he didn’t have to recover from anything, ever!

Even if the tenderness in his abdominal muscles really WANTED him to settle down for a while…

There was nothing he could DO about that anyway, though. The plane didn’t have any facilities, and even if it DID, he wouldn’t use them. The very same muscles that were scorched and chafed, throbbing as they begged him for some rest, would suddenly remember what their purpose was if he tried to give in here.

Vegeta would wait until he was home, and then he’d wait a little while longer so that Bulma would be proven wrong. That was what needed to happen, he had no other choices. He could move one of his feet around a little, though. He could tap and bounce it, just a bit, not too much. Not so much that it became obvious, but enough to excise some of the nervous energy clamping around his bladder.

As Vegeta shifted, Trunks started to move too. Vegeta thought for a second that he’d accidentally woken the boy up, and wasn’t sure if he should feel bad about that or not. But, Trunks’s eyes stayed closed, he was just thrashing his legs a bit. That was merely a sign that Trunks was sleeping deeply. Saiyans moved like that when they slept, it meant they were dreaming of battle.

That presented a SMALL problem for Vegeta, being so close to him. Bulma complained to him frequently about how he’d accidentally kick her in the middle of the night, and now Vegeta was at risk of being on the receiving end of that himself, and he had to hope that Trunks didn’t strike him near his bladder.

Trunks rolled to the other side of his seat, still kicking, and hitting Vegeta’s outer thigh. Vegeta tensed it, wriggling as he felt his bladder slosh at the impact. Its delicate walls felt bruised, even though Trunks HADN’T hit his abdomen. He shoved Trunks over a bit, shaking him slightly in an attempt to wake him.

He didn’t wake up, but his fidgeting calmed down a little, at least.

Vegeta looked out the window. It was dark, but his Saiyan eyes allowed him to see just fine. But, he didn’t have a particularly good angle, he wasn’t sure how close they were to home. So, instead he tried to find the chi signals of either of Bulma’s parents, and discovered they felt pretty faint. They must not have been very close.

Thinking back to his and Bulma’s earlier conversation, he realized she was kind of right. He’d taken a big step today with regards to his problem. If she’d decided to discuss that with him at HOME instead of making a big deal out of it in a public location, he might have been able to see that a little easier.

But, it was true, he HAD managed to do something today that he’d never done before, something that he’d never even dared to TRY before. Even if he had required Kakarot, even if it had only worked because the two of them were alone. A few months ago, he’d lost his ability to breathe just at the thought of doing anything like that. Kakarot had needed to teleport him home before he completely lost it.

Today, he’d forced himself to DO it. And, it hadn’t been as miserable as he’d feared. With the solitude, the certainty that Kakarot would keep the door shut until he was good and ready for it to open again, it hadn’t been TOO different from going at home. Once the sinks were on, he hadn’t even been able to help himself, his bladder emptied right away. And it had felt good.

It had felt so fucking good… Such a relief, finally ridding himself of all that pressure… Nnnh, fuck! He tensed his thighs, rubbed his knees together. Heat was encircling the base of his cock, an irritating throb as his bladder convulsed and tried to force something out. He wanted to feel that relief again, he wanted to feel it again now!

Dammit, dammit, he had to stop thinking about that! Imagining himself peeing, picturing how amazing it would feel to let his wounded, abused muscles ease up for just half a second— He had to think of something else.

He’d almost beaten Kakarot at the tournament. Yeah, he’d gotten REALLY close. If he’d just been a little faster and dodged that last attack, he would have done it! Next time one of these silly contests came around, he’d win for sure. And, he WOULDN’T pretend to lose to Hercule, either. No, he’d claim his rightful place as the world’s strongest, and ALL would know he was—

Trunks was flailing again. He kicked Vegeta’s side, just close enough to his bladder to jar it. Harsh throbs radiated out across his abdomen, and he leaned backwards in his seat, squirming his feet against the floor. Eyes fixed on Bulma, he tentatively put a hand against himself. She wasn’t watching, so it was okay to do this for now, just until his body calmed back down again.

When the awful spasm subsided enough that he was able to remove his hand, he gave Trunks another shake, “You are kicking me,” he muttered. “And why do your kicks feel stronger when you’re asleep? Don’t tell me you hold back against me when we’re training, if you do, I’m gonna ground you for a—“

“Mmm, I don’t wanna go to school…” Trunks’s eyes blearily opened, he looked around himself for a few seconds in confusion, then his eyes widened a bit.

And the motion of his legs hadn’t stopped…

“Dad…?” Trunks asked. “Where are we?”

“We are returning home from the tournament,” Vegeta reminded. “I woke you because you were kicking me and it was getting on my nerves. You can go back to sleep n—“

“Are we almost home?!” Trunks asked, brows furrowing. He sounded really panicked.

“I’m able to sense your grandparents, so we should be close,” Vegeta said. ‘We’d better be,’ he thought. Even now with Trunks awake to distract him, his bladder’s insistent pulsing still demanded most of his attention. And the thoughts of… Of ‘going’ still hadn’t ceased, either. Frustrating and mortifying as it was, he just could NOT stop envisioning himself voiding, he was actually fucking FANTASIZING about it. The daydream about defeating Kakarot at the tournament couldn’t even hold his interest as easily as the one about just emptying his swollen bladder.

“Okay…” Trunks said. He sat quietly for a second, then shifted again, moving roughly in his seat. “What time is it?”

“I don’t know,” Vegeta said. “Late.” What time WAS it? And what time had it been when he’d last voided? How many hours had his bladder had to fill up? And all that water… “You can go back to sleep if you want. Just try to stay still.”

Trunks shrugged, looking down at his lap. It looked for a second like he was going to try to sleep again, but then he asked “Daaaad, are we there yet?!”

Vegeta frowned and turned away. Trunks was too old for this game. Furthermore, he shouldn’t even NEED to play it. Vegeta could sense that they still had a way to go, so Trunks should be able to do the same. “Find your grandparents’ chi,” he sighed.

Trunks shut his eyes for several seconds, “Mmmf, I can’t!”

“Of course you can!” Vegeta insisted. “You’ve been able to sense chi since you were two! Just concentra—“

“I can’t!” Trunks insisted. “I haven’t gone to the bathroom since before we left for the tournament!”

Fuck.

Fuckfuckfuckfuck. Trunks had been waiting even longer than Vegeta had been, and Vegeta felt like he was going to explode. Why hadn’t Trunks gone at the tournament?! He must not have been able to, that was it. The problem was spreading, he’d inherited it, Vegeta had cursed him forever.

Trying to calm himself, Vegeta asked “Why not?” Please… Please, don’t let it be THAT reason… Anything but that. Trunks didn’t deserve that. Vegeta’s heart was thrashing around as much as his bladder, there was ice all the way down to his bones, and it wasn’t just in his chest. It was everywhere. His arms and legs were chilled, his fingers felt frozen. Please, anything but that.

“When we were backstage, I just didn’t HAVE to go,” Trunks said. “And, then the line for the audience bathroom was really long, and Goten and me were gonna go during the intermissions, but he got there first and took too long, so I didn’t have a turn. And I didn’t even have to go that bad until dinner, but I couldn’t find the bathroom, and I was so tired by then.”

Vegeta tried to keep the relief off his face. The problem hadn’t spread, Trunks was just unlucky. Still… ‘You could have TOLD me,’ he thought. He watched his son fidgeting. What if he couldn’t make it home? Vegeta was so desperate himself, and this would be even worse for Trunks. His son HAD to make it. If he had an accident, Vegeta wouldn’t know what to say, how to deal with it, what to do to keep him from feeling too ashamed.

Could he fly Trunks the rest of the way home?! Would that get him there faster?! Could Vegeta even FLY right now?! His legs had been glued together for ages, and he’d been picturing himself trying not to just STAGGER when he finally got up and was able to leave the plane. Flight would be…

He concentrated again. It felt like they were really close. “T—Ten minutes,” Vegeta said. “We are ten minutes away. Is that alright?”

Trunks flinched, but nodded.

Vegeta shouldn’t have woken him up. He’d been having an easier time while he’d still been asleep. He should have let Trunks keep kicking him. Over and over again. Even if he slammed his foot directly into his bladder, Vegeta should have just let that happen!

Fuck, he finally had a distraction from his own desperation, but it was the worst distraction possible. Trunks was blushing, he was so embarrassed, he was humiliated to be seen this way… Trunks had inherited Vegeta’s pride, and that was supposed to be a good thing, but it could hurt him sometimes too.

Gotta… Gotta do something. Vegeta couldn’t allow that shame to build. He just couldn’t. If Trunks ended up with The Problem, he’d never forgive himself for letting it happen. Just, had to change how he was thinking. How to do that? How did thoughts and feelings work?! Ugh, Vegeta didn’t know! Feelings were hard, they weren’t like fighting. Fighting was easy, teaching Trunks to fight was easy, Trunks liked to follow his lead. Even when he hurt himself, Vegeta KNEW how to make him feel better, he just had to pretend to be hurt too because usually it was the embarrassment that bothered his son more than the pain—

That was it, wasn’t it?   Ugh, dammit, it probably was… And, Vegeta wouldn’t need to ‘pretend’ this time. He’d just have to… give in, squirm like his body was demanding him to. He had to shut his eyes as he let his legs cross, let his hands move between them, let himself be… Obvious, even though Trunks was looking at him. If this didn’t ease some of the humiliation for his son, Vegeta would be amazed. “Mmmf,” he moaned. “Th—The tournament was entirely too long…”

Trunks was staring at him now, and his face flamed, but he didn’t dare stop what he was doing. It was necessary for his son, and now that he’d STARTED holding himself, he didn’t think he could let go. He kept it up the entire rest of the way home, and the redder his own face got, the less embarrassed Trunks seemed.

When Bulma landed the plane and they were finally able to get out, she immediately noticed Vegeta’s blatant desperation, “Uh-huh,” she rolled her eyes. “You definitely ‘didn’t need to go’…”

“Sh—Shut up…” Vegeta gritted out. She didn’t understand! She didn’t understand that his blatant neediness was for Trunks’s sake— Speaking of, “Trunks, d—do you want me to carry you?”

Trunks nodded, which was kind of surprising. He hadn’t ASKED to be carried in a long time. Vegeta picked him up, cringing as he was forced to bend down to do so. He leaked slightly as he stood up again, and now that his hands were full, his desperation reached a fevered pitch. He rushed off, trying to remember where the closest restroom to the entrance even WAS. He never used it, he’d never committed it to memory.

“That way, Dad…” Trunks whined, pointing off in the opposite direction.

“R—Right, right!” Vegeta said, turning around. He reached the door and set Trunks down, then stood by the door and waited for him, shifting between his feet. The front desk receptionist and the other employees weren’t around this late at night, so he didn’t bother hiding his discomfort.

Until Bulma caught up, anyway. Then, he tried to straighten up a bit, “B—Bulma, I—“

“Vegeta, if you HAVE to go, you don’t need to keep waiting now, forget what I said earlier,” Bulma told him.

“I’m fine…”

“You looked like you were ready to burst getting out of the plane…”

  Vegeta’s face burned. “I am waiting on—“ His head jerked around to face the door to the restroom. He heard very soft, muffled sniffling. Fuckfuckfuck—

“Huh?” Bulma asked. “Vegeta, what’s—“

Vegeta knocked on the door, “Trunks?” He asked. The ice was back, and it was all the way down into his bone marrow now. He felt that constricting sensation around his chest, the one that had come those times he’d forgotten how to breathe.

“Dad…” Trunks whimpered. He sounded so… Defeated… Vegeta couldn’t tell if his son WANTED him around or not. But, he decided to open the door anyway.

Trunks… Hadn’t made it… Fuck, this was how it would start! What was Vegeta supposed to do?! How did he make this better?!

“Trunks, it’s…”

‘Pathetic, worthless, little monkey brat…’ Frieza’s voice taunted him. ‘Weak, useless, disgusting creature…’

Vegeta shoved the thoughts away, the memory of himself wet and humiliated, as Frieza listed off everything that was wrong with him. ‘This is why you all need ME, your future king is a pitiful, tiny runt, so feeble and hopeless… He could never lead you. I could crush him like nothing. That’s what you are, Vegeta; Nothing.’

Frieza wouldn’t shut up… And there were more memories now, Frieza pinning him, backing him into a corner, Frieza emphasizing how weak he was compared to him. They were all flooding back.

He realized that he’d just been standing there, squirming between his feet unintentionally, and not saying a word.

“Dad, I’m sorry!” Trunks cried out. “I tried to, but I wasn’t strong enough!”

Shit— No— Not that— Don’t let him start thinking like that— He was going to break—

Vegeta tried to say something, but his head was now so full of Frieza that nothing else would come to him. But, he had to do something, he had to make this better.

Trunks had felt better about squirming around after Vegeta had started doing it, too…

No, no, no! He couldn’t! No! He’d rather die a million times over! No, no!

He’d never seen Trunks so ashamed of himself…

‘Just do it,’ Vegeta commanded himself. He forced his body to go still again, he forced his legs apart. This would be easier to do if he got himself into a position that made it harder to hold his bladder. He even put a hand over his lower abdomen and squeezed, sending shockwaves of pain through himself. ‘Do it, do it…’

He felt something building, but then the feeling faded just as quickly. Even with his eyes closed, he was hyper-aware of everything. ‘Kakarot technically made you… Do this in front of Trunks once before. Just do it. Get it over with.’ He was so certain that this was the only thing that could make Trunks feel better, he smoothed the hand over his bladder again, then pressed until he saw stars. His back erupted in sudden, violent pains as the acidic feeling sprayed up through him all at once. “Nnnnmmmfff!” He bit back on the pained yelp that always accompanied that awful feeling, and begged his muscles to loosen up, for his bladder to empty itself down his legs, creating a massive, embarrassing puddle.

If he didn’t do this, Trunks would continue to feel ashamed. This was the only way to erase the embarrassment. If Vegeta didn’t do this, Trunks would inherit The Problem.

‘COME ON,’ Vegeta mentally screamed at himself. ‘DO IT! DO IT, DAMMIT! JUST DO IT!’ But, his bladder just WOULDN’T release. He needed to go so badly that he was nauseas, his back was in nonstop, blistering agony, and for the first time in his life he WANTED his body to fail, but he couldn’t even get out a drop.

“Dad…?” Trunks asked, rubbing his eyes. “I’m sorry! Please don’t be mad!”

Shit, now Trunks thought he was angry! He was making it worse! He was making it— He balled his hand into a fist and slammed it against his lower abdomen. He managed to knock the wind out of himself and he stumbled backwards as his bladder cramped, squeezed, and the heat that had been pressed against his dam for so long finally started to move down, then out.

Shitshitshit, he was actually DOING this… He was voiding on himself, and he was doing it on purpose. He’d WANTED to do this so much that he’d punched the fuck out of his bladder. His middle felt seriously bruised now, he’d put so much of his strength into that hit…

He felt the warm trickle moving down his leg, he was going, but just BARELY. He was trying to push so that he actually let loose for real, but that wasn’t working this time. Trunks was staring at him now, and when he glanced down he saw a visible wet spot was forming. His son was watching as he had… Had an…

Could this really be called an ‘accident’, though? He’d FORCED it to happen, he’d fought HARD to make this happen. But, still… The fact he was actively voiding while someone was LOOKING at him was enough to cause some serious heart palpitations.

He continued to release the halting, slow stream for about half a minute, but then it receded and he couldn’t get it to resume. He hadn’t even gone enough for it to reach the floor, just soak his leg a bit. He considered another punch, but was worried about breaking something if he did that. The first time had been risky enough. “Th—There…” he made himself say. “You can’t be embarrassed now. I fixed it.”

Trunks had stopped crying, and was still just staring at him, so he figured he’d achieved his goal well enough. His bladder was basically shattering inside of him, though. It was straining to pump out the rest of his urine, and failing every time. He looked at the toilet in THIS room, then decided it probably wouldn’t work out, so he left.

Bulma was still by the door, “Vegeta, WHAT is going on…” she trailed off as she looked at the damp streak going down his leg. She cleared her throat and glanced away, pretending not to have seen it.

She watched him rushing off towards the bedroom before heading in to check on Trunks.

Vegeta darted down several hallways before he finally entered the living area. His hands wedged between his legs, he managed to get to his bedroom and into the restroom. His heart was still so loud in his ears, cold sweat rolling off of him in buckets. He fumbled the lock into place, after tonight he NEEDED the lock…

He got his clothes apart and aimed. He cringed as his hesitant stream resumed. The usual sensation of his bladder deflating and shrinking back down felt different this time. A little more achy, his middle continuing to throb. He knew that was probably because of the hit he’d delivered to himself, but it wasn’t pleasant.

It was also hard to go. And not in the USUAL way that it was hard for Vegeta to go. There weren’t any unpleasant ‘feelings’ or ‘thoughts’ that were making his body not want to release. No, this time THAT part was working, but he had to sort of strain and push to get it to keep coming out. Every time he pushed, he’d be rewarded with another gushing trickle, so he wasn’t locked up, but the automatic part of it seemed to be gone. And, at no point did he finally ‘burst’ and start spraying like he was used to doing.

He felt like he was trying to wring out a damp cloth, and he seriously had to force the last few dribbles out of himself.

Oh well. Not like he planned to punch his own bladder again any time soon. This would heal eventually.

He left the restroom and found Bulma sitting on the bed, frowning.

“What?” He asked.

“Vegeta… I swear, EVERY time I think I’ve figured you out, you go and do something that I can’t possibly understand.”

“Huh?”

“Your son had an accident,” Bulma said. “And, instead of helping him clean up, you PUNCH yourself, make yourself… ‘Go’, and then claim that you’ve ‘fixed’ something. What were you TRYING to do?”

“Nothing. You wouldn’t get it.”

“I definitely don’t get it NOW,” Bulma said. “Why would YOU deliberately try to—

“You wouldn’t understand.”

“Enlighten me.”

Vegeta struggled. It all made perfect sense in his head, but trying to come up with the words to explain it was really hard. “Well… Uh… When Trunks was… Upset… I… Wanted to… Or, rather, I DIDN’T want to… I can’t pass this down to him, alright?”

“Pass what— Oh. You were worried Trunks would start to…”

  “Yes,” Vegeta said.

“And, you thought if he saw YOU have an… If he saw you do that, he wouldn’t feel ashamed?”

Vegeta nodded.

“Okay, I guess that KIND OF makes sense,” Bulma said. “But, PLEASE don’t ever punch yourself like that again.”

“I wasn’t planning to!”

“I’m serious. I’ve read about this thing, if your bladder’s full, and it’s hit hard enough, you will get hurt BAD. And I don’t even know if Dende will be able to patch it up.”

“I’m fine, Bulma.”

“THIS time,” she emphasized. “But, you need to be careful. Don’t you EVER do anything that stupid again.”

“… How is the boy?”

“I think he’s too confused to feel embarrassed anymore, if that’s any consolation,” Bulma said. After a pause, she added, “As much as I wish you HADN’T hit yourself like that, I’m kind of impressed that you were prepared to humiliate yourself just to make Trunks feel better. That must have taken some serious strength.”

Vegeta froze, his eyes going wide, his expression uneasy. But, he didn’t snap at her to shut up or turn away to ignore her like he usually did when he was embarrassed.

“I mean it,” Bulma said. “I’m surprised with how well you handled everything today. You managed to pee in a public restroom for the first time ever, and you care so much about your son that you were willing to embarrass yourself for him. You’re starting to get just as strong mentally as you are physically.”

“I—“ Vegeta stared at her, looking for any sign that she was trying to tease him, but she wasn’t.

“I just thought you should know that I’m really proud of all the progress you’re making, you’re definitely powerful enough to work through this.”

Vegeta shivered, but in a way that Bulma recognized meant he was pleased. If he’d still had his tail, it would have been wagging now.

*034*2023-12-18 21:10

Goku squirmed as Chi-Chi drove. He had to use the bathroom so badly! He just wanted to get out of the car and fly somewhere so that he could go! “Mmmf…” he whimpered, bouncing his knees. He was trying not to tap his feet too much, since he could actually shake the car up that way, but it was really hard! His bladder was gonna explode! “Hnnng…”

Chi-Chi sighed, “I told you to go before we left.”

“I didn’t have to go then!” Goku whined. “Nnnh, can’t you just pull over?”

“No, I can’t just pull over,” Chi-Chi said. “We’re already running late. This photographer is very busy, he won’t be happy if we miss our appointment.”

“Just— Just drop me off, and keep driving without me! I’ll fly to catch back up!”

“No, Goku,” Chi-Chi said. “We’re almost there, and I’m not going to have you pee on the side of the road.”

Goku crossed his legs back and forth, squirming uncontrollably. If he didn’t go soon, he thought he was going to die! “Awww, come on! I’ve done it before!”

“Not in front of Goten,” Chi-Chi said, gesturing at their sons in the backseat. “You’ll set a bad example!”

“I pee outside all the time already, Mom,” Goten said.

Chi-Chi groaned, “I KNOW you do, but you shouldn’t… Be like your brother; He goes inside like a CIVILIZED boy.”

“Nuh-uh,” Goten said. “Not all the time. When we train, he pees in the bushes with me!”

Gohan was blushing now. “Goten… Come on… Do you really have to talk about that?”

“Well, you DO,” Goten said. He looked back towards his parents. “But, don’t worry, he’s still polite ‘cause he asks me permission first. And then I get to make him do stuff before I say yes.” He laughed. “Gohan, remember when you had to let me head-butt you as a Super-Saiyan before you could pee? That was funny!”

Gohan cringed at the memory. That had seriously hurt… He’d nearly had an accident right there on the spot! It had seriously taken all of his strength to manage to hold it in. And then Goten had just started giggling at his ‘funny dancing’, and he’d barely managed to recover enough to actually GET to a bush once Goten had told him he could pee. “… Yeah… Funny…”

“Gohan!” Chi-Chi snapped. “Don’t play games like that with your brother, I don’t want him to think it’s okay to tease people when they need to pee!”

Gohan frowned. It wasn’t a ‘game’… Not really. He NEEDED to hear someone give him permission before he could relieve himself, his body wouldn’t WORK otherwise. Making Goten THINK it was just a game was the easiest way to get him to go along with it. “Don’t worry, Mom. I’m sure he won’t get ideas like that!”

As if to prove him wrong, Goten leaned forward a bit to face his father. “Heheheh,” he laughed. “Dad, are you gonna blow up?”

Goku tried to laugh good-naturedly, but his bladder was seriously stretched out. It was painful. He wasn’t used to enduring the pressure for this long. Since he was never picky about WHERE he peed, he rarely had to spend much time waiting to do it. Even during long fights, he had a method of taking care of this urge without much trouble. Being forced to contain himself like this was agony. “Eheheh, I might…” he said. It really FELT like it, anyway. His insides felt like they were yanking themselves apart.

Goten suddenly looked worried. “Wh—What?” His eyes blew wide and his lip started to tremble. “Really…?”

Maybe that was a bad thing to say to a child with a vivid imagination, who’d only JUST gotten his father back from the dead…

“Hey,” Goku said gently. “I didn’t mean it— I won’t ACTUALLY blow up, don’t worry! That can’t happen. It just feels like I will, that’s all.”

“Mr. Vegeta blew up once,” Goten said.

“That was for… Different reasons,” Goku said. He crossed his legs back and forth again. The pressure inside of him was so severe… Maybe he really COULD blow up? No, no… If that were possible, then Vegeta would have exploded WAY more than once by now. If that were possible, Vegeta would probably explode on a weekly basis, and the dragons would be getting REALLY tired of finding loopholes to keep bringing him back to life. “Mmmf… Can’t hold it…”

“Oh. Well, Mr. Vegeta can hold it a really long time,” Goten said.

Goku flinched. The warm sweat he’d been drenching himself in during his struggle to hold it suddenly turned icy cold. Had Goten figured it out somehow? He was too young to pay THAT much attention to other people’s habits, wasn’t he? Or, maybe Goku had accidentally said something while Goten had been able to hear? Ah, Vegeta was gonna be so mad at him!

“Trunks said he once didn’t pee for over a day,” Goten said. “Can you wait that long?”

Goku sure couldn’t! He didn’t even think he could wait until the end of this drive!

“I guess you don’t have to, though,” Goten continued. “Mr. Vegeta told me he has to wait all the time, ‘cause of— Oh!” Goten covered his mouth and laughed. “I’m not s’posed to say!” He started to whisper. “It’s a biiig secret…” he giggled again.

Wait, wait, wait… Vegeta TOLD him?! Vegeta actually TOLD him?! But, why would he ever— Goku’s cold sweat started to warm up again. He felt relieved— Though, not in the way he desperately NEEDED to. Goten had found out because Vegeta had CHOSEN to tell him. He just couldn’t think of ANY reason that his friend would do that. Goku had only found out about it because he spent so much time with Vegeta that he’d figured it out for himself. Bulma had had to argue with him for ages before he told her what had been bothering him… Vegeta didn’t give up this information willingly. It had to basically be dragged out of him.

Gohan was eyeing Goten now, his eyebrows raised. Goku hoped his older son wasn’t going to pry… He probably wouldn’t. That didn’t sound like something Gohan would do, but still… He was awful curious about stuff sometimes…

“I HOPE Vegeta hasn’t actually tried to hold it that long,’ Chi-Chi sighed. “An entire DAY? Really?”

‘He’s done it for TWO days before, actually,’ Goku thought. His knee began to bounce even more frantically as he recalled their camping trip. He’d never seen ANYONE get that desperate to pee before, and it was reminding him way too much of his current discomfort.

“Seriously, Goten, you can’t believe EVERYTHING Trunks says to you,” Chi-Chi continued. “That’s just not possible. Vegeta would have had an accident WAY before then. And, besides, why WOULD he do something like that?”

“‘Cause of the secret!” Goten said with a shrug.

Goku gazed out the window. He was trying to gauge how much longer they would be driving for, but since he was so used to traveling by flight and seeing things from above, he wasn’t even sure where they were. He tried to seek out some chi signatures to get some idea, but couldn’t concentrate. All he could feel was the insurmountable weight of his extremely full bladder.

“And what IS this ‘secret’?” Chi-Chi asked. “Knowing Vegeta, he probably claims to have ‘surpassed’ such ‘feeble needs’, right?”

Goku felt another chill. He actually shook with it, his bladder searing in protest. Ahhh, he had to pee! Every tree and bush they were driving past seemed to beckon to him… He could water the life out of those right now!

“Heh, no,” Goten said.

“Then, what is it?” Chi-Chi prompted.

“I can’t tell you! It’s a secret!” Goten reminded. “If I tell, it won’t be a secret anymore!”

“You can tell me,” Chi-Chi said. “I won’t let anyone know you told.”

Goku shifted, uncomfortable from more than just his immense need for the bathroom. Why was Chi-Chi so interested in this?! It sounded like she thought it was just more of Vegeta’s usual exaggerated grand-standing, which she DID usually find pretty funny… But, she had to realize that if that WERE the case, he wouldn’t have demanded it be kept a secret!

“I can’t,” Goten said. “Mr. Vegeta’ll get mad at me— And he’s REALLY scary when he’s mad!”

“He won’t find out,” Chi-Chi said. “Come on, what ridiculousness has he come out with THIS time?”

“Um…” Goten worried at his lip. “I don’t wanna say…”

Ahhh, Goku couldn’t let them keep talking about this! He had to get them to stop someh— “Mmmf, please stop talking about peeing!” Goku begged, wriggling even more urgently in his seat. “Please?! I’m gonna burst and go all over the seat if you don’t! It’ll be really gross!”

Chi-Chi rolled her eyes. “Oh, Goku… We’re nearly there, just hold on.”

“You said that forever ago!” Goku whined, both to keep Chi-Chi distracted, and because… Well, he really WAS about to wet the seat any second now! He could feel it coming! The pressure was pushed right up against his opening, it wouldn’t be long before he was letting out a waterfall!

“I know, but we really ARE very close now,” Chi-Chi said. “Be patient for a few more minutes.”

“I don’t think I can!” Goku exclaimed, writhing around and holding himself. This was working, she was forgetting all about Vegeta’s ‘secret’… And, it was helping him keep his bladder from bursting, so that was a win too!

“You can do it, Dad!” Goten cheered, then laughed.

Gohan glanced towards the front seats. This was far from the first time he’d seen his father on the verge of wetting himself. He had vague memories of when he was about two years old, and he was just learning how to recognize when he needed to pee. When Dad was about to take him out fishing, Mom reminded him over and over to make sure he went to the bathroom first. Gohan listened and did as he was told, then went out with Dad.

By the time they were at the lake, Dad was doubling over, moaning and holding himself. He said something to Gohan about how he wasn’t allowed to pee outdoors in front of him, lest he get the wrong idea about where people were SUPPOSED to go, then added “Ohhh, but I can’t hold it!” before rushing behind a bush.

Dad ALWAYS waited until the last minute whenever they’d trained together, too. Sometimes, Gohan would have to SAY something—“Dad, do you have to use the bathroom?”— before he’d even seem to REALIZE that he had to pee, and had been crossing his legs back and forth for a while.

“Oh, right! I forgot!” Dad would say, before relieving himself in the closest possible spot. Sometimes, he’d add; “Don’t tell your mom I’m doing it out here.”

And, of course, when they’d been in the time chamber together and Dad had been SO intent on turning Gohan into a super Saiyan… Well, Dad had ended up ‘marking’ a few spots in the vast, white void that they weren’t able to find again to clean up later.

So, Gohan was used to seeing his father on the verge of an accident. He was sure that, for MOST people, it was the other way around— Tons of memories of their dad seeing them desperate when they were younger— But, not for Gohan.

This WAS the most desperate he’d ever seen Dad get, though. He hoped he wasn’t about to witness his father wetting himself. That would just feel… Wrong. He looked out the window and realized they had ALMOST reached their destination. Maybe three more minutes now.

“Seriously, Goku,” Chi-Chi said. “This drive hasn’t been THAT long. Am I going to have to put you in training pants, like I did with Goten when he was little?”

Goku turned to stare at her, “… There are special pants for training? Why didn’t anyone ever tell me?”

Gohan frowned, “Uh, Dad—“

“Does Vegeta have some already? That’s not fair!”

“… You probably shouldn’t ever ASK Vegeta that,” Gohan advised.

“Why?” Goku asked. “If he’s got something to help him get stronger, and he hasn’t told me, then that’s—“

“Hey, Dad, we’re here!” Gohan interrupted.

Goku seemed to forget about ‘training pants’ entirely as he looked back out the window. “Finally!” He said. He reached for the door handle right away, and Chi-Chi had to scold him to hang on until she had parked the car. He was the first one out once she had actually done so.

Goku squirmed uncontrollably beside the car for a second, trying to figure out how to walk without any of his pee coming out. He had a feeling that he’d leak at least once between here and the restroom, and just had to hope the damage wouldn’t be too severe. Chi-Chi was gonna be awfully mad if he had a dark spot over his crotch in their family photo.

He wondered if he could just fly, save himself the trouble of having to take actual steps, but he could NEVER fly when he had to pee. The energy required to just levitate a tiny bit off the ground needed to be put towards keeping his bladder from exploding.

Once he felt like he could move without completely drenching himself, Goku rushed into the photography studio. He spotted the restroom in the back, and his heart nearly stopped when he saw that it was out of order.

Ahhh, no! He couldn’t hold it! What was he supposed to do now?! Chi-Chi was gonna make him hold STILL while the guy took their picture, and Goku COULDN’T hold still. They were gonna have to do it over and over and over again until he finally got it right. That was going to take SO long that Goku would burst!

Goku rushed back outside, “Chi-Chi!” He whined. “Can you tell everyone to wait a couple minutes?! I need to go somewhere else!”

“No, Goku!” Chi-Chi scolded. “We’re already late! What is—“

“The bathroom here isn’t working, and I really, really, really can’t wait!”

Chi-Chi looked sympathetic for a second, but then shook her head. “I’m sorry, Goku. This was the only time I could book an appointment, the photographer’s schedule is completely full.”

“My bladder is completely full!” Goku cried. “D—Do I HAVE to be in this picture with you guys?!”

“Of course you need to be in the photo!” Chi-Chi said. “You didn’t show up for ANY of the ones we’ve taken in the last seven years!”

“… I think I kinda have a good excuse for that,” Goku said.

“You DON’T today.”

“I do!” Goku insisted, jiggling around even more. “Please, I need to go so bad!”

“I’m sorry,” Chi-Chi said once more. “Could you just try to hold it until we finish with this? I’ll… I’ll even let you do it on the side of the road afterwards if we can’t find anywhere else.”

Goku glanced around. “C—Can I go behind the building?!” He asked. The wall of the studio now looked Heavenly to him. It was the PERFECT place to get some relief!

“No,” Chi-Chi said. “Someone might see you!”

“… So?”

“Goku, just try to wait, alright?”

“I can’t, Chi-Chi!” Goku said. “I’ll— I’ll pee myself! You don’t want me to have wet pants in the photo, do you?!”

Chi-Chi frowned, “Of course not. And I’m sorry that you’re having such a crisis right now, but I really don’t know what can be done about it. You can’t pee outside here, you WILL get in trouble, and if there’s not another bathroom, then you’re going to have to wait.“

“I can’t wait! I—“ Goku was struck by another idea. “Hang on!“ Goku twisted and crossed his legs, tangling them together. He placed the hand not clutching his dick to his forehead. “I’m gonna— I’m gonna teleport to Bulma’s real fast, okay?! I can go there, and I’ll be right back, I promise!”

“… Fine, but hurry, alright?”

“I will, I swear!” Goku said. He concentrated, but he couldn’t find Bulma’s chi. He knew he should have been able to— He was very close to West City, after all. But, he had to go so badly, and Bulma’s power level wasn’t that high, it was hard to spot when he couldn’t focus hard enough!

He… He could sense Vegeta, though! Vegeta’s energy was so strong that it was WAY easier to pick up on. Goku noticed that Vegeta’s chi felt a little different than usual, kind of lighter for some reason. He was probably taking a nap, and he was gonna get mad when Goku suddenly appeared and woke him up.

But, ohhh, he couldn’t hold it! Vegeta would forgive him for interrupting his sleep eventually, right?!

Goku closed his eyes and focused with all his might, then felt himself beginning to change location. It was working, he’d get relief soon…

“D—GAAAAHHHHH!”

CRASH!

Goku opened his eyes, confused by the sounds. It took him several seconds to register what was happening. He hadn’t appeared in Bulma and Vegeta’s bedroom like he’d assumed he would…

He had appeared in their bathtub. Vegeta had fallen back against the door of the bathroom, his zipper was down and he was frantically trying to cover himself up. His face was redder than Goku had ever seen it, and there was a bit of pee on the floor beside the toilet.

“Wha—“ Vegeta’s mouth opened and closed a few times, like he had forgotten how to speak. He must have remembered pretty fast though, because he screamed “WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!”

“… Whoops…” It was all Goku could think of to say.

Vegeta grimaced sharply and the hands between his legs now seemed to be clutching onto his exposed member. His bladder must have still been quite full. “K—Kakar—“ His hair was sparking now, too, flecks of gold appearing among the black strands. “KAKAROT!”

Goku held himself firmly and shifted from foot to foot. He should have considered this possibility when he’d noticed Vegeta’s energy felt different— He already knew it felt lighter when Vegeta was peeing, as well as when he was sleeping! It felt that way anytime he did ANYTHING that made him a little less tense.

His energy was back to normal now, though. He was as tense as tense could get! Oh, crap! This was going to set him back, wasn’t it? Now he was gonna have trouble peeing at home in case Goku suddenly teleported in from out of nowhere. Now, he wasn’t gonna TRUST Goku enough to help him out anymore!

He’d screwed up SO bad! “V—Vegeta, listen… I didn’t mean to do thi—“

“Out,” Vegeta growled.

“I really didn’t— I thought you were just sleepi—“

“OUT!” Vegeta yelled. He stood up, still trying to cover himself. His gaze kept flicking down to his crotch, then back up to Kakarot, his blush somehow managing to get deeper.

“Okay, okay!” Goku said, rushing for the door. His bladder was convulsing hard at the sight of the toilet, but he was pretty sure if he asked to use it right now, Vegeta’s transformation into a Super Saiyan would finish and half of Capsule Corp would be destroyed.

“OUT!” Vegeta repeated. “Just— Fuck! GET OUT!”

Goku left the room. “I’ll… Um…” he said timidly. “…Just shut the door again for you… So you can—“

“Sh—SHUT UP!”

Goku scurried off. He had no idea how he was going to fix this. He hoped Vegeta was able to finish now… He… Ohhh, he had to PEE! He couldn’t hold it anymore! He rushed into the next closest bathroom and fumbled his clothing apart. His bladder was spilling before he’d even aimed, and he accidentally got some on the floor. This made him remember the small puddle he’d caused Vegeta to make on the floor, and he shuddered a bit.

As good as it felt to finally release his urine, Goku barely felt any actual relief. He had SERIOUSLY messed up. This HAD to have been one of the worst mistakes he’d ever made. It was a complete and total accident! He’d really thought Vegeta was sleeping! He hadn’t even CONSIDERED that he could be doing anything else.

He hadn’t seen Vegeta THAT mad in a long time. Or that embarrassed. Goku wasn’t sure which emotion Vegeta had been feeling more strongly.

Once Goku finished, he tried to figure out what to do. He’d promised Chi-Chi he’d be back right away, but he didn’t want to leave his best friend like this. They needed to talk about what had just happened. Hopefully Vegeta WOULD talk to him.

He went back to the bedroom. Vegeta was laying down with his hands over his face. He wasn’t squirming anymore, so at least he was able to finish…

Goku didn’t say anything for a moment, just stood in the doorway nervously.

“… Kakarot,” Vegeta said finally. “I know you’re there. I can sense your energy.”

“Vegeta…” Goku said. “I’m REALLY sorry…”

Vegeta said nothing as he sat up and slowly forced his hands away from his eyes so he could look at Goku. “The next time we fight, I am not holding back at all. You’re going to need fifty senzu beans by the time I’m finished with you.”

Goku turned away. Vegeta was speaking softly, but sometimes when Vegeta got really, REALLY mad, he didn’t yell. He just started talking in this super firm, gravelly tone instead. Goku hadn’t heard him use it on him in a while.

But, he had said ‘the NEXT TIME we fight’, so that meant he still wanted to SEE Goku in the near future, even if it was just to beat him half to death.

“I’m so sorry,” Goku repeated. “But… Um… You know, I’ve seen and heard you pee before. You’ve done it in front of me lots of times. And, you’ve told me when you NEED to go tons of times already, too. So, er, nothing NEW really happened today, right? I already know that you have to pee sometimes, and I’ve already been near you when you’re doing it. It’s nothing we haven’t done before, the only difference was that I surprised you— And I really, REALLY didn’t mean to, I swear!”

“… The ‘angle’, Kakarot,” Vegeta grimaced. “Before, you’ve only seen me from the back when I’m… Doing that. This time you could… See…”

“But, I already saw your thingy when we switched bodies,” Goku reminded. “And I barely even saw it today ‘cause you covered up with your hands so fast.”

“I still want to be able to relax in my own home, Kakarot. Without worrying that you’re gonna pop up and—“

“I’m sorry!” Goku said. “Um… You can look at MY thingy, so that way we’ll be even!”

“… I’m not even going to dignify that with a response.”

“What was that, then?” Goku asked.

“Ugh…”

“I really did not mean to embarrass you so much…” Goku said once more. “I promise, I’ll never do it again. If your chi feels all light and loose like that, I’ll assume it’s ‘cause you’re doing something you need privacy for, I promise.”

Vegeta looked away. “I… When I first found out you could teleport, I was… Deeply concerned that you’d end up doing something like this to me someday. I imagined you just appearing when I was… urinating, or showering, or getting dressed…”

“And— And, when I found out about your peeing thing, I promised myself I wouldn’t teleport to you unless I was SURE you weren’t trying to go,” Goku said. “I just wasn’t thinking clearly today, and I’m SO sorry.”

“… It’s kind of always been in the back of my mind that you’d do something like this someday,” Vegeta said. “It’s felt… Inevitable. Now that it’s actually happened…”

“It wasn’t as bad as you were picturing it?” Goku asked, hopeful.

“No, it was EXACTLY as bad as I was picturing it,” Vegeta corrected. “But, at least now that it’s happened, I’ve… Gotten it over with. I can stop worrying about when you’re finally gonna end up doing that.”

“So, you forgive me?”

Vegeta rolled his eyes. “I’ve… Made peace with it,” he said instead. “You were GOING to do this someday, we’ve just finally gotten it over with.”

“I’m sorry,” Goku repeated.

“Why, Kakarot?” Vegeta asked. “Why were you—“

“‘Cause I had to pee really, really bad, and the bathroom at this place we were going to was out of order, and Chi-Chi wouldn’t let me do it behind the building, and this was the only place I could think of to go.”

“You were going to piss behind a damn building?!” Vegeta asked. “Right out in public like that, where anyone could see?! Do you have ANY shame at all, Kakarot?!”

“The area wasn’t that crowded!” Goku said. “It’s just this little photography place, we were gonna— Oh no, I forgot!” He put his fingers back to his forehead and disappeared a moment later.

Vegeta groaned. “… Idiot…”

*035*2024-01-03 20:57

Vegeta laid face-down in bed, grimacing. He would never admit it, but he’d overdone it today. His arms were sore, his neck was sore, his spine felt like it was going to disintegrate. He’d turned the gravity up even higher than usual while he’d been training, and when that had resulted in pain and his body had failed to adjust, he hadn’t been able to make himself lower it again. Lowering it would be admitting defeat and, even if he was the only one around to witness it, it would still be unacceptable.

So, now every muscle he had hurt. But, at least he hadn’t given up!

Bulma looked over at him as he winced, “Vegeta, did you nearly crush yourself in the gravity chamber again today?”

“… No,” Vegeta said.

“Uh-huh…” Bulma said. She reached over and started to rub his back. She knew the gentle strokes wouldn’t do a whole lot to ease the aches, but it would be better than nothing.

When Vegeta didn’t pull away and insist that he was fine, Bulma knew he must have REALLY pushed himself, which meant that tomorrow she’d have to come up with some way to convince him to spend the day resting… That was always like trying to pull teeth from a bear.

“That… Feels good…” Vegeta admitted after a moment.

“It’s supposed to,” Bulma said. “Wow, you have a ton of knots…”

“Knots…?”

“Yeah, it’s this thing that happens to people’s muscles sometimes, like a spasm that makes them tense up a lot.”

“Feh, maybe humans get those, but a Saiyan’s muscles are—“

“Usually, they’re caused by repetitive motion, or anxiety, or dehydration…”

“All things that DON’T apply to me,” Vegeta said. “If you’re feeling anything like a ‘knot’ I’m sure it’s just something Saiyans are SUPPOSED to have.”

“Vegeta, literally ALL of those things apply to you! You train constantly, you feel a lot of anxiety, you don’t drink enough—“

“I drink plenty of water now!” Vegeta insisted. “I drink as much as you force me to!”

That was true, but Bulma still needed to continue gradually INCREASING Vegeta’s fluid intake. By now, he was drinking enough for an average person, but NOT enough for someone who spent ninety percent of their life working out and sweating.

“And what’s this ‘anxiety’ nonsense again?” Vegeta demanded. “I don’t fear anything.”

“Anxiety and fear are not the same—“

“I feel neither of them!”

Bulma sighed. He was so damned stubborn, and she wasn’t in the mood for an argument tonight, so when Vegeta tried to speak again, Bulma stopped rubbing his back and did something else instead. She wondered if it would do anything to him…

Vegeta started to squirm as the unfamiliar sensation hit him. That… Felt… So… It was like something was twitching beneath his skin, it was so annoying! And, for some incomprehensible reason, it was actually making him laugh. “Haha— Bulma!” He snapped. “What the Hell are you doing?! Knock it off!”

Bulma CONTINUED to dance her fingers along his back. “Oh, so you ARE ticklish— Has no one ever done this to you before?”

He jerked away from her and rolled onto his side, trying NOT to laugh— Why couldn’t he control that? The sensation of Bulma’s touch was intolerably irritating, it shouldn’t have made him laugh! “C—Cut it out!”

Bulma just smiled at him, “Oh, but your laugh is so cute—“

“How dare— I am NOT cu—“

Bulma kept going, moving her hand over his stomach, which felt even WORSE, and caused him to have an even more difficult time keeping his laughter at bay. “Haha— Stop it— Woman— I am going to—“ She’d grabbed his arm, pinning him down, for some reason the motion of her fingers across his abdomen was making it hard to move. “E—Enough!”

She didn’t stop. She knew he was going to make her pay for this somehow, but she was having too much fun to quit now.

Vegeta kept wriggling and snapping at her to knock it off. She was right that no one had ever done this to him before, and he would have preferred to have been allowed to KEEP it that way! The feeling itself was infuriating, and he didn’t feel like he was in control of his own body, which only aggravated him further. And she just kept going, the sensations intensifying along with his laughter, and his—

Whoa—

He snapped his legs together just in time to prevent a leak from his bladder. What the Hell?! He hadn’t even needed to pee a minute ago! But, he’d nearly started to— Started to— He REALLY needed to go, NOW! “B—Bulma!” He ordered, trying to force his voice to sound more firm in spite of his laughter. “Stop— You have to stop now!”

She wouldn’t listen, “Oh, look at this, I’ve got the Prince of all Saiyans begging me for mercy!”

“No— No you don’t—“ Enraged, Vegeta gripped her hand, but she squirmed it free and continued. His bladder spasmed sharply, and he really didn’t feel like he was in control of it at all. He tensed his thighs, shuddering. He felt a hot twinge moving down his length. “I— Haha—Stop now! I— I need— Hahaha— I need you to stop!”

“Tell me I’ve defeated you,” Bulma teased, trailing her hand over his stomach.

“N—Never!” Vegeta exclaimed. “That’s— Hahaha— Ridiculous! I’m not going to—“ Warmth trickled out of him as a few droplets managed to escape his quivering bladder. “—Stop. Stop it now. You don’t understa—“

“Haven’t had enough yet?” Bulma gathered, increasing her efforts, tickling him just beneath his ribs and making him laugh harder than ever. “Oh, here’s the right spot…”

Vegeta paled as another spurt hissed forth, “STOP, Bulma— I— Hahahaha— I’m going to— I— I need to—“

Ignoring him, Bulma pressed on, “You know how to make me stop…” she taunted. “Just say that I’ve defeated you, and—“

“N—No!” He couldn’t say that! There wasn’t ANY other statement that could POSSIBLY be harder for him to say than that one! Not even— Not even… “Bulma, I can’t hold it! Stop now! I’m gonna burst!”

Bulma slowed down, needing a second to actually process what he’d just said, “You’re…”

Vegeta shoved his way off the bed, trying not to cross his legs at a surge of pressure. Had he seriously just said that?! It had gotten her to stop, but— How could he have said such a thing?! Reddening intensely, he rushed to the bathroom and hoped the embarrassment wouldn’t make it too hard for him to go.

The sore, achy exhaustion in all of his muscles seemed to help, because his bladder began emptying fairly quickly. What surprised him was how little had actually been IN there. It shouldn’t have been THAT shocking since he had peed before getting into bed, but with as urgent as it had felt he’d expected more. He hoped that what he’d done to himself in the gravity chamber hadn’t shrunk his bladder…

He came back out a moment later, shame-faced.

“I’m sorry,” Bulma said. “I got carried away. I just love the sound of your laugh, and I don’t get to hear it that often.”

Vegeta laid back down, still blushing.

“Come on, Vegeta… I promise, I didn’t mean to make you laugh THAT hard!”

Vegeta sat up slightly, “Laughter… Makes you need—“

“Yeah,” Bulma said. “You didn’t know that?”

Vegeta shook his head. He’d never laughed that hard before, his body had never had that type of reaction.

“Well, it does, that’s normal,” Bulma told him. “I had no idea your ribs were so ticklish! Too bad you normally have armor on over them!”

“Perhaps I should start wearing my armor to bed…” Vegeta said. “Sounds like I need it for my own protection.”

“Aw, don’t be like that,” Bulma said. “Hm…”

“What?”

“I was thinking about your tail…”

“Why?”

“Saiyan tails are REALLY sensitive, aren’t they? I wonder what it would have been like to tickle you THERE.”

“Well, if my tail ever spontaneously reappears, you’d better not try to find out!”

Bulma laughed and was about to lay down, when something else occurred to her. “Hey, back when you still had your tail, you’d transform during the full moon just like Goku, right?”

“Of course I would,” Vegeta said. “Why?”

“Do you remember if you ever tried to pee while you were transformed?”

Vegeta jerked away from her, his face instantaneously scorching red. “Of course not! Why the Hell would I do that?!”

“I thought maybe it would have been easier.”

“How would it have been easier?!” Vegeta demanded.

“Well, when Goku did it, he wasn’t himself anymore. He didn’t know what he was doing, and seemed to just act on instinct. More like an animal—“

“Even more than usual?”

“Vegeta…” Bulma sighed. “I just figured, if you’re not really aware of yourself, then you would be less likely to get—“

“I was always in control of myself while transformed,” Vegeta said. “I knew what I was doing. That’s something Saiyans master when they’re young. I guess Kakarot never managed it because there weren’t any other Saiyans around to teach him how.”

“Yeah, Goku definitely never knew what he was doing. And he wouldn’t remember any of it, either,” Bulma said.

“Why are you even asking about this? My tail’s not going to grow back,” Vegeta said.

“I know,” Bulma said. “Trust me, I pay enough attention to that area of your body to know that.”

“V—Vulgar—“ Vegeta covered his face as he somehow managed to turn even redder.

“So, you never even TRIED to pee that way?”

“Of course not! We weren’t even supposed to… You know… in that form. Because it would get… VERY disgusting. I HOPE Kakarot never did it.”

Bulma cringed. Now that she was picturing it more, it was probably a good thing that Vegeta hadn’t tried to relieve himself in that state. “He didn’t,” Bulma said. “Guess we lucked out there.”

Vegeta mumbled something quietly. And since he was speaking softly, it of course caught Bulma’s attention. “Hm?”

“N—Nothing, forget about it.”

“Vegeta…”

“Ugh, fine… I said… I said that sometimes transforming DID help, though.”

“How?”

“It was easier for me to… Okay, so if I was transformed I’d… Uh… You’ve seen Kakarot change, you already know there’s a huge size increase.”

“But, how does— Oh,” Bulma said. “So, then your bladder would be…”

“It would be much larger, yes.”

His bladder was already enormous. When he’d been transformed, it must have been practically bottomless. She could imagine him being very desperate, insides splitting apart from the pressure, and then when his form changed he wouldn’t even feel it anymore. But, it wasn’t like he stayed that way forever, he’d have to change back eventually. And, then the opposite would happen. He’d suddenly be feeling the full brunt of his desperation all at once, made even worse by all the time that had passed.

Vegeta was recalling those moments now, when he shrank back down to his normal size and the urge to pee returned to him instantaneously. The worst occasions were those where he’d managed to FORGET that he’d been bursting in the moments before he’d transformed. He’d be surprised by wave after wave of pressure, when seconds ago he hadn’t felt like he’d needed to pee at all.

Transforming back was a disorienting process to begin with, he needed to quickly readjust to his regular size and shape, his energy would feel out of place for a few seconds, the whole thing was dizzying. Add onto that a sudden, extreme, emergency need for the bathroom and he’d really struggle to maintain his composure. When it was REALLY bad, he’d fold over on himself or be brought to his knees by the heavy swell in his middle, mortified that Nappa or Raditz would notice his severe distress and know what was bothering him.

His only saving grace was that those two would always handle it far worse than he did. The dizzying effects of changing back were harder on them, leaving them dazed for much longer, and less aware of what Vegeta was doing. If Vegeta released a pained, desperate moan and tangled his legs together, it went unnoticed.

And, they handled the bladder-thing a lot worse as well. If either of them had been a little desperate before transforming, then when they turned back, there would be issues. Generally, this just meant that they had to go right away wherever they were, while Vegeta turned his back and shuddered as he tried to block out the noise from his brain, scoffing at them and ordering them to hurry it up.

‘Hurry, dammit,’ he’d think. ‘I need to get… Somewhere!’ Every so often, Vegeta would contemplate joining them for a second, his bladder would be aching so bad and it wasn’t RIGHT that two low-level fighters should be allowed to relieve themselves while their prince continued to suffer! But, they’d always finish before Vegeta could talk himself into doing it.

Then at least one of them would make some kind of remark like “Wow, Vegeta, changing back didn’t make you need to go?! Your bladder must be made of titanium!” And, that would be the end of it; Vegeta definitely couldn’t admit that, actually, he WAS about to explode after that kind of comment! He had to live up to those words!

One time, things had happened a little differently, however. When Vegeta transformed back and the fullness of his bladder slammed into him once more, his eyes widened comically and he almost lost his footing. He had to go so fucking bad! He was overflowing! His middle felt like Frieza had blown a hole straight through it, and his thoughts immediately turned into a garbled mess of desperation. It was bad, it was astonishingly bad. It was so bad that he was squeezing his thighs and pressing his tail against himself— It was less obvious if he used his tail instead of his hands, right?

It was so bad that he was seriously considering peeing with Nappa and Raditz. Just this ONE time. He’d… He’d pretend it wasn’t an emergency, like he could hold it for ages more if he wanted to! He’d pretend he was only going because… Because he… Wanted to… Uh… Because he wanted to PROVE something, yeah! He’d say ‘A Saiyan should be able to piss WAY farther than that! Look how far I can spray it!’ And—

Ugh… Why was the thought of showing off, boasting and making a big spectacle only causing his stomach to knot up on itself? That wasn’t what usually happened to him at all! Yet, when he imagined himself announcing that he could shoot his stream farther than his companions, and then releasing his bladder in front of them to prove it… His… His chest felt twitchy, like it was itching, but on the inside. He hoped it would go away, he just had to—

“Ahhh!” A startled yell, followed by a furious hiss.

Vegeta turned to see that Raditz and Nappa had changed back. Nappa was stumbling around and gripping himself. And Raditz was frozen still, liquid pouring down one of his legs.

Vegeta found himself unable to move as well. The strange itch in his chest worsened, and it was starting to move up into his shoulders and down his arms as well. His face felt very, very warm. He was… Embarrassed, even though he wasn’t the one disgracing himself. He opened his mouth a few times, unable to form words. Raditz’s accident created an intensely noisy gush, splashing harshly against the ground beneath his feet. It was the loudest thing Vegeta had ever heard, and it was making his bladder lurch, he tensed his thighs. His tail, still pinned between them, started to ache.

Off to his side, he was dimly aware of Nappa relieving his bladder, but he remained fixated on Raditz, and how dismayed and horrified his expression was. Vegeta’s bladder was thrashing, and his blood ran icy cold.

He knew he was supposed to start screaming at Raditz now, demanding to know why he hadn’t held it, shouting at him that he was a weak, useless excuse for a fighter if he wasn’t even strong enough to control his bladder. He was supposed to yell at him that he was a disgrace to the few Saiyans left alive. That sort of thing was what he would have done any OTHER time Raditz screwed something up.

But, he couldn’t do it now. The words refused to come. The ANGER refused to come, and that was the scariest part of all. All he could feel was humiliation and shame— And a whole lot of confusion because HE wasn’t the one who’d had an accident! HE was still holding it! He COULD hold it, he could hold it forever, he would never wet himself, ever…. Something inside of him was hurting, and not JUST his bladder.

Raditz finally finished, “Pr—Prince Vegeta, I—“

“Silence,” Vegeta said. Raditz’s bladder was empty now. Comfortable. Drained. No longer stretching him out. No longer driving him insane with pressure. Vegeta’s was so full he thought he might die, and he felt… He felt so… What the fuck was this feeling? Why was he so twitchy? Why were little bugs crawling beneath his skin? No, not bugs, they were worms. Disgusting, slimy, wriggling little worms, and they were all as cold as could be, and he couldn’t get rid of them because they were inside him, filling up his chest. “Don’t speak to me.”

Nappa returned, “Vegeta, you’re not too mad are y—“

“You shut up, too,” Vegeta growled. He wasn’t mad, he was… Something else. He didn’t know what. All he knew was that he HATED it, and he wanted to get away from here, he wanted to be alone, and he really, REALLY wanted to fucking pee!

They returned to their pods. Once they’d taken off and Vegeta was alone in his seat, he writhed like crazy the whole way back. His bladder was going to burst and the sensations in his chest hadn’t faded at all. When they returned to one of Frieza’s many planets, and Vegeta was able to lock himself into a restroom, he could barely pee. He went, but it came out in a slow, dismal trickle, he had to cup a hand over his lower belly and squeeze to get it to continue dribbling, straining and pushing down so hard on his muscles that he was making himself light-headed.

It took him close to ten minutes to force everything out, and he couldn’t understand why. He thought he was sick, but refused to get it checked out as he was too ashamed. He was able to urinate normally the next morning anyway, so he told himself it had been a fluke.

That, he thought, was the first time that strange feeling in his chest had really become noticeable.

“Vegeta…?” Bulma asked now. “What are you thinking about?”

“Nothing,” Vegeta said.

“When you changed back, and your bladder shrank,” Bulma said. “Was that ever—“

“It was never a problem,” Vegeta said. “I could handle it.”

“Okay…” Bulma knew there was something he wasn’t saying, but pressed on. He was speaking about his problem with her, however clipped his responses may have been. She had to get him to keep it up. Talking about it would help him, she knew it would. “Here’s something you might find funny,” she said. “When Yamcha came back to life, he wet himself.”

“I think Yamcha does that any time I look at him,” Vegeta said. “So, I’m not surprised.”

“When you come back, it’s like waking up from a long sleep, isn’t it? That’s how it felt for me after Buu,” Bulma said. “So, you need to go, right?”

Vegeta rolled his eyes, “If you are trying to get me to… To ‘disclose’ how my resurrections faired on my… On my bladder, then you can forget about it.”

“So, something DID happen, then?”

“Nah—No! That’s not what I said!”

“You implied it.”

“Well… Even if I did, I’m not elaborating! The— The second time was horrific and I’m never speaking of it, and the first time— You were THERE for the first time, so you already know!”

“I don’t know,” Bulma corrected.

“Well, you were there,” Vegeta said. “I’m sure you can remember if you try. I’m not going to recount it for you.”

Of course, now Vegeta couldn’t stop remembering it.

The first time Vegeta was brought back to life, he spent the first hour just trying not to squirm as he leaned against a tree. He also tried his best not to think about how— if he were ANYONE else— the fact that he was beside a tree right now would have been a perfect solution to his current problem.

His body hadn’t cooperated with him at all during his trip to Namek— It had betrayed him in every conceivable way. He struggled so much to void even when he was alone, and whenever he finally DID manage to let something out, he was never able to finish; It was torture, he’d try over and OVER again to pee, fail repeatedly most times, and then on the rare occasions that his bladder decided to obey him, he’d only be able to get just enough out to take the edge off. He was never able to empty himself completely, and was perpetually desperate.

Every fight he’d gotten into on Namek, he’d had to manage with a full bladder. Each time he had to use the healing pod, he’d wish there were something in it that would manually force his body to drain out. Even when he got knocked unconscious, he didn’t urinate on himself— And, to his horror, he was DISMAYED each time he came to and realized that he was somehow still holding it. He thought he’d be able to forgive himself for having an accident if it happened under those circumstances.

Miraculously, he was finally able to go after Kakarot had shown up and taken out the rest of the Ginyus. Vegeta didn’t know WHY that had done it, perhaps knowing that most of the people on the planet were now too dead to watch him piss was all he needed. Whatever the case, when he unzipped and tried for the hundredth time to rid himself of the awful pains tearing apart his insides and setting fire to his back, he was at last able to get out every drop.

After he’d finished, he’d felt so exhausted that he’d fallen asleep beside the healing pod Kakarot was in. He hadn’t MEANT to rest so close to Kakarot, that was just where he happened to be when he realized his eyelids no longer wanted to stay open.

But, soon after that was when his body would betray him in an even worse way, by failing to take down Frieza. He threw EVERYTHING he had at Frieza, and it had done absolutely nothing. Then, the most heinous betrayal of all, Vegeta had actually… He’d… Cried. He’d actually cried… And Vegeta DIDN’T cry— EVER. And then he just embarrassed himself even more, he practically BEGGED Kakarot to kill Frieza FOR him— Vegeta DIDN’T beg— but he had…

And Frieza shot a beam straight through his heart while he was doing it. Vegeta had been killed while BEGGING a low-level fighter to do something that he himself was incapable of. He couldn’t think of a more shameful way to die.

But, he’d been brought back… Apparently, since he’d defected from Frieza, he was counted in the wish to bring back everyone from Namek that had been killed by Frieza and his army. He should have been happy to be alive again, and he WAS, but it only took a few seconds for him to become reacquainted with one of the most annoying aspects of being alive; He badly needed to relieve himself.

It wasn’t the same level of urgency he’d been experiencing ON Namek, at least. His back didn’t feel like it was drowning in acid after being set on fire a bunch of times. But, he was concerned about how much time he had left BEFORE that feeling reemerged. He was surprised he even needed to pee so much, he HADN’T needed to go at all when Frieza had— Had shot his heart.

He ignored everyone else talking, bored by their conversation about where the Namekians were going to live now, and how to bring Kakarot back. Vegeta’s only concern was when and WHERE he would be able to void. Again, the tree would have been perfectly serviceable if he wasn’t so— If this… problem weren’t a factor. But, he doubted the issue had vanished when he’d been brought back to life, and there was a large crowd here to watch as he tried— and most likely failed— to urinate.

For some reason, the idea of someone watching him STRUGGLE to pee was even more horrifying to him than the idea of someone watching him ACTUALLY go…

The tree wouldn’t work. He could fly off and look for somewhere else, but Earth was a densely populated planet and he’d seen very, very little of it. He had no idea which direction to head off in, if he’d even be ABLE to find seclusion anywhere close by.

Come to think of it, where was he going to stay? He didn’t have a way OFF this planet, he was stuck here. In the past, when he stayed on one planet for a longer period of time, it was because Frieza had established a base on it, so he’d have a room somewhere. Otherwise, he slept in his pod or on Frieza’s ship. None of those things were options now…

Urgh… He’d deal with that later. One problem at a time. It would be easier to figure out where he was gonna sleep after his bladder was finished distracting him.

The blue-haired Earth woman was offering to let the Namekians stay at her house… There were so many of them, how large were Earthling homes? Had Kakarot been living like a king while Vegeta had been relegated to whatever tiny quarters Frieza granted him? How dare—

Before he could finish that thought, the woman added that HE could stay at her house too… And then she— She had the AUDACITY to tell him that he was kind of cute! HOW DARE— “WHAT?! I’m not— Shut up!”

As if that wasn’t bad enough, she also had the gall to laugh! He, Vegeta, had just ORDERED her to be silent and she responded by LAUGHING! “Oh, come on, drop the arrogant tough guy act and relax, let it all out!” She said.

What was she saying THAT for?! Could she tell?! He looked down at himself, noticing the tremors in his legs, but thankfully nothing else. He really, really had to pee, but he didn’t think it LOOKED like he really, really had to pee… Even if she couldn’t tell that he needed to go, speaking so CASUALLY to him was unacceptable! Didn’t she know who he was, what he was capable of?! Why wasn’t she terrified of him?!

Perhaps she was, and her offer of a place to sleep was an attempt to placate him so that he didn’t DESTROY this dustball of a planet. Yeah. She WAS scared of him, she was just better at hiding it than most people, that had to be it.

Two hours later, Vegeta was struggling not to double over as the Earth woman— Bulma— gave him a tour of her ridiculously oversized house. He didn’t understand why she was doing this. She’d just sent the Namekians off with her father so he could show them to their rooms. But, for some reason, she wanted to show him EVERYTHING.

Everything except for the ONLY thing Vegeta actually WANTED to see… He wanted her to hurry up and bring him to the room he’d be staying in, and then leave him alone for a while. But, he realized he was just ASSUMING that the room would contain something he could relieve himself into. That may just be wishful thinking. He might get there and find that he had nowhere to go after all. His room on Frieza’s ship hadn’t had an attached restroom, so he was always forced to wait around until he was certain no one would see him entering a bathroom before he could use it.

That had been annoying, but at least he knew where all the toilets on Frieza’s ship WERE. He couldn’t say the same for this place— At no point in this long winded tour had Bulma pointed out where ANY of them were. And Vegeta— Well, he couldn’t just ASK. Bulma was already confusing him, she was way too good at acting like she didn’t fear him, he almost actually BELIEVED it. And, needing her to provide him somewhere to sleep made him think she was pitying him. Giving any indication that he desperately had to use the bathroom would make all of that worse.

It would be even easier for her to pretend that he wasn’t menacing if he admitted that he was dying to pee. And, if he failed to keep his squirming in check, he’d look pathetic, she’d pity him more. He could NOT ask, he could NOT draw her attention to this. So long as she didn’t find out that he had to go, everything would be okay. He’d handle his need unnoticed, and THEN he’d be able to show her that he was meant to be feared, that the last thing he ever needed was anyone’s sympathy, and that he was DEFINITELY not ‘cute’!

Vegeta was still worried that she could already tell, though. That whole ‘let it all out’ comment was stuck in his mind, and it wouldn’t surprise him if this never-ending tour that was skipping over any restroom facilities was a deliberate act of torture on her part. Vegeta knew HE’D do something similar if he were showing Kakarot around a place and had noticed that he was bursting to go.

Bulma showed him a ridiculous number of rooms, most of them laboratories of some sort. She was telling him about ‘capsules’, and how apparently people could fit pretty much anything inside of one. Vegeta didn’t really understand any of it, maybe he would have if he’d been able to think more clearly.

She kept glancing back at him. Especially after his bladder started to throb so viciously that he was forced to slow down his pace. She could tell, she could tell… He was pathetic, and she could tell. She was wondering what was wrong with him, why he was incapable of just asking her where a bathroom was, why he was forcing himself to hold it for no reason.

Vegeta tried to calm himself down, maybe she couldn’t tell and it was all in his head. And, even if she had figured it out, maybe she just assumed that he didn’t know HOW to ask for what he needed, that since he was an alien he wasn’t sure what he was meant to say…

“Are you cold?” Bulma asked him finally.

This place WAS chillier than he was used to, but it wasn’t enough to make him uncomfortable. His bladder was doing a FINE job of that all on its own. But, Vegeta was aware that he was trembling, he was holding all of his muscles as taut as he could so that he didn’t give in to the desire to squirm. “I’m fine… Just exhausted. And your yammering hasn’t helped much.”

Bulma frowned, then rolled her eyes, “I guess I can’t expect you to have any manners, can I?”

Vegeta huffed, glancing away. He had every right to be annoyed! This tour had been going on for ages, and even if she DIDN’T notice that he was bursting, it was still her fault! To his dismay, he thought he actually kind of WANTED her to figure it out, being asked if he wanted to pee didn’t seem as difficult to him as bringing it up himself. That realization wasn’t enough to prompt him to start squirming more blatantly, however. He still couldn’t bring himself to do that, even as his body screamed at him to move around.

“I guess I’ve shown you everything you’d need to know about…” Bulma considered.

She hadn’t. She’d forgotten something important. Vegeta just couldn’t form the words… And now he’d been standing in one spot for too long, and his bladder was pinching and surging a bit more persistently. He stepped in place. Then, fearing that was too obvious, he started to pace around the hallway instead.

“Where are you going?” Bulma asked. “Was there something you wanted to see more closely?”

“N—No, I just—“ ‘I have to relieve myself really badly,’ he thought. ‘That’s all I want to do’. “Like I said, I’m exhausted. Being dead takes a lot out of you, not that someone like you would know anything about that!”

His lower eyelid twitched when Bulma started to laugh. “Pfft… Hahahaha!”

“Wh—What’s so damn funny, woman?!” Vegeta demanded. Had she figured it out? Could she tell he was about to burst? Did she think his critical need to release his waters was hilarious for some reason?! How dare she?!

“You’re bragging about DYING before I have,” Bulma pointed out. “I’ve never heard anyone do that— And, a lot of my friends have died at least once before. You think EVERYTHING you do is some big triumph, don’t you?”

“That’s not what I meant— I— Dammit, I will NOT be mocked!”

“Heh, you’re blushing…” Bulma pointed out.

“I am NOT,” Vegeta insisted, covering his face, just to be sure. She was laughing at him… She was supposed to be cowering in fear. At MOST, she was supposed to be angry at him! Those were the reactions Vegeta was used to, terror or fury. People weren’t supposed to be happy to be around him!

It was because his bladder was full. That was it. He needed to pee so badly that his usual, threatening aura must have been fading. That was why she wasn’t scared. Once he’d relieved himself, he’d be able to show her what he was REALLY made of again.

If he ever GOT to pee, anyway…

“But, alright. You’re tired. You were SO busy being dead,” Bulma said. “Want me to show you your room?”

“Very well…” Vegeta replied. There had BETTER be somewhere he could urinate in there too. He dreaded having to leave the room and then… Search around for a while because he STILL couldn’t bring himself to just ASK…

“Okay,” Bulma said. She led him down another hallway. And then another. And another. Vegeta was starting to think the whole tour was completely pointless. This place was like a maze. He figured that, even if he hadn’t been preoccupied this whole time, he’d still be unable to remember where anything actually was.

As they walked, he occasionally glanced at the doors, searching for any indication that one of them led to a restroom. He wouldn’t be able to rush right inside if he spotted one, of course. But, he’d try to remember the location so he could come back later when he was by himself. Very few of the doors had labels on them though and the few labels he DID see weren’t ones that he could understand.

Bulma finally opened one of the doors, revealing a bedroom. “Here,” she said. “Get some rest. If you need anything, I’ll be in the atrium.”   Vegeta couldn’t recall how to get back there. But, he was clearly incapable of asking her for anything no matter how badly he needed it, so it didn’t matter. He glanced into the room, unable to tell if it held any promise of relief. “This is… Satisfactory,” he said. “Be on your way now.”

“What do you say?” Bulma prompted him. Clearly, he needed to be taught some manners…

“The room is fine,” Vegeta said. “Goodnight.”

Well… That wasn’t what she was looking for, but ‘goodnight’ was still one of the nicest things he’d said to her so far. “Try to get some sleep,” she told him.

Vegeta strode into the room and shut the door. As soon as he heard it click, he bent forwards and grasped at himself, granting his body some much needed pressure. He bounced on his heels as he tried to get a better handle on his need. All that walking around and waiting, and he hadn’t been able to do ANYTHING to calm down the throbbing. He looked up after a moment, he could see two doors, and hoped ONE of them would lead to what he wanted.

Before he could straighten himself back out, the bedroom door opened again. Vegeta jumped as light flooded into the room, and he was still standing there, hunched over, holding himself and rubbing his legs together. He hurriedly released his hands and spun around. “Wha— What is it— I wasn’t doing anyth—“

Bulma stared at him for a second, “Are you okay?” She asked. “Does your chest still hurt? If it does, you can say so— You don’t have to try to hide it.”

“I—I’m not hurt,” Vegeta snapped. “I’m fine! What do you want?”

Bulma kept looking at him, at his strained posture and fidgeting legs. Now that he’d LET himself start squirming, he couldn’t help but continue. “Just wanted to let you know that if you get hungry or thirsty during the night, you’re allowed to get something from the kitchen.”

“Yes, yes, that’s great,” Vegeta rushed out. “N—Now, I— I want to be alone.” Please, just let him be alone! He couldn’t hold still, and if she kept watching him like that, it was only inevitable that she was going to work out why!

“Okay,” Bulma said. “But, if you ever want to talk to someone—“

“Later!” Vegeta snapped. It was like she WANTED to be near him— It was insane! People weren’t supposed to like being close to him! If he didn’t start acting like he was SUPPOSED to soon—

“Alright, see you tomorrow,” And finally she was shutting the door again.

Vegeta’s hands flew back between his legs for a nice, long squeeze before he was able to start walking again. He managed to reach one of the doors and yanked it open, discovering a small closet, with nothing of use inside of it. Wincing, he shut the door and stumbled across the room to the other one. If this one didn’t have anywhere he could piss, he was going to go crazy. He couldn’t leave this room anymore because he could no longer let go of his crotch. Yeah, if Bulma saw him like THIS she’d immediately tell him where he could find a bathroom, but he couldn’t allow her to see anything this pitiful, EVER.

He yanked open the door and immediately felt a bit of tension fade. A restroom, finally… The toilet looked pretty close to what he was used to as well, and he was glad humans and Saiyans had similar anatomy. There wasn’t a holder for him to place his tail into if he wanted to sit down, but since his tail didn’t seem to be growing back, he doubted that would ever be a problem.

He quickly shut the door and moved to lock it, shaking a bit when it struck him how flimsy the lock actually felt in his hand. He was sure it was enough to keep a human from busting down the door, but it was very apparent that, if he wasn’t careful, he could very easily destroy it.

Vegeta got in front of the toilet and hurriedly lifted the lid and seat up, getting his clothing apart as fast as he could. But, naturally, relief didn’t come easily.

He’d DIED today, he’d been killed by Frieza after being utterly decimated by him, AND while basically begging Kakarot for help… He’d reached a whole new level of pathetic. He didn’t see any way to come back from that. Clearly, he must have lost what made him a great fighter today, otherwise Bulma would be scared of him. But, she wasn’t. And the only reason she WOULDN’T be frightened would be because she too thought he was pathetic…

He was definitely pitiful, he couldn’t even piss… ‘Come ON, stupid thing… WORK,’ he thought. ‘Can’t ONE thing do what I want it to today?!’ He pushed a hand onto his lower stomach, inevitably just drawing forth more pain rather than a stream. ‘Frieza killed you so easily, he thought you were a joke. You didn’t even faze him. Nothing you did fazed him.’

He hated how, when he struggled to piss, he just got locked up in his thoughts like this. He was totally alone with them, and they became far more vicious and cruel than anything he ever said to other people— And that was an impressive feat. ‘You are the prince of all Saiyans,’ he told himself. ‘You can’t let one loss destroy you like this…’ But, it was the worst loss imaginable.

He had to strain and force himself to start peeing, and when it finally happened it was a slow, dismal stream that was tinted pink. The color alarmed him for a moment, but then the memory of Frieza pounding his fists into his kidneys over and over returned to him. No big mystery as to where the pink had come from. At least it wasn’t bright red…

He never managed to really burst, only continuing to let out the halting, dribbling spurts. At least he was finally going at all, even if he barely felt relieved by it. It took him so long to get all of it out that his legs went numb. Finally, he was able to put his clothes back together. His abdomen was sore and aching, and so was his back. And his chest where Frieza’s final blast had hit him. And his arms. And… Basically everything.

Dying really HAD taken a lot out of him…

He left the restroom and collapsed on the bed. He knew he should probably wash himself, but he was just so tired and wanted this day to finally end. He’d deal with it tomorrow.

Vegeta jumped again when he heard the door opening. Bulma was back… Again… Now that he wasn’t bursting to piss, he thought he could be a bit more menacing to her, at least. He sat up, glowering. “What do you want this time, woman?!” He snapped. “I am trying to sleep!”

“I know,” Bulma said. “And, I’m sorry. It’s just, I was thinking and I realized that I forgot something important.”

Vegeta sighed and exaggeratedly rolled his eyes, folding his arms. “And what might that be?”

“I didn’t show you where any of the bathrooms are,” Bulma said. “I’m sorry, that should have been one of the first things.”

What was she implying?! Did she think he couldn’t hold it for a reasonable amount of time?!

“And, I don’t know how similar the showers and toilets are here to what you got used to in space, or if you need me to explain how they work, so if that’s a problem—“

“I am perfectly capable of figuring such things out!”

“I’m sure you can! But, you looked so uncomfortable earlier, and I started thinking maybe you just needed to—“

“Of course not! I’m not a child!”

“Don’t get all defensive about th—“

“I’m NOT getting defensive!” Vegeta exclaimed, defensively.

Bulma sighed. “You’re blushing again,” she deadpanned.

“Nope,” Vegeta insisted, covering his face again. “Now… Get out. I want to sleep. And you don’t have to explain anything to me.”

“Alright… Sleep well,” Bulma said. Like she actually cared about whether or not he got a decent night’s rest… Why SHOULD she?

The next morning, Vegeta woke uncomfortably. Now that he’d rested up, he was a lot more aware of how filthy he was. He needed to wash off… He went to the shower and stared at the dial for a few seconds. It was… Weird. On Frieza’s ship, the showers had had a bunch of buttons, not just one huge dial. One button to turn it on and off, and then a series of them to control the temperature.

Deciding the dial couldn’t be THAT different, Vegeta turned it slightly, and immediately a spray of ice-cold water hit him. “Gah—!” Cold, cold, cold! He shivered violently as he moved the dial just a tiny bit further. Suddenly, the water was blisteringly hot instead. Dammit!

He’d figure this out. He did NOT need Bulma to teach him how it worked!

***

“I guess I do kind of remember,” Bulma said now. “When I was giving you that tour, I thought the AC was too high since you wouldn’t stop shaking, then I thought maybe you just had to go, and you—“

“Ordered you to stop speaking about it,” Vegeta said. “And, I would very much appreciate it if you did that NOW. I’m through discussing this.”

*036*2024-01-07 19:53

Vegeta understood the need for him to be on this trip; Bulma was winning an award for one of her inventions, of COURSE Vegeta had to be there to watch her accept it. He WANTED to be there to see her accept it, he was proud of her!

What he didn’t understand at ALL was why Kakarot had to be here too. None of their other friends were tagging along, JUST Kakarot. What he understood even LESS were the sleeping arrangements at the hotel.

“I’m going to be up all night rehearsing my speech,” Bulma said. “And, the last time I did something like that, you were in a terrible mood all day from being kept awake. So, this time, it’s best if we don’t share a room.”

Okay. Fine. That was all well and good. Vegeta could definitely remember the last time Bulma had kept him awake until morning, it had been aggravating and he’d spent the entirety of the next day snapping at everyone and everything… Even more than he usually did! And, while he’d grown accustomed to sleeping beside Bulma, he could manage being alone for one night.

Except, as it turned out, he wasn’t going to be alone.

“Why the Hell do I have to share a room with Kakarot?!” Vegeta demanded once it was all explained to him. He couldn’t make sense of it! It wasn’t as though Bulma couldn’t AFFORD three separate hotel rooms!

“What’s the big deal?” Bulma asked. “You and Goku have slept in the same room before.”

“Well, I didn’t have a choice those times!”

“You don’t have a choice THIS time,” Bulma said.

“I do. Just get Kakarot his own room.”

But, Bulma had just shaken her head, and made some comment about Vegeta’s Saiyan hearing, and how Kakarot ‘might be useful’ to him once they got there.

Vegeta had no idea what THAT was supposed to mean, and made it VERY clear that he didn’t approve of this.

Goku, on the other hand, understood it all right away, especially after Bulma told him Vegeta had never stayed at a hotel before and likely wasn’t picturing it accurately. Goku WAS familiar with hotels, he knew that they could sometimes be noisy. He knew that, with the strong ears of a Saiyan, it was easy to overhear people in other rooms.

Goku also knew that Vegeta struggled to accomplish certain, important things if he could hear people talking or moving around near him.

“Oh, okay. Yeah, I get why you want me to come,” Goku said.

“Well, I DO want you to hear my speech too,” Bulma said. “I’m not JUST inviting you so you can help Vegeta with his… ‘Thing’ if any problems come up.”

“I will help, though,” Goku assured. “Don’t worry— Worst case scenario, I should at least be able to teleport him somewhere that he’ll feel more comfortable.”

“Thank you,” Bulma said, relieved. “That’s one less thing to worry about. And, I know I shouldn’t have to tell you this, but don’t let Vegeta find out why you guys are sharing a room.”

“I won’t.”

***

The day they left on their trip, both Vegeta and Kakarot groaned when Bulma insisted they drive so they could all go together. “Just allow me to teach you how to fly!” Vegeta complained. “It’s so much faster, and there are way fewer idiots up in the sky than there are on the road!”

“No, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “The only way I’m leaving the ground is if I’m in a plane, you KNOW this.”

“I could just use instant transmission!” Kakarot offered. “You said your parents are already there, so I only have to find their chi. I’ll have us there in half a second!”

“I can’t believe I’m saying, but I agree with Kakarot,” Vegeta said, surprised that his rival seemed to share his dislike of cars.

“I want to drive,” Bulma said. “It will give me time to think over my speech, decide if I want to change anything.”

“Then let US fly,” Vegeta suggested.

“I’m the one with all the check-in information,” Bulma said. “And, I don’t want to know what kind of trouble will be caused by the two of you getting bored inside this hotel.”

“What’s the worst that could happen?” Vegeta scoffed.

Bulma sighed, “It has an all-you-can-eat buffet,” she stated.

“One that I’m not banned from yet?!” Kakarot asked, getting excited.

Vegeta groaned.

“Case closed,” Bulma said. “Get in the car.”

Vegeta and Kakarot grumbled as they did as they’d been asked. Vegeta had no idea what Kakarot had against car rides. Vegeta knew why HE hated them; They were slow, having to wait for other cars was infuriating, and when other drivers failed to obey the rules of the road he was enraged. But, Kakarot was okay with taking it easy sometimes, the speed shouldn’t bother him too much, and he doubted Kakarot got that angry at other drivers, either. It just wasn’t in his nature to go into a spitting, blind fury because someone had cut him off.

It didn’t take Vegeta too long to find out why Kakarot didn’t like riding in cars, though. And, recalling the misery of the drive to Trunks’s parent-teacher conference, Vegeta was surprised it hadn’t occurred to him. Kakarot’s bladder was FAR smaller than Vegeta’s, and he’d be feeling the bumps in the road and the pressure of his seat-belt just as strongly. And, with someone else driving, he couldn’t stop whenever and wherever he wanted to.

When he heard Kakarot start to whine, “Bulma! You gotta pull over! Now!” everything clicked. Kakarot didn’t like long drives because he wasn’t able to hold it through them.

He chose to announce his need for the restroom while they were on a barren road, though. Nowhere to stop. Not even any foliage to pee behind, as Kakarot so often did.

“I can’t right now, Goku,” Bulma said. “You should have said something when we passed that gas station a while ago.”

“I didn’t have to pee then!” Kakarot complained. “Just pull over, let me go here!”

“No,” Bulma said. “There’s nowhere for you TO go.”

“I can just do it in the dirt, come on!”

“There are other cars out here, somebody might spot you.”

“So?” Kakarot asked, shifting his legs back and forth and tapping his feet.

“You could get in trouble,” Bulma said. “I had to pay ENOUGH of those fines for you when you were little.”

Vegeta quirked a brow. “Fines?”

“For public urination,” Bulma explained. “I’m not letting him get ANOTHER of those today.”

Vegeta was still perplexed. With as often as Kakarot peed outside, if that resulted in a fine on this planet, then Kakarot should be completely broke by now. As the notion settled in his thoughts further, a buzzing formed in his chest. HE peed outdoors sometimes, if it was absolutely necessary and he was sure no one could spot him. But, if there was a chance he’d be FINED for that… Money was no issue for him, but the utter embarrassment of it all was a completely different story.

He glared out the car window. Just fantastic, a new thing to worry about!

“Come ooooon,” Kakarot pleaded. “There aren’t any police around here, so who’s gonna give me a fine?!”

Vegeta relaxed a bit. Not only would someone have to SEE him for him to be fined— Meaning that he wouldn’t have been able to pee at all to begin with— that person would also need to be a member of the police. He would NOT be publicly humiliated the next time he needed to relieve himself in the woods.

“Hold it, Goku,” Bulma said. “I’m just trying to keep you out of trouble.”

Kakarot kept shifting and wriggling, “But, Bulma! It’s gonna come out!”

“I’m sure there will be a place to stop soon,” Bulma told him. “If… If there’s not one in half an hour, then you can go outside. How’s that? The longest you’ll have to wait is just thirty more minutes.”

“Okay, deal!” Kakarot said.

“Don’t barter with that idiot,” Vegeta scolded. “It’s his own fault that he needs to go so badly. He should have done it earlier, as you said.”

“Vegetaaa,” Kakarot whined. “I didn’t have to go then! I— Ah!” He made a pained, wincing noise as the car hit over a bump and evidently gave an awful jolt to his full bladder.

That lurch was also responsible for bringing the first few thrums of need from Vegeta’s bladder to his attention. The feeling faded after a few seconds, but Vegeta was aware now that he wasn’t empty, that he was starting to re-fill after the pee he’d taken right before they’d left. And that, unlike Kakarot, going on the side of the road in thirty minutes wasn’t an option. Nor would he be able to make use of a gas station if they stopped at one. All he could do was hold it in until they got to the hotel.

He had no doubt that he’d be able to pee at the hotel. Bulma had explained to him what it would be like, and that it would be similar to his room at home. Since he could easily relieve himself THERE, then the hotel should be fine, too. His only worry was actually GETTING there before his bladder started to hurt him— Before his urge got bad enough that he was fidgeting around like the imbecile in the backseat.

Kakarot kept squirming, when Vegeta glanced back at him, he had folded in half and grabbed ahold of himself. Vegeta couldn’t fight the blush that emerged as he watched, and he quickly faced back in the other direction.

The next time he looked at Kakarot, he was putting his fingers against his forehead, his eyes squeezed shut. “Are you trying to use instant transmission…?” He asked.

“Yes!” Kakarot whined, bouncing in his seat. “But, I can’t concentrate!”

“Goku, come on,” Bulma sighed. “It’s just a few more minutes.”

Vegeta wished that he hadn’t, but he noticed the distinct differences between how Bulma treated him and how she treated Kakarot in this kind of situation. Any time Vegeta managed to tell her that he needed to go while they were out together— or he failed to keep his squirming subtle enough and she realized his bladder was full on her own— she didn’t respond to him like this. She NEVER groaned and told him to just hold it, nor did she tell him he should have relieved himself earlier. Instead, she’d encourage him to pee right away wherever they were, and when he inevitably refused and insisted he needed to go home, she would nod and allow him to do so.

And, he NEVER begged and pleaded like Kakarot was doing. He’d just stammer and mumble the vaguest acknowledgement of his need that he could, and Bulma would let him go. Kakarot was acting FAR more desperate than Vegeta would EVER be able to allow himself to, but Bulma was just rolling her eyes and telling him to be patient.

Vegeta shifted uncomfortably as he thought that over. Bulma was being far gentler with him, basically coddling him because of how awful his Problem was. Of course, he didn’t WANT Bulma to scold him or forbid him from flying home when he desperately needed to, but the realization that she was adjusting her behavior because he needed to be ‘accommodated’ stung. He wasn’t supposed to need special treatment over something as simple as pissing.

‘She only treats you differently because you’re married,’ Vegeta told himself. ‘It has nothing to do with your Problem. She just favors you over Kakarot— Like EVERYONE should!’ He knew that wasn’t it, though… Or at least, not ALL of it.

They found a gas station eventually, and Vegeta watched Kakarot sprint out of the car, his hands between his legs the whole time he was running. Vegeta’s face burned with a confusing amount of embarrassment, HE wasn’t the one blatantly behaving like a fool… He wasn’t even getting out of the car. He had no reason to.

Once Kakarot had entered the restroom, Vegeta found that he had to try VERY hard not to think about what his rival was doing in there. Vegeta’s own bladder was cramping quite a bit more now, and the knowledge that Kakarot was now accomplishing yet ANOTHER thing that Vegeta was incapable of was making the pressure hurt worse. He tried not to think about how relieved Kakarot must have been feeling, tried not to let the familiar grip of envy take hold of him once more— Not over something so STUPID!

He shifted his legs just slightly, moving one ankle over the other. His gaze flew to Bulma beside him, and he relaxed a bit when she didn’t appear to be watching him. But, now his insides were demanding him to KEEP moving. Now that he’d allowed himself to squirm a little, he wanted to do it more…

He gripped his knees to prevent them from bouncing, and hoped they weren’t THAT far from the hotel.

Kakarot came back, and the moron was carrying some massive soda cups for some idiotic reason. “Vegeta, you gotta try this,” Kakarot said once he got back in the car. “It’s so good!”

“Kakarot, after all that bitching and moaning you did about needing to piss, why the Hell would you drink so much?!”

“Why not? It isn’t like I still have to pee now,” Goku shrugged.

“But, if you drink ALL of that, then you’re just going to—“

“And, besides, one of them is for you, or Bulma… Whichever one of you wants it.”

Vegeta sighed as he accepted the cup. It was so big… The only way Vegeta would ever drink THAT much would be if he was at home and knew he wouldn’t have any reason to leave for the next several hours. No way was he drinking it when he was stuck in a car with no idea as to when they’d reach the hotel.

Kakarot was noisily slurping from his cup, and it was getting on Vegeta’s nerves. The tingles in his midsection fluttered a little more violently as he was subjected to the sound. His urge for relief was worsening— And, even more aggravating than that, it was making him feel thirsty. He hadn’t had anything to drink yet today— A necessary precaution for a long trip like this. Now, his throat was painfully dry.

The full soda cup resting beside him was extremely tempting, and the more he had to listen to Kakarot drink, the worse he felt.

‘One sip…’ Vegeta commanded himself. ‘Just ONE. Enough to get rid of that sand-paper feeling— Nothing more.’

He reached for the cup and took a small, deeply hesitant sip. He knew that a few drops of soda would not be enough to break his bladder, but he was so timid about putting ANY liquid into himself when he’d have no way to get it back out again. When the fluid wetted his tongue, erasing the chalky sensation there, he felt a bit better. He really WAS thirsty…

And, dammit, Kakarot was right! This soda DID taste amazing. He swallowed, and immediately had the urge to drink more. ‘No. No more,’ he thought. ‘A good warrior must be capable of restraint!’

Kakarot kept drinking, loudly…

Vegeta managed to ignore the soda for a few more minutes. It wasn’t easy. Now that he’d had ONE sip of something cold and wet, it was like he’d activated all of the nerve-endings in his throat and he was even MORE aware of how dehydrated he was. One, tiny sip hadn’t quenched his thirst, but had instead made it much worse.

Eventually, the dry feeling got to be too much, and he took another sip. Fuck, it was delicious, and it felt so good pouring down his throat… Just a LITTLE bit more shouldn’t hurt, right? Just— Just a couple more swallows, just until his tongue stopped feeling so withered.

***

‘DAMMIT!’ Vegeta thought a little while later, when he realized he’d finished the entire cup. He certainly wasn’t thirsty anymore… But, he couldn’t take much relief in that, since he knew where all of that liquid was now heading, about to flood into a container that didn’t have a properly functional exit…

His urge to pee had gotten a bit worse, it still wasn’t horrific or agonizing, but he could no longer ignore it, especially not with the knowledge of how much he’d just had to drink. He knew he had to stop thinking about it, concentrating on his bladder would just invite it to fill up faster. He was so frustrated with himself, though. How could he have allowed himself to drink all that, when he KNEW full well how badly it would turn out for him?!

‘Stupid Kakarot, why’d he have to give me this anyway?!’

Speaking of Kakarot, the fool had finished his OWN soda ages ago, and was once again shuffling around in the backseat and pleading for a stop.

Finally, to placate him, Bulma said something that instantly made Vegeta feel better. “We’re ALMOST at the hotel, Goku. Could you please hold on until then?”

“Mmmmf, I’ll try!” Kakarot whined. “But, I have to go so bad!”

Vegeta relaxed slightly. They were close to the hotel, and he had no reason to think he wouldn’t be able to pee there. They’d arrive, and he’d be able to take care of himself easily, with no one else needing to know about it.

“Hold it in, Goku,” Bulma sighed. “You can do it.”

“H—How much longer?” Kakarot asked, and Vegeta heard him squirming a little faster.

“Thirty minutes,” Bulma said. “Alright? It won’t be that bad, I promise.”

“Th—Thirty minutes,” Kakarot repeated. “Okay, okay… I think I can do thirty minutes.”

Vegeta calmed down a bit more. HE could DEFINITELY do thirty minutes. He shifted a little in his seat when he remembered he and Kakarot were going to be sharing a room— Of course, he would have to let Kakarot go first. The idiot was about to piss his pants, after all. And, if Vegeta asked to take the first turn, that would be an admission that he was desperate— Such admissions were not permitted, and he WASN’T desperate!

Not really, anyway. He couldn’t stop thinking about how good it would feel to release his bladder, and his thighs were pressed a bit tightly together… And, yeah, maybe his legs were starting to shake a little, and he had to keep gripping his knees to keep them from bouncing. But, he was fine. He knew he could hold WAY more than this. He was fine.

Thirty more minutes…

When they finally got to the hotel, Vegeta had sweat on his brow, and he was constantly gripping his knees to force his legs to stay still. He was hyper-aware of Bulma beside him, and in spite of how much energy he was putting towards keeping himself still, he was convinced that he was SOMEHOW being obvious anyway, and that Bulma could easily tell that his bladder was throbbing urgently.

Standing up for the first time in several hours was unpleasant. ‘Pathetic,’ he thought scornfully when his knees tried to buckle. ‘It’s just standing!’ But, his bladder was protesting loudly, and he felt like if he didn’t balance his weight JUST right, he’d end up doubling over and Bulma would know everything.

“Mmmf!” Kakarot whimpered as he got out of the car. He was ALREADY doubling over, pitiful fool that he was… Vegeta felt his eyelid spasm when he saw Kakarot start to spring across the parking lot, over to a tree.

No.

Hell no.

If… If Vegeta had to hold it, then so did Kakarot!

“What are you doing, you moron?!”

Kakarot looked back over his shoulder.

“Goku, no!” Bulma scolded him. “Wait until we’re inside.”

Kakarot anxiously stopped what he was doing and just continued to squirm as they entered the hotel. Vegeta tried to stay as far away from Kakarot as Bulma handled everything to get them checked in. Kakarot was being so… So OBVIOUS. Even if he would shut the HELL up and stop whining to Bulma about how much he had to pee, his constant fidgeting and bouncing would still be enough!

How could Kakarot stand to ACT that way in public? Vegeta felt disgraced and ashamed if he squirmed that blatantly when he was ALONE! Vegeta was feeling himself burn up just watching Kakarot fidget. The embarrassment of being seen NEAR him when he was acting like this was almost as bad as if Vegeta had been the one dancing around like a complete imbecile.

“Why isn’t there a bathroom in the lobby?” Kakarot complained as he paced in place beside Bulma. “That’s not fair.”

Vegeta groaned and tried to act as though he’d never seen Kakarot before in his entire life. Without his notice, his foot had begun to tap with impatience. Yes. Impatience. And nothing else…

He was also becoming aware of something else. His body was coming alive, and he could sense a ton of unfamiliar chi signals here. He knew he ought to have expected that, other people would be staying in this hotel too. But, since he couldn’t STOP sensing that energy, it was a little annoying. Distracting. He hoped the sensation wouldn’t keep him awake tonight.

“Okay,” Bulma said, turning to Kakarot. “This is for yours and Vegeta’s r—“

Kakarot grabbed the key out of her hand, “Vegeta, come on! Hurry!”

Vegeta sighed and started to follow Kakarot, but stopped him when they reached the elevator. “No, Kakarot. We’re taking the stairs.”

Kakarot looked at him as if he were being tortured… Which he kind of was. “What?! No, Vegeta! If you wanna race me up the stairs, I can’t do that right n—“

“That’s not the reason,” Vegeta said. “I just highly doubt your ability to hold still in there. And, if you tap your foot as hard as you’ve BEEN doing it, you’ll break the elevator. And there are few things I want LESS than to be stuck in an elevator with YOU when you’re about to piss yourself.” His bladder pinched and his tip flared, reminding him that being stuck in an elevator would be a miserable time for him for a LOT of reasons. He shifted, very slightly, trying to calm the thrashing inside him.

“Well, if the elevator gets stuck, we can blast our way out,” Kakarot reasoned.

“Bulma will kill us,” Vegeta said. “Just walk up the stairs. I know you’re capable of that.”

Kakarot’s eyes were watering, “But, I might… You know…” Kakarot was actually blushing… That was… Weird to see.

“You won’t,” Vegeta groaned. “Now, come on.”

Kakarot whimpered and complained the whole way up the stairs. His teeth were gritting, he was dragging his feet, and pausing every couple steps to jiggle around and take some stabilizing breaths. Vegeta actually… Slowed his pace a little. Not out of ‘concern’ or any asinine feeling like that, but merely because… Well, it would reflect poorly on ALL Saiyans if Kakarot pissed himself in public. That was all.

They got to their room. Kakarot’s hands were shaking so badly that he couldn’t unlock the door. He dropped the key a few times, and Vegeta had to try very hard not to let out a laugh that would have surely sent his own bladder into spasms. But, once Kakarot started to position his hands as if he were about to BLAST the door open, Vegeta had to step in.

“Let ME do it, incompetent clown…” Vegeta grumbled, unlocking the door for him.

“Thank you!” Kakarot exclaimed, rushing in.

Vegeta stepped in after him, and there were problems.

First, the idiot hadn’t bothered shutting the door to the restroom, so Vegeta had to quickly turn away to avoid having to watch him piss. Second, Kakarot was being so damned loud. His stream was gushing out with an ear-splitting hiss, and the fool was moaning his head off, too. Vegeta’s bladder gave a cramping lurch at the noises, and without meaning to, he started to bounce on his toes.

He stepped further into the room in an attempt to escape that obnoxious sound, and was met with another, even worse problem.

One bed.

WHAT?! Bulma had ASSURED him that they would at least have separate beds! He was going to have to convince Kakarot to sleep on the floor again.

And he could STILL hear the idiot pissing! Why did he have to gasp and pant and sigh so much?! Vegeta kicked off his boots and laid down on the bed, he turned on his side and covered his ears because… Because that sound was just so ANNOYING. That was it! And… And his thighs were just tensing up because he was THAT annoyed, yeah! His legs were only trying to cross because of how much Kakarot was irritating him.

Kakarot finished after a few more seconds. Vegeta rolled his eyes when the fool exited the restroom without washing his hands off— Another reason to make Kakarot stay on the floor tonight, he had atrocious hygiene.

“Oh, man…” Kakarot said. “That’s a lot better.”

Vegeta sat up, thought his legs looked a little TOO close together, and forced them to inch outwards until he was sure it didn’t look like he had to pee at all. His spine shuddered when the next spasm went through him. “Fantastic, Kakarot,” he sighed, gesturing to the bed. “We have bigger problems right now.”

Kakarot looked at him for a second, confusion etched on his face. “Oh, I’m sorry, Vegeta!” He said finally.

“Yeah, you’re gonna have to sleep on th—“

“I didn’t realize you had to go, too! I shoulda shut the door to muffle the sound just now, huh?”

Vegeta twitched. How— How could he tell?! How could he ALWAYS tell?! Vegeta looked down at himself, he didn’t think he looked tense… Well, not any tenser than usual, anyway. “I— Kakarot, I’m referring to the BED.”

Kakarot looked at it. “What about it?”

“There’s only one,” Vegeta said.

Kakarot shrugged, “Yeah, but it’s a big bed. We’ll both fit.”

“That isn’t the point.”

“… What IS the point, then?”

“The point is that I don’t WANT to sleep with you.”

“We’ve slept near each other before,” Kakarot said. “What’s the big deal?” He glanced at Vegeta again. “You need to use the restroom…”

Why did he have to say that so loudly?! Or at all?! “Kakarot, shut up about that—“

“Um…” Kakarot trailed off. “Hmm… So, what will work best for you here? I could go back downstairs for a bit, so you’ll have lots of privacy. Oh, and I’ll go to the buffet, so I won’t even be THINKING about what you’re doing in here.”

Vegeta decided that probably WOULD be the easiest way to handle this. Sure, he could pee around Kakarot, but it was still easiest if he was by himself. He was going to be alone, so he wouldn’t NEED Kakarot to keep watch for him, or… Say anything. “Fine,” he said. “Don’t get banned from the buffet.”

“No promises,” Kakarot said. “But, I’ll try.”

That was probably the best Vegeta could ask for.

Once Kakarot had left, Vegeta stepped into the restroom. He locked the door. He was surprised by the state of the toilet, Kakarot’s aim wasn’t AS bad as he’d thought it would be. He readied himself to go, and… Nothing.

He didn’t get too worried, though. It ALWAYS took a couple minutes. He had expected this. What he hadn’t expected was to STILL be feeling all those unfamiliar chis inside the hotel, and for that to make him continually grow tense rather than start to loosen up.

‘Ignore them,’ he ordered himself. ‘They’re in different rooms. No one know that you’re… Trying to void.’ He shut his eyes, tried to block out the chis, reminding himself again and again that he was alone, behind a locked door. That, even if he could SENSE people, they still weren’t close enough to listen to his stream pour out.

He felt a sharp throb right at his opening, and started to press into that since he knew it would bring him the relief he needed if he just pushed hard enough now. But, then he realized he could sort of HEAR people in the other rooms, too. And, the urgent pinch at his tip faded away, leaving nothing but a scorching, disappointing throb harshly careening through his bladder and down his length.

‘Dammit…’ Vegeta thought. ‘Come on, you are ALONE. You can DO this. You’re stronger than this! You’re too powerful to lose to your bladder!’ As he went through a mental list of all the things Kakarot tended to say to him during this moments, it began to dawn on him exactly WHY Bulma had wanted the two of them to share a room.

Bulma had known that this was going to happen.

Bulma had known that he was going to need Kakarot.

That realization tightened his uncooperative holding muscles up more than anything. Bulma had just EXPECTED him to need help; Help with something that he should NEVER need help with! Help with something that he should have been able to manage just FINE on his own!

And the worst part was that she was RIGHT.

The shame that overtook him then was breathtaking. He was becoming so dependent on Kakarot for something so BASIC and necessary! This shouldn’t have been happening. He shouldn’t need Kakarot like this. He should have been fixing it himself.

It was getting late. He was kind of hungry, but he didn’t want to join Kakarot in the buffet when his bladder was still aching so much. He allowed himself to hope Kakarot would just save him something, he was going to dedicate all of this alone time towards ridding himself of this awful pressure.

First, he tried flicking on the sink, he tried listening to IT instead of the faint voices he could hear from the other rooms. His bladder swelled and convulsed, as if the water was battering right up against it, but it failed to release.

Grumbling, he tore off one of his gloves, then turned on the hot tap. Once the water was warm enough, he shoved his palm beneath the faucet. His entire midsection felt like it was on fire, and he felt a dull ache begin to creep up his back, the prelude to the ultimate torture that his bladder could inflict on him. He tried not to think of the pain that was on the horizon if he didn’t get himself emptied soon.

Maybe… Maybe MORE warm water would work. Another idea was forming. He didn’t like it. It was unsanitary, and he’d NEVER consider doing such a thing if he were at home, but here, in a hotel room… That shower had probably had LOTS of disgusting things take place within it.

Ugh, was he seriously considering this? It was so dirty, and utterly desperate! But, Vegeta WAS desperate. His back was starting to hurt, and it was only a matter of time now before that pain increased to the scorching, agonizing acid burns that destroyed his ability to think and function. He NEEDED to get this pressure out.

He went to get his pajamas, then removed his clothing. Once everything was off, he could see the gnarled bump of his full bladder. He gazed at it warily, moving his hands further away from his abdomen as he imagined what it would feel like to accidentally brush his knuckles against that. He was USED to his bladder swelling, it was a normal thing to see, but it always made him wince to be able to stare at the source of his agony.

He turned the shower on, struggling to figure out how to get it to the right temperature, then stood beneath the spray. The hiss from the shower-head sounded a LOT like what Vegeta so desperately needed to do. It made him fidget a bit, rubbing his knees together anxiously and tensing his thighs. When he caught his hand moving to grasp hold of his dick, he stopped himself. The goal was to release everything right here, that was not going to happen if he squirmed and clutched at himself like he was trying to hold it back.

The warm water striking him felt nice. It soothed some of the tension in his shoulders, and he hoped it would do the same for other places. He shut his eyes and did his best to focus just on the sound of running water, the feeling of it warmly gliding down his back. He pleaded for it to lull his body into a state in which it could let go. ‘Come on… Come on…’

‘Are you kidding me, you pitiful, disgraceful little monkey?!’

Wh—What?! What the Hell?! He recognized Frieza’s voice, the disgust and scorn in it, but had trouble placing the exact time he’d heard this statement being snapped at him. He knew it had to be a memory, it sounded too real to just be something he was making up.

He didn’t know WHY he was being hit by a memory of Frieza scolding him now, when all he wanted to do was relieve his overflowing bladder in the privacy of the shower, but—

Something was coming back. He was six, maybe seven. His planet was gone. He was on Frieza’s ship and he had to GO. But, he didn’t dare ask Frieza for permission to do so. He couldn’t! Raditz was there too. Vegeta had to appear strong and infallible in front of the other remaining Saiyans. He was not allowed to show that he had any needs.

But, he needed to go so bad. It was hurting. Frieza was yelling, at him and at Raditz. Frieza was mad because they’d gotten so filthy during their last mission, and then they’d gotten mud inside the ship. Frieza was shouting that they needed to get washed, and sent them to the showers. Frieza stayed to monitor them, even though Vegeta really didn’t want Frieza to watch.

Vegeta kept his back to Frieza the whole time and tried to wash himself off as fast as possible. He was so uncomfortable. Knowing Frieza could see him made him feel gross. He was used to showering with Raditz and he didn’t mind doing it. He minded Frieza being there. The running water from the shower-heads was making him need to go even more. He kept looking at the drain and wondering if he could let himself pee here. If it would mix with the other water so no one even noticed.

Suddenly, Frieza growled “Are you kidding me, you pitiful, disgraceful little monkey?!” And Vegeta looked down in a panic, worried that he’d started to go without meaning to, but he hadn’t.

“How dare you do THAT in my showers?” Frieza snapped. Vegeta heard him stomping forwards, but he was going over to Raditz. “That is DISGUSTING, you learn to hold your water, you filthy brat!” Then, Vegeta could hear Raditz crying as he was beaten. Vegeta hurried to finish washing the last of the soap off, then frantically put his clothes on before bolting from the bathing room. Like a coward. A coward that couldn’t protect one of the only other survivors from his planet.

Now, Vegeta shook his head, trying to rid himself of that memory. Recalling ANYTHING about Frieza right now would not help him reach his goal. Recalling a time when he was so weak that he couldn’t even TRY to defend his fellow Saiyans was not going to help him. Recalling the sound of Raditz being beaten for peeing in a shower was not going to help him.

Vegeta tried for a few more minutes to both release his bladder and erase that memory from his mind. He wished that he could understand why things from so long ago still hurt him— Why they sometimes seemed to hurt him worse NOW than they had in the moment. It made no sense, and it made him feel pathetic. Like, even though Frieza was dead, Vegeta STILL didn’t have the strength to defeat him. He was losing a battle against a corpse and, since his bladder still REFUSED to empty, he was once again losing a battle against himself.

Vegeta gave up eventually, got out of the shower, put on his clothes and just forced himself to climb into bed. He was overwhelmed by how badly he had to urinate now. His bladder was SEARING, and no matter which way he turned, the pressure was severe. If he laid on his back, he felt his skin stretch over that angry, urgent bump of need. If he laid on his sides, he felt the liquid inside of him sloshing and battering against his bladder’s over-stretched walls. If he laid on his stomach, all of his weight pushed down on his lower abdomen and he was in so much pain that tears formed in the corners of his eyes.

Since his solitude hadn’t granted him the relief he wanted, he decided to at least take advantage of it in order to squirm. He flailed around in the bed, crossing his legs like crazy and clutching at his crotch for dear life. All the contorting and twisting helped ease the pressure a little, but it was nothing compared to what he actually needed.

Kakarot returned eventually, and Vegeta quickly covered himself up with the bedsheets since holding still was an impossibility. “The buffet was really good,” he informed with a smile. “I brought you some food, in case you’re hungry.”

Vegeta had to pee so bad that he felt nauseas. He couldn’t eat a thing right now.

Kakarot looked at him. “Feeling sleepy, huh?” He said. “Yeah, I’m tired too… Are you gonna make me sleep on the floor like last time?”

Vegeta was too uncomfortable to argue. “No. Just… Stay on YOUR side of the bed, alright? Don’t touch me, don’t get too close.”

“Okay, sure,” Kakarot said, heading towards the restroom.

‘Kakarot, I couldn’t go!’ The words were right on the tip of Vegeta’s tongue, but that was where they stayed. He just couldn’t get them any further. The shame held them back. Moments later, Kakarot was in the shower, and Vegeta was holding his pillow over his ears to block out the awful sound.

Vegeta tried to fall asleep. He’d gone to sleep with his bladder already full plenty of times before, but it had been quite a while since he’d last needed to do that. At home, he could ALWAYS go before bed. Ohhh, he wanted to be at home. If he was at home, he would have peed ages ago. He wouldn’t have remembered anything about Frieza. He’d be comfortable, not about to explode, not coated in shame and embarrassment.

The shower switched off, and Kakarot got into bed. He was staying on his own side, just like Vegeta wanted, but now he wished Kakarot would get a little closer, close enough to notice how uncomfortable Vegeta was without Vegeta needing to say or do anything.

“G’night,” Kakarot said.

“Stay on your side,” Vegeta responded.

Somehow, Vegeta eventually managed to fall asleep.

***

Vegeta woke up on a cot, inside a cell, somewhere in the lower decks of Frieza’s ship.

“What… the… Hell…” he mumbled as he sat up. His bladder gave a painful nudge, telling him that he had to empty it right away. His back ached as well, punctuating the urgency of his need. He ignored that for the moment. “Why am I—“ He stopped, concentrated.

He couldn’t sense Frieza, the Ginyus, Zarbon or anyone else who would be aboard this ship.

He DID, however, sense Kakarot.

Okay. This was a dream, then.

This was not the kind of place he wanted to visit in a dream, though. He’d been locked inside cells like this one plenty of times, especially towards the end of his stint with Frieza when he’d just gotten so fed up with everything that he’d started talking back even more than usual. The cells were miserable places. The only thing inside was the cot and a toilet— A toilet which Vegeta always refused to use until all the lights had been shut off in the ship for the night.

In the early days, Frieza’s prisoners were usually able to get OUT of the cells pretty easily. Vegeta had been strong enough to bend metal bars since the age of two. But, that had just required Frieza to get creative, in lieu of bars, the cells were now equipped with a force-field, and prisoners were outfitted with special collars of Frieza’s own creation— Collars which blocked the wearer from their own chi.

Whenever Vegeta was placed in a cell, he was completely powerless in every sense of the word. With Vegeta’s chi control removed, his ability to even ATTEMPT fighting back or defending himself taken away, Frieza would enter his cell and… ‘Torture’ was the only word to describe what he inflicted onto Vegeta then.

What came afterwards, when Frieza was finally finished with him, was always confusing. Once Frieza had stopped hurting Vegeta, once he’d stopped berating him, clawing him, tearing him up and unleashing Hell upon him in the form of relentless chi blasts, Frieza would begin to act very strangely.

With Vegeta laying there, his power stolen, his body in agony, Frieza would start to smile. And not his usual, scornful smirk, either. The smile always looked genuine. He would stroke Vegeta’s hair gently and tell him how proud he was that he’d managed to endure all of that pain so well. “You know I don’t ENJOY needing to punish you, Prince…” Frieza always said. “You are the best fighter in my entire army— You’re my favorite, remember that. My favorite… Please don’t make me have to bring you in here again. This hurts me more than it hurts you.”

And Vegeta would be confused, but praise from Frieza was so rare, and he would be in so much pain, so desperate for anything that would make him feel less worthless and broken… He’d allow Frieza to continue petting his hair and praising him. It felt good, and that was what hurt most of all.

Sometimes, when Frieza released Vegeta from the cell, he’d present him with some kind of gift. A new style of armor no one else had access to yet, a type of food he really enjoyed, a chance to lead during an upcoming mission… And it would still be confusing, but Vegeta couldn’t turn any of it down— Especially not food.

Vegeta didn’t like to remember this cell. Why had his brain decided to take him to it in his dreams?

The things that happened in here were sick beyond all measure. Pain, agony, Frieza’s claws all over him. Vegeta had nearly died in this place more times than he could count. It was one of the few places he’d ever shed tears.

Vegeta couldn’t even remember everything that was done to him in here. Some incidents came to him with perfect clarity, others were foggy and blurred. Others still were just… Not there; He could recall specific things he had been placed in the cell for, could remember Frieza arriving, but then it was like he skipped ahead in time to the moment he was finally let out, only aware that SOMETHING had happened because he could still remember how much pain he’d been in.

The first time he’d been here, he thought he had been six. He’d mouthed off to Frieza one too many times, demanding that he be given more challenging planets to conquer, insisting he didn’t need help from low-level scum like Raditz or a glorified babysitter like Nappa. He boasted that he could handle missions all by himself. When Frieza scoffed and sneered in response, Vegeta snapped that one day he was going to be stronger than Frieza and all his top soldiers combined.

So, Frieza had put him in the cell.

Frieza had returned around one hour later and hissed “It’s time you learn your place, you wretched monkey runt… You are nothing. I am your owner. And you shall remain my property until I see fit to dispose of you.”

Vegeta had never been able to remember what exactly happened after that. Just that every part of his body was utterly useless afterwards, all of it only capable of sending him endless volts of pain. There was not one piece of him that didn’t feel broken and shattered, not one area that wasn’t flooded with torment.

He remembered that, along with the feeling of Frieza’s claws combing his hair, petting it like he would an animal as Vegeta laid blearily on his lap. “You did it, Prince Vegeta… You made it through. I’m so proud of you, you took your punishment so well. So tough for such a little warrior. I know, that was so awful, wasn’t it? I wish I hadn’t needed to do that. If you can be a good, obedient Saiyan for me, it won’t have to happen again… I don’t like seeing you suffer so much."

Now, Vegeta’s heart-rate was skyrocketing just from being back here again, his awareness that it was only a dream did absolutely nothing to soothe him.

‘You’re sleeping, you’re sleeping, you’re sleeping,’ Vegeta reminded himself. ‘You can sense Kakarot. You know you’re not really here.’ But, everything looked real. It looked exactly how he remembered it. Even the blood stains on the cot were the same.

His bladder pulsed again. He wanted to wake up and go empty it. He wanted to wake up and… And just not be HERE anymore. He tried to summon his chi and allow it to build inside of himself, which usually caused him to wake up. Not this time, though. He couldn’t feel his own chi, as if the collar was actually working. As if all of this was real.

‘Kakarot is near you!’ Vegeta thought desperately. ‘And Kakarot was never HERE, that means it’s not real.’ He pinched his thigh, he needed to wake up. He couldn’t be here anymore. His urge to pee was worsening, but that paled in comparison to how badly he just did NOT want to be in this room. ‘Wake up, wake up!’

He didn’t wake up.

Vegeta tried to focus really, REALLY hard on his need for the restroom, hoping that IT would prompt his body into wakefulness. He zeroed in on the discomfort straining inside his lower abdomen, the constant thrumming buzz of his building desperation. He even tried to ‘exaggerate’ how bad it was, telling himself that he was about to burst and couldn’t hold it another second, in a vain attempt to get himself to open his eyes. ‘Wake up! Wake up, or you’ll wet the bed!’

If his bladder didn’t wake him up, then what would? His pulse was already racing with fear as he had a bad feeling he knew what this dream was about to force him to relive.

Frieza appeared on the other side of the forcefield. He punched in a code and entered the cell. “Well, Prince Vegeta, how have you been enjoying your confinement?”

Vegeta said nothing and pleaded with himself to wake up. He didn’t bother trying to take ‘control’ of this dream and blast Frieza to death, he already knew that it wouldn’t work. He didn’t have any control here, he was going to be put through everything again. It was going to happen again.

“Answer me, monkey!” Frieza snapped when Vegeta stayed quiet for too long.

“I—It’s… Fine…” Vegeta said. He couldn’t remember what he’d said to Frieza in real-life when he’d been in here. All he could remember was how loud he had screamed, how his vocal cords had fried, how his ears had rung, how his shrieks of pain had made his body hurt even worse but he’d been completely incapable of holding them in.

“Just fine?” Frieza asked, putting a hand to his chest in mock-offense. “You insult me, Prince. I went to all this trouble making these lovely accommodations just for you, I even got you that nice collar.”

Vegeta felt the collar, it was choking him. It felt so real.

‘Kakarot…’ Vegeta told himself. ‘Focus on Kakarot. He’s right there.’ He hated himself for all the reminders, for the way that Kakarot’s presence was the only thing making him feel okay as he was overcome with terror from a stupid nightmare.

“Oh, Vegeta, is that making it hard for you to breathe?” Frieza’s tail flicked. “How about I help you with that?”

Before Vegeta could react, Frieza’s tail had lashed out and wound itself around his throat. “Gih—Guh—!”

’This is a dream,’ Vegeta thought again and again and again. But, all the reassurances in the world couldn’t make the pain fade. He could feel himself losing oxygen, could feel the bones in his neck starting to break as Frieza’s tail squeezed against them. Frieza kept tightening the grip until those bones were just about to snap apart, and then he eased up. He just wouldn’t stop…

“I am not going to make this fast for you,” Frieza warned. “I’ve had enough of your defying me. You will pay the price.”

Vegeta’s need to pee was getting worse, too. He tried to focus on that pain, because he knew IT was real. He knew IT posed a real danger. The sensations of Frieza trying to break his neck were all fake, he wasn’t ACTUALLY about to suffocate. But, the pressure in his bladder DID exist, and if he didn’t keep control over it, he’d burst and pee the bed— Which would be beyond terrible since he could still sense Kakarot near him.

‘Kakarot… Kakarot…’ Vegeta chanted to himself in his mind. ‘He’s there. You’re okay. This is fake.’

Frieza’s tail finally released Vegeta’s neck, and Vegeta crumpled onto the floor. His bladder seared more, pain flaring in his tip and he gripped his hands against the ground to avoid holding himself. He didn’t know why he was bothering, why the idea of holding himself in front of Frieza was still so shameful when he knew this was all imaginary.

“Now,” Frieza said. “Are you ready to be polite?”

Vegeta nodded. The room was spinning and he felt light-headed. He hoped against hope that that was a sign he was starting to wake up, but no such luck.

“There’s a good monkey…” Frieza smirked. “Now, let’s see YOUR tail, shall we?”

Frieza grabbed Vegeta’s tail and, preposterously, Vegeta felt the pressure. This made even less sense than the choking had! He didn’t even HAVE a tail anymore in the real-world! How could he still feel—

Vegeta screamed at the top of his voice when, a moment later, he felt something sharp dig itself against the tip of his tail, felt it penetrate through the skin, through the muscle and sinew, felt it scrape against the bone. His eyes rolled back in his head as one of the worst pains he’d ever felt drove him to the brink of insanity. ‘Not real, not real!’ He kept shouting at himself. ‘Why the Hell do I still FEEL it?!”

Frieza shoved him forwards, releasing his tail. Vegeta turned back around just in time to see Frieza lick the blood he’d drawn out of his tail off of his extremely long, pointy finger nail. “Well, that was amusing! I could cause you THAT much pain just with one nail? You really ARE pathetic, you know that, monkey?”

Vegeta’s eyes were tearing up, and his legs were shaking. His tail hung limply, still bleeding. ‘Not real! Focus on what’s real!’ That was, perhaps, a bad decision, because when he again concentrated on his bladder, the one thing he knew was ACTUALLY causing him distress, the pins and needles inside of it caught fire, and the pressure at the base of his cock flared to life. “Ah—“ He crossed his legs, unsure of if his body was REALLY squirming in the waking world or not. He didn’t think so, because the action didn’t ease the pain in his bladder at all, nor did the jiggling and foot tapping that followed.

Frieza grinned wider at him, “Oh, does the little Prince need to go pee?”

‘Dream!’ Vegeta screamed inside his mind. ‘Just— Just—‘ “Shut up!” He barked at Frieza, and his blood ran cold.

“Did you just tell me to shut up?” Frieza asked.

Vegeta didn’t respond, he just kept shaking, and he wasn’t sure if it was fear or desperation that was responsible. He HOPED it was just desperation, still mentally scolding himself for getting so damned scared when he KNEW none of this was actually happening.

“Nnnh…” Vegeta tangled his legs up even tighter. ‘Come on, wake up! You have to use the bathroom!’ His bladder screeched and its walls strained, trying to pump something out. Nothing happened, of course. Not with Frieza WATCHING him.

‘He’s NOT watching you!’

“Ohhh, poor little monkey,” Frieza said. “He needs to go so, SO bad, doesn’t he?” He reached out a hand and cupped it over Vegeta’s bladder, which was swollen and tender to the touch. “Look at this, you’re starting to look a little round at the edges now…” Frieza gave Vegeta’s bladder a squeeze, as if it were a ripe orange.

The pain of THAT felt even more real than any of the other imagined torments his dream had subjected him to. Immediately, an explosion of agony rippled through his bladder, referring up around his rib cage and crashing down against his opening. Tears started to fall and he moaned as heat built up in his length, and for a second he thought he was going to leak, but the feeling disappeared back into the throbbing, awful, urgent pulsing of his bladder yet again.

“This is quite amusing, Vegeta…” Frieza said. “I may not even have to use any of my powers on you today. I can punish you fine with just my bare hands.” He mashed his hand against Vegeta’s bladder twice more, each time eliciting grunts and groans of displeasure as Vegeta’s body fought a war with itself. Then, Frieza shoved him to the floor. Vegeta quickly rolled onto his side, curling over on himself in an effort to shield his bladder from the onslaught, but Frieza forced him back around. “LOOK at me when I’m punishing you, Vegeta! I didn’t tell you you could turn away!”

“I—“

“This calls for more discipline!” Frieza declared, lifting a leg and stomping down on Vegeta’s lower stomach, pressing his full weight atop Vegeta’s bladder. Vegeta’s body reacted with a surge of screaming agony, his aching sphincters lit ablaze against the grotesque pressure. His back flared and nausea burned a line up his throat. ‘Ahhh… Stop, Frieza!’ Vegeta thought. ‘Please, please! Just stop! I’m gonna be sick! I’m gonna— Not real, not real, not real!’

He was able to feel Kakarot’s chi more clearly now, and that— That was GOOD. He could sense Kakarot, which made him constantly aware that this was just a dream. He could sense Kakarot, so the real Frieza was dead. He could sense Kakarot, so none of this was happening. None of the pain was real, none of the shame, none of the humiliation.

“BEG me,” Frieza commanded. “BEG me, and perhaps I will be merciful!”

“Never!” Vegeta shouted. “Not even in a dream!”

“Then I’m going to have to make you explode…” Frieza said, stomping once more on Vegeta’s bladder, causing the pain in Vegeta’s back to ignite with a new fury. “BEG ME!” Frieza ordered. “Beg me to let you piss, beg me like the pathetic creature you are!”

“NO!”

More stomping, more pain.

‘Not real, not real, not real—‘

“Pl—Please!” Vegeta cried out, and it was like the nightmare had taken complete control over him, too, forcing him to act in a way he never would, forcing him to endure the pitiful sound of his own voice, of the words he couldn’t hold back. “Please! Please, just let me relieve myself! Please, I’m begging you!”

He couldn’t make the words stop coming, and his horror increased as more of them spilled forth. This was even more terrifying than any of the OTHER things his nightmare had been subjecting him to. At least, with the memories of physical torture, there had been a tiny part of him that could be proud for his ability to endure… There was nothing to take pride in here.

“Please, please! I have to— I need to relieve myself! Please, let me go!”

“Beg MORE,” Frieza barked.

“Please, I’ll do anything!” Vegeta could do nothing to keep himself quiet, his dream-self wouldn’t obey him, his dream-self wanted him to be humiliated and ashamed. “Please! I need to go! It hurts!”

Something shifted and Vegeta could feel Kakarot more strongly than ever, that was good! He wanted to keep feeling Kakarot! He needed Kakarot!

***

Goku woke up, and all his grogginess faded in an instant when he registered how badly he needed to pee. His bladder was exploding, and it felt like it was caught in some kinda—

Hang on, what?!

Even after all of those ‘STAY ON YOUR SIDE OF THE BED!’ demands, Vegeta was pressed RIGHT up against Goku. More than that, he had his arms wrapped around Goku’s waist as tightly as he did sometimes when they fought! His legs were coiled around Goku’s as well. Vegeta was literally CLINGING to him, like he’d die if he let go, like he couldn’t get close enough to him.

And, that would have been fine normally! Goku liked being hugged when he was sleepy. And Vegeta was giving him a really tight, cozy hug right now.

There were just a few problems with that. First, Vegeta was the least snuggly person in the universe, so Goku was really confused by this turn of events. It was pretty warm in the room, so he doubted Vegeta was just seeking extra heat. If Vegeta woke up and discovered himself in this position, Goku knew he was going to be yelled at— It wouldn’t matter that Vegeta had been the one doing all the cuddling, he’d come up with some reasoning for why it was Goku’s fault.

Second, Goku needed to use the bathroom SO bad! And, Vegeta was, indeed, latched onto him with the same amount of force he employed during battles. Whenever he gripped him this way in a fight, Vegeta always managed to get quite a few decent hits in before Goku broke free. And, in order to actually GET free, Goku would have to power up and basically LAUNCH Vegeta off of himself.

Vegeta would not be pleased to be woken up that way. And Goku would be in a lot of trouble if he destroyed one of the walls here by slamming Vegeta through it.

But, just wriggling out of Vegeta’s grasp didn’t tend to work. Vegeta reacted too fast, adjusting his hold in whatever way was necessary to keep Goku in place.

Maybe he wouldn’t be able to do that in his sleep, though.

Goku tried to squirm free, hoping that since Vegeta wasn’t alert, he wouldn’t respond to anything Goku did.

Nope. Just as Goku started to ease his way out of Vegeta’s grasp, Vegeta tugged him back, hanging on even tighter. What’s worse, he’d changed the position of his arms slightly— Just enough so that he was now squeezing Goku’s bladder far worse than he had been before.

“Ah—Nnnh…” Goku gritted his teeth, squirming his legs and turning around as much as he was able to. If he couldn’t get Vegeta to let go, he at least wanted those strong arms away from his bladder!

He managed to get into a position that didn’t hurt AS much, but the waters inside of him refused to calm down. He had to pee, and he had to do it NOW. He thought that if he just got Vegeta’s legs untangled from his own, he’d be able to stand up and walk with Vegeta still clinging to him like this. His bladder would make that difficult, but not impossible.

He tried shoving Vegeta’s legs aside, but that only prompted Vegeta to wrap their limbs tighter together. Everything Goku did only made Vegeta hold onto him even more firmly!

“Vegetaaaa,” Goku whined. “Let go!”

Vegeta nuzzled his face into Goku’s side, but other than that he didn’t move.

This was so weird! Was Vegeta’s sleeping brain mistaking Goku for Bulma? Goku had a hard time picturing Vegeta even snuggling Bulma like this!

“Vegeta,” Goku said once more. “I promise I won’t tell anybody that you hugged me all night, but ONLY if you let me get up right now!” He wasn’t planning on telling anyone about Vegeta’s strange clinging anyway, but he needed to get through to him somehow.

What had gotten into him? WAS he too cold in here? Goku reached and tried to pull the blanket up around Vegeta a bit more to see if that did anything, but again Vegeta pulled Goku closer and now his fingers were kneading into his bladder!

“Ouch!” Goku exclaimed as a bright hot bolt of urgency shot down his length. He felt a scorching pressure at his opening, which was immediately followed by a short dribble of pee. “Vegeta, stop it! You’re gonna make me pee the bed!” He paused then, hoping the threat would reach Vegeta’s consciousness somehow, added “I’ll pee the bed, and it’ll get on BOTH of us, so it’ll look like YOU did it too!”

Vegeta remained glued to him.

“Hnnng, come ON,” Goku cried, wondering how his loud voice alone hadn’t been enough to wake Vegeta up. What the Hell was he dreaming about? Goku didn’t think he was dreaming of a fight— If he was, he would have been flailing, instead of refusing to BUDGE. When Vegeta turned his head slightly, Goku was able to see his expression.

His brows were furrowed like they did whenever he was angry. He was sweating, clammy, and a moment later he made a strange, distressed noise, and he shook against Goku.

“… Are you having a nightmare?” Goku asked, softer now. “Is that it? Is… Is hugging me making you feel safe?” It was a strange thing to consider, Vegeta being frightened to the point that he was clinging to Goku for comfort. But, Goku didn’t think the idea was too far-fetched, either.

Goku remembered the time he and Vegeta had been trapped inside of Buu’s body. They’d encountered a group of worms, and Vegeta had been REALLY freaked out. So much so that he’d stayed behind Goku, using his rival as some kind of ‘shield’ between himself and the worms. He’d even held onto Goku’s shoulders a couple of times, so tightly that they'd ached.

And Goku had just LET him do all that. He hadn’t given Vegeta a hard time about it, either. Instead he’d just carried on as if it wasn’t even happening, giving NO acknowledgement to Vegeta’s fear. If letting Vegeta hide behind him and cling onto him made him feel better, then Goku didn’t mind. He’d understood that was what Vegeta needed. He’d understood that, if Vegeta was ALLOWING himself to behave in such a way, he must have been extremely scared, and denying him comfort, or teasing him for it even a little, would have been cruel.

Vegeta seemed to be having an atrocious nightmare, he was scared and he needed comfort. And… If clinging to Goku GAVE him that comfort, then Goku supposed he could let it happen. Even if he did really, REALLY need to pee…

“It’s okay, Vegeta,” Goku said, trying to ignore the sharp, brutal throbs in his bladder. “I… Mmmf… I can hold it a little longer.” Still, he made one more attempt to wake Vegeta up, giving him a gentle nudge. “You’re just having a bad dream, open your eyes and it’ll be over.”

Vegeta’s nightmare was too strong, though. He didn’t wake up, and Goku felt bad. He didn’t know what Vegeta’s brain was choosing to torment him with tonight, but if it was making Vegeta THIS scared, it must have been awful.

Goku kept watching him for a few seconds. Then, anxiously, he put a hand onto Vegeta’s shoulder and rubbed it. Vegeta would KILL him if he saw that, but it just felt like the right thing to do now. As did his next words, “Whatever’s scaring you, I’m sure you’re strong enough to beat it.” He squirmed as much as he could with Vegeta wrapped around him. His lower stomach actually hurt from how desperately he had to pee. He was even feeling a little nauseated by the continued pressure. But, he thought Vegeta needed him right now more than HE needed a bathroom.

He smoothed his hand down Vegeta’s side, again all-too-aware of how furious his friend would be for such an action. “It’s alright, Vegeta. It’s just a dream,” he said. He tensed his thighs up against another awful jolt from within. He wasn’t fast enough, and a quick jet of liquid hissed between his legs. “It’s… Mmmf…” Goku winced, feeling sweat pouring down his face. “It’s gonna be okay. Everybody has nightmares sometimes. You can defeat this one.”

Vegeta’s eyes finally opened and, when they did, they blew wide. Goku expected him to start shouting at him. ‘WHY ARE YOU TOUCHING ME, KAKAROT?! WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT STAYING ON YOUR SIDE OF THE BED?!’ He expected Vegeta to pull away from him as if he were the most disgusting thing in the universe. He expected Vegeta to threaten him to NEVER speak of this accidental snuggling again.

But, none of that happened.

What happened instead utterly confused Goku. Vegeta released him, and shook like he was in an earthquake. His arms spasmed uncontrollably as he wrapped them around himself, his chest was heaving, and a strange noise came out of his mouth. He was breathing, but it sounded all wrong. Rapid-fire inhales and exhales, and it was like he still wasn’t getting enough air into his lungs, because his breathing speed continued to increase, becoming more and more desperate.

His chi was going totally ballistic, too. Rising and falling in rapid waves, flaring out of control.

Goku was usually so GOOD at reading body-language, especially Vegeta’s. He was good at predicting what a person would do next based on how they were moving now. But this time he just didn’t understand, he had no idea what Vegeta was doing, or what he was going to do. He knew Vegeta was really scared, however this seemed like something MORE than that.

“Vegeta?!” Goku asked, startled. “What’s happening?! Are you okay?!”

“K—Kakar— Kakar—“ Vegeta struggled, then seemed to just give up, he continued to hug himself, continued to fight for air, and Goku didn’t understand!

Goku tried rubbing his back, because he didn’t know what to do, and he remembered that sometimes Chi-Chi rubbed HIS back when he had to get a shot and it made him feel better. He had no idea what to say. Everything about this was so confusing to him, he thought Vegeta probably needed Bulma right now, but Bulma wasn’t HERE, and Goku wasn’t sure how to fix this— He didn’t even know what was WRONG with Vegeta!

Feeling Vegeta’s chi continuing to spike and flare, Goku concentrated harder and tried to transfer some of his OWN energy into his friend. He tried to put every bit of relaxation and calm into it that he could. This required him to un-focus completely from his bladder and he started to leak slowly, but he ignored that.

He just kept rubbing Vegeta’s back, and when Vegeta’s chi started to calm down and his breathing began to slow, Goku hoped that meant he was doing something right. What was happening? Goku had never done THAT after a nightmare before.

But, Vegeta had sure had a lot of really scary things happen to him before. Maybe that meant his nightmares were scarier than Goku’s? “V— Vegeta…?” He began, hesitant.

Vegeta’s breathing and energy had both stabilized, and now he was just sitting there, his face pale save for splotches of red. His eyes squeezed closed. He still had his arms around himself, his legs were fidgeting.

Goku’s bladder throbbed again, and he felt a trickle escape. He pushed a hand against his crotch to clamp off the flow. It hurt. He just wanted to keep peeing… Vegeta had let go of him, and Vegeta was breathing properly again. Goku could just get up and relieve himself now. But, he STILL didn’t feel right leaving Vegeta alone right now.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta managed to say. “Do NOT tell anyone about… That…”

“I won’t,” Goku promised, adjusting his position slightly so he could look directly into Vegeta’s eyes. His bladder sloshed, protesting even that tiny motion, and he needed to tighten his grip on himself to avoid another spill. “I promise. I mean, I don’t know WHAT just happened, so how would I even tell anybody?”

“…Good,” Vegeta said after a moment.

“What… What was that, though?” Goku asked. “I can tell you were having a nightmare, ‘cause of how you were holding onto me, and—“

Vegeta scowled and turned himself further away. “A nightmare, Kakarot?! Do you think I’m a child?”

“No,” Goku said. “But, everybody has bad dreams, and I started thinking about all the stuff you’ve been through, so I was wondering if you were, like, remembering something bad, and that’s why you were so… Upset?” He made sure to avoid using the word ‘afraid’. Vegeta was already in the process of shutting down and closing Goku out, acknowledging that his friend had been feeling terrified would cause the conversation to end completely.

“It was just a dream,” Vegeta said firmly, shifting around with discomfort. His shoulders shook. “I’m fine.”

“But… What HAPPENED in the dream?”

“That doesn’t matter.”

“Vegeta…” Goku said. Internally, he was scolding himself. Vegeta didn’t WANT to discuss this, and Goku DID want to get out of bed and pee! If he dropped the subject, then they’d BOTH get what they desired— But only ONE of them would get what they actually needed.

Goku needed to pee, but Vegeta needed to talk. If they didn’t do that now, then it would NEVER get done.

“You can tell me,” Goku said. “No matter what it is, I won’t… Tease you, or whatever you’re so worried about. I swear.”

“On Frieza’s ship, there were a few cells. I’d be sent to one whenever I managed to piss off Frieza badly enough. He’d make me wear a collar that prevented me from controlling my chi, so that I had no way to fight back, and then he’d come in and punish me. I was dreaming about that, but it was JUST a dream, so it’s no big deal. Stop worrying about it.”

Goku’s eyes widened. He could only imagine what Frieza did to ‘punish’ someone, especially after he’d completely removed their ability to defend themselves. He didn’t even WANT to picture it. Just the idea of having his strength and powers cut off from him was frightening— But to then have someone as ruthless as Frieza come around and ‘punish’ him, too…

Goku didn’t press Vegeta for details. He understood enough now, Vegeta’s nightmare had been a memory of himself being tortured. His clinging and hyperventilating made perfect sense. “… Do you need Bulma?” He asked. “Do you need to talk t—“

“No,” Vegeta interrupted. “Don’t disturb her rehearsing over this nonsense.”

“I don’t think it’s nonsense,” Goku said. “Sounds like you got hurt super bad…”

Vegeta tensed up again and grit his teeth. “If… If he hadn’t stuck that damned collar on me, I could have—“

“You could have,” Goku agreed. “That’s WHY he made you wear the collar, he didn’t want you to have a chance.”

Vegeta continued to shift around, looking more uncomfortable. Goku frowned, he was trying his best to make him feel better, but he was just getting more fidgety and upset.

“And, yeah, like you said— It was just a dream. Frieza’s dead now, he’ll never do anything like that again to anyo—“

“K—Kakarot!” Vegeta interrupted, squeezing his eyes shut again and shakily getting out of bed. There were tremors running all through his legs, he let go of his chest and let his hands fall down by his sides, clenching them into fists. “You— I— I must… Attend to something else right now!”

“Vegeta,” Goku started to say. Vegeta was trembling so much, clearly still on-edge from his nightmare. “Come on, I wanna help y—“

“I—In a minute!” Vegeta insisted, starting to step away. He was still shaking so ba—

Oh.

Goku felt silly for not realizing this sooner, considering his OWN continued desperation, but now it was plainly obvious. Vegeta’s shudders weren’t from fear anymore— Or at least, not TOTALLY. Vegeta ALSO needed to pee badly.

… Which meant Goku was gonna have to wait out here while Vegeta used the restroom. He was going to have to wait here, and possibly ‘encourage’ Vegeta to let it out as he so often did. He was going to have to wait until Vegeta managed to START peeing, and then for the SEVERAL minutes it always took him to finish. He was going to have to listen to his stream spraying out for ages, and just sit there in the bed and endure it. He was going to have to contain his already bursting bladder while Vegeta did what he was DYING to do.

Goku didn’t think he could hold it through all of that. He’d burst, he’d pee uncontrollably all over himself and the bed. He’d be soaked, Vegeta would come back, see what he’d done, and be equal parts mortified and furious. He was sure Vegeta would be more humiliated by Goku’s accident than he himself was! Vegeta would be beyond embarrassed when he realized that the hiss of his own stream had been the thing to send Goku over the edge.

“H—Hang on, Vegeta!” Goku blurted out. He NEEDED to go first! As much as he didn’t want to prolong Vegeta’s suffering, it was WAY less likely that his friend would wet himself while waiting. Plus, Goku would be finished far, FAR faster than Vegeta. It just made sense for Goku to pee first! “I gotta go, too!”

Vegeta froze, and Goku could tell he was blushing. Goku knew how he was going to react. He felt guilty, but he was COUNTING on it; Vegeta’s pride would INSIST he let Goku pee first, just to prove once again that HIS bladder was superior. In Vegeta’s mind, demanding that he take the first turn would be an admission of defeat, a sign of weakness. Those were unhealthy modes of thinking, things Goku had been trying to get Vegeta PAST, but right now, he NEEDED Vegeta to keep feeling that way.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta said, his voice much softer than usual. “I… Um… H—Haven’t gone at all since we got here…”

What?! But— No! He wasn’t supposed to argue! He wasn’t supposed to— He should have been saying “Of COURSE you do, Kakarot! Your bladder is so tiny! You go first, I wouldn’t want you to piss everywhere and disgrace the legacy of every Saiyan who’s ever lived!”

And… He hadn’t gone at all since they’d gotten there?! “But, I thought you went earlier! When I was—“

“I— Shut up!” Vegeta huffed, turning away again.

Oh, crap… Goku quickly readjusted to this new information, and it was easy to figure out what had happened. Vegeta HADN’T been able to go while he was downstairs. Then, when Goku got back up here, he’d been too embarrassed to admit it, to accept that the reasoning behind their ‘sleeping arrangement’ tonight had been sound, and that he did, in fact, need Goku’s help.

So, he’d gone to bed with his bladder still full, and Goku had been too sleepy to realize it. The passage of time and the fear his nightmare had provoked had most likely worsened his need to a painful degree. So painful that, in a vague way, he was confessing that he didn’t think he could wait for Goku to pee first.

But, Goku couldn’t wait for Vegeta, either! Vegeta always gushed like a broken fire hydrant for five minutes! No way could Goku hold it through that!

An idea popped into Goku’s head, but it wasn’t one Vegeta was gonna like…

“How about we go together?!” Goku asked.

Vegeta went still again, save for the tremors of desperation that he was unable to restrain. “… What,” he asked, voice flat.

“Er… You know, we stand next to each other and we both—“

“Are you kidding me, Kakarot?! Hell no!”

“Come oooon, Vegeta!” Goku whined. He scrambled to his feet, and immediately started to jiggle in place. “I really have to—“

“No, Kakarot! Just be patient!”

“But—“

“No!”

Goku chewed on his lower lip. His forehead was so sweaty. He felt like he’d waited a life-time already, and the additional time it would take for Vegeta to pee would be the death of him! Worst of all, he understood Vegeta’s refusal. He accepted it, he KNEW Vegeta just wasn’t gonna be COMFORTABLE doing this with him. But, still! He NEEDED Vegeta to do this with him! It was the only option left!

“But, but— I’m gonna be out here waiting for you, and you’re gonna KNOW I’m waiting for you, so it’s gonna take you even longer to relax than usual, and it’s gonna be so hard for me to help you!”

Vegeta turned back to stare at Kakarot. The glare in his eyes was one of the sharpest Goku had ever seen from him— And that was saying something. “Thanks, Kakarot! I wasn’t even THINKING about that until YOU brought it up!”

Goku frowned, he wriggled his feet against the floor. “I’m sorry…”

“Fine! You go first!” Vegeta snapped, and the way his knees buckled and rubbed together made it stunningly obvious how much he DIDN’T want to continue waiting.

“But, you’re in pain, you’ve been holding it too long—“

“Then, hurry up and—“

“Let’s— Let’s just do it together,” Goku suggested again. “Or at least try to? ‘Cause, that way, if it gets really bad for you, you’ll be in the right spot?”

Goku basically telling him that it was OKAY if he couldn’t actually make himself pee when they were side by side like that seemed to soften something in Vegeta. “… Fine, but don’t… Don’t LOOK at me at all when we’re in there.”

“You already KNOW that I wouldn’t,” Goku promised, fighting to keep the relieved smile off his face as Vegeta finally agreed. “I’ve never looked before!” He paused. “… Not on purpose, anyway…” he mumbled.

“What was that?!”

“Nothing!”

They entered the restroom together, and Vegeta’s shaking increased as soon as the door was shut. Goku pretended not to notice. He also pretended not to notice when Vegeta anxiously twisted the lock into place.

They stood in front of the toilet, and Goku lowered his pants right away. Vegeta just stayed there with his fists clenching at his sides.

Goku was having to work VERY hard not to just start peeing right then and there. He was supposed to be able to go now! He was at the toilet! “V—Vegeta, I’ve seen your thingy before,” he said, trying to calm his friend down some.

“St—Stop REMINDING me of that as if it somehow makes this any better!” Vegeta’s shaking intensified as his hands hesitantly went for his waistband. “Don’t you DARE look, if you look, you DIE.”

“I told you before I’m not gonna look!” Goku was shaking too now. “C—Come on, Vegeta, you’re ALREADY killing me here!”

Vegeta continued to hesitate, then as a shudder went down his spine, he finally pulled himself out. He was shutting his eyes so tightly that his aim was sure to be absolutely terrible, but that didn’t matter because nothing was coming out of him.

He felt so tense, every muscle he had was tied in a knot. And those knots were tied in knots, too. His ears weren’t picking up on as many sounds or voices this late into the night, but he could still sense so many unfamiliar chis!

But, Kakarot’s was the strongest, the one he could feel the most. Kakarot, who didn’t care that the simple task of pissing took so much effort from him. Kakarot, who had just ALLOWED him to cling to him during the night, and then hadn’t said a word about it. Kakarot, who hadn’t made fun of him when he woke up and forgot how to breathe. Kakarot, who never judged him.

Goku was trying his best to hold it back until Vegeta at least started to let out a dribble, but his body just couldn’t take it anymore. He was at the toilet, he could release… His bladder recognized that it was time to pee, so that was exactly what it did. And it felt GOOD, too. Even better than his relief at the gas station had been. He lost himself in the feeling, sighing with satisfaction before remembering that Vegeta was still having so much troub—

Beside him, Vegeta finally started to pee. He was obviously trying not to make any noise, but Goku could hear a slow, steady exhale from his nose as he was at last able to let something out. Goku hoped that maybe the sound of him peeing had gotten Vegeta’s body to react; That would make sense, he’d noticed Vegeta get awfully tense around running water before.

Goku was then given yet another reminder of exactly how large Vegeta’s bladder was— Not that he could ever forget. Once Goku had finished up one of the most badly needed pees of his life, he waited for Vegeta to finish. He turned away completely to give his friend more privacy, and then he had to just… Stand there for several more minutes.

A few times, Vegeta’s stream would slow and taper off, but then he’d start going full-force again after a moment.

Goku had been seriously about to burst, he’d needed to go so bad that it had been starting to hurt, so to have Vegeta continue to pee for SO long after Goku had gotten everything out… Goku knew that Vegeta just HAD a bigger bladder than him, that was simply the fact of the matter. But this was still concerning and Goku had half a mind to scold Vegeta for not admitting that he’d been having trouble before they’d gone to sleep.

Then again, this was such a precarious, fragile thing and Goku knew he couldn’t let Vegeta think he was judging him for ANYTHING.

Vegeta FINALLY finished and hurriedly fixed his clothing again. “Kakarot…” he breathed out. He sounded winded, utterly exhausted. And it probably had nothing to do with waking up in the middle of the night.

“C—Can I turn around?” Goku asked, just to make sure.

“Fine…” Vegeta said.

When Goku turned, Vegeta was still red in the face, awkwardly shifting as if he still needed to go.

“Phew…” Goku sighed. “I sure feel better now! Right, Vegeta?”

“Mmf…” Vegeta turned away. “Listen… Tonight was… Everything about it, I just—“

“I’m not gonna tell anybody, if that’s what you’re worried about.”

“Good,” Vegeta said. “And, Kakarot?”

“Yeah?”

“Wash your damn hands this time.”

*038*2024-02-02 19:56

To Goku’s immense surprise, Vegeta did not force him to sleep on the floor for the rest of the night. He had expected to be relegated to the ground, his friend too embarrassed after everything that had happened to be so close to him. But, instead of ordering Goku onto the floor, Vegeta stood awkwardly by the bed and didn’t seem like he WANTED to lay down until Goku had done it first.

Once they were both in bed, Goku saw that Vegeta was still a little shaken up. He curled up beneath the sheets, his back facing Goku, and Goku wanted to get closer to him, but he didn’t dare. He wanted to hold Vegeta’s hand and try to transfer more calming energy into him, but couldn’t do that, either.

For the first time in a long while, Goku missed his tail. He’d been okay without it for years and, once he’d learned the truth about his transformations, he’d been GLAD that his tail was gone and could no longer cause harm. But, if he and Vegeta still had their tails, Goku thought he might be able to drape his over Vegeta’s for a very subtle bit of comfort which Vegeta wouldn’t take too much offense to.

When Goku was little, if he had a bad dream, Grandpa would gently pet his tail until he fell back asleep.

Vegeta shifted around in bed, struggling to get back to sleep. Goku knew he was dreading the possibility of reliving Frieza’s torture again, and Goku couldn’t sleep either. He thought about reminding Vegeta again that Frieza was dead and couldn’t hurt him like that again. He thought about telling him that he was much, MUCH stronger than Frieza now anyway.

But, it sounded like the nightmares were just Vegeta’s memories replaying. In his memories, Frieza was alive and more powerful than him.

Goku had figured out how to sort of control his dreams, though! Even the ones based on his memories, he could make DIFFERENT things happen if he wanted to. “Vegeta, I know how to tell when you’re dreaming. If you can’t sense everybody’s chi, that means—“

“I already know that, Kakarot…” Vegeta huffed out. “Be quiet, I’m trying to sleep.”

“Okay… But, after you figure out you’re dreaming, you should be able to choose what happens, and—“

“That doesn’t always work,” Vegeta said. “I don’t know why. That whole time I was remembering what Frieza did to me, I was aware that I was sleeping. I just couldn’t do anything about it.”

“Oh…” Goku said. HE could get himself out of a nightmare just by thinking hard enough about other things. But… He also hadn’t ever been tortured like what had happened to Vegeta.

“And, it was JUST a dream,” Vegeta emphasized. “So, I’m FINE. Stop worrying about it. Besides, I always survived whatever he did to me— It actually impressed him.”

“Huh?”

“Yeah,” Vegeta said, sounding more sure of himself now. “After he was done, he’d tell me how proud he was of me for pulling through, how strong that made me.”

“That’s confusing…”

“It was,” Vegeta agreed. “But, he must have just been surprised. The first time I was in there, I was only six, and I bet I handled it better than the adults did!”

Goku frowned. Vegeta had been only a year younger than Goten the first time… Goku pictured Frieza rendering Goten defenseless and then attacking him with everything he had. Goku frowned more.

“He was shocked by how much I could take,” Vegeta said. “I must have the highest pain tolerance in the galaxy. Much higher than yours, I’m sure.”

Vegeta’s ability to endure pain WAS really strong. Goku reacted more when he got hurt, he cried out, he doubled over. Vegeta was usually more stoic about it. He gritted his teeth and didn’t let it show until it was really bad.

Just like how he was with his bladder… He put up with being full FAR longer than Goku could tolerate— Far longer than anyone should NEED to tolerate.

Goku wasn’t sure if Vegeta should feel so proud of his pain tolerance… Yes, it was good that he could handle it when he needed to, but the more pride he took in his level of endurance, the less willing he’d be to step back before he did real damage. The less willing he’d be to accept help.

The times Vegeta had admitted to Goku that something hurt, the affliction must have been blisteringly bad…

Usually, when Vegeta confessed to Goku that he was in pain, he was talking about his bladder. Which probably meant that, every time Vegeta told Goku that his desperation was causing him agony, he was well PAST the point where he was damaging himself.

“… Yeah,” Goku said. “Your pain tolerance is really good. I yell when I get hit way more than you do… But, you know that if you’re hurt, it’s okay to say so and maybe ask for help, right? I mean, even BEFORE it gets super bad.”

“I don’t need to notify people any time I’m slightly uncomfortable. And I do NOT ask for help. If I desire something from another person, I will DEMAND it. Now, go to sleep!”

Goku laid back down, but he was still worried. Vegeta obviously viewed ‘enduring torment’ as a requirement of himself. No wonder he pushed his body so hard…

Vegeta kept turning from side to side in bed. He couldn’t sleep. When Goku glanced over, he still looked shaky.

“Dammit…” Vegeta mumbled into his pillow.

“Vegeta—“

“… The… The stupid staff at this hotel have cranked the AC up so high,” Vegeta said, voice still muffled as he refused to look at Goku. “I am much too cold to get any rest!”

Goku paused. He didn’t think it was that cold… But, Vegeta WAS more sensitive to—

Oh.

He knew what Vegeta was trying to ask for— He wanted something that he could NEVER speak aloud. And, he must have wanted it very badly if he was allowing himself to even come THIS close to requesting it. Just this vague implication must have been tearing him up inside.

“Yeah, you DO look cold,” Goku said. “Too bad they didn’t give us more blankets…” He pretended to think it over for a second. “I know you’re not gonna like this, but if it helps you warm up, you can get closer to me. I won’t mind.”

Vegeta scoffed, but was already moving over to Goku. “Well. Fine. But ONLY because I’m freezing, and Bulma isn’t here to do it instead.”

Goku put his arm around Vegeta, whom flinched before settling down and eventually falling back asleep.

***

The next morning, Vegeta quickly separated himself from Goku. Neither acknowledged how close they had been.

Goku couldn’t shake off the nervousness he felt. That weird breathing Vegeta had done last night, it had sounded like he was suffocating. HAD he been suffocating? Had Vegeta been in danger of dying? Why had that happened? How did Goku keep it from happening ever again?

For what he thought was the first time in his entire life, Goku actually had trouble getting himself to pee that morning. He didn’t need to go that badly, he just wanted to make sure he was completely empty before Bulma’s speech in case it lasted a long time. Adding onto that, he was so worried about Vegeta randomly suffocating himself someday that it kept distracting him from the task of urinating.

He ended up needing to turn the sink on, something he knew sometimes worked for Vegeta. He was even a little self-conscious about that. Was Vegeta wondering about what had suddenly gotten into him?

Goku finished and came back out. If Vegeta had noticed anything, he didn’t say so. Goku felt silly for letting himself stress out about that, even if it was just for a second. As Vegeta headed into the restroom, Goku said; “I’ll go wait downstairs while you get yourself rea—“

“No,” Vegeta said quickly, his voice sharp. “I need to be able to focus on your—“ A blush started to build up on his face. He folded his arms. “Uh, I mean…”

“You need to be able to focus on my energy, so that you don’t notice everyone else’s?” Goku guessed.

“… Yes. That.”

“Oh, okay. Hey, I could even power-up, that way you REALLY won’t be able to feel anything else!”

“That won’t be necessary. Do NOT destroy the room, Kakarot.”

Vegeta entered the restroom. He actually needed to go quite a bit; That wasn’t uncommon after a particularly lengthy bout of desperation, like the one he’d suffered through yesterday. His bladder was tired, his muscles didn’t WANT to stretch out like that again so soon, so they had become more sensitive, making his urge feel more pressing than it should have.

With Kakarot’s energy to zero in on, Vegeta was unable to register anything else, and managed to relieve himself easily. He hated the idea that Kakarot’s presence had become so calming to him— The most irritating man in the universe somehow managed to soothe him! How was that even possible? It shouldn’t have been, yet obviously it was. Yesterday, when he’d tried to pee while Kakarot was downstairs, he had been utterly incapable of it. Now, with Kakarot near him, he only had to concentrate and try for a moment.

And, last night… Vegeta had… Sort of… Kind of…

Kakarot was warm. Bulma hadn’t been there. That was all.

***

Bulma gave her speech in the hotel’s conference hall. During the beginning, she searched for Vegeta in the audience, and was immensely relieved when he appeared to be comfortable— Or, at least as ‘comfortable’ as Vegeta COULD look.

He did seem a bit sleepy, however. His eyes kept drooping, and he yawned a lot. Bulma glared at him the first few times, offended that he would do that while she was speaking. But, when she noticed he was trying to cover his mouth and turn away from her view, she realized that he actually couldn’t help it. He was exhausted. Had some noisy hotel guests kept him awake last night, or something?

Goku looked pretty tired, too… And, to Bulma’s surprise, he actually looked anxious in addition to that. His brows were furrowed, and he struggled to keep his eyes off of Vegeta as he worried at his lip. Bulma planned to ask him what was wrong after her speech but, of course, she hadn’t needed to say a word.

As soon as Goku had a moment alone with her, he was blurting it out on his own. “Bulma!Vegeta started breathing really weird last night, and it looked like he was gonna suffocate, and I don’t know why! And, I got him to stop, but I’m worried it’ll happen again, and that he’ll—“

“—That was probably a panic attack,” Bulma interrupted, holding one hand up and urging Goku to slow down. She understood his concern. Goku probably hadn’t ever seen anyone have a panic attack before. So, to him, it must have looked like Vegeta was losing a fight against an invisible enemy that was trying to strangle him to death. “He gets those sometimes— Not often, but they happen.”

“Oh…” Goku said. “What’s a panic attack?”

“It’s related to his anxiety,” Bulma told him. “The attacks happen when it gets really intense. If he ever does that around you again, just try to help him steady his breathing… Hopefully he actually LETS you do that.”

“I think I did that last night,” Goku said. “I gave him some of my energy ‘cause I thought it’d calm him down… But, he’s NOT suffocating, right?”

“No,” Bulma said. “It might FEEL that way to him, though. So, calm him down like you did last night… Do you know what brought it on?”

“Um…” Goku frowned. “I kinda promised Vegeta I wouldn’t tell… I wasn’t even supposed to mention the breathing stuff, and I know he’s gonna be mad about it.”

“You only asked because you were worried about him, it’s alright. But, you probably shouldn’t use the words ‘panic attack’ around him. He’s still not ready to accept he gets them yet.”

“Okay, yeah, he got SUPER embarrassed after all that stuff happened…”

“He wasn’t… ‘shaky’ during my speech, so I guess that means ‘everything else’ has been okay?”

“Yeah,” Goku said, but Bulma saw him rubbing the back of his head, something he usually only did when he was nervous or avoiding something.

“It HAS been okay, right?”

“Uh, he kinda waited a long time yesterday,” Goku said, trying to give as few details as possible. “But, it’s all good now.”

“… Okay,” Bulma said. She wondered how long ‘a long time’ was, and hoped Vegeta hadn’t hurt himself because he was too stubborn to ask Goku for help until he was in severe agony.

But, who was she kidding? Of course Vegeta had probably done that…

“Well, we’re going to drive back soon. He probably won’t need you to remind him, but make SURE he’s ‘handled things’ before we leave.”

“Yeah, don’t worry.”

Bulma nodded, then narrowed her eyes. “And YOU’D better not walk out of here without going first, either. And absolutely NO gigantic sodas on our way back— We don’t want a repeat of yesterday.”

“Eheh… Yeah, we don’t want that…”

***

Goku didn’t need to remind Vegeta to pee before they left— Which was a relief, because Goku wasn’t entirely sure how he would phrase such a thing WITHOUT incurring any wrath. What happened instead DID trouble Goku a little bit, though.

Goku told Vegeta what time Bulma wanted to leave the hotel by, and after that Vegeta was oddly fixated on the clock. PRECISELY six minutes before they were supposed to leave the room, Vegeta got up and peed.

The way he seemed to obsess over timing it JUST right was concerning. Goku had never thought about this aspect of Vegeta’s Problem before; If he was going to leave a location where he could ‘easily’ pee at a specific time, he had to be careful about when he relieved himself last. If he did it too soon, he could fill back up again when it was deeply inconvenient. If he waited too long, he might not have enough time to finish— And Goku could guess easily enough that Vegeta would rather die than delay someone else because he’d been busy peeing.

It seemed like a whole lot of unnecessary stress to Goku…

As soon as Vegeta was finished, Goku went as well. He didn’t have any trouble getting his stream started this time, no longer fearful that Vegeta was going to suffocate.

***

Bulma had a problem.

It was a very silly one, but it appeared at the worst possible moment; Just half an hour after they had left the motel, the second they found themselves caught in traffic.

It was a very, VERY silly problem, and she couldn’t believe that it was actually happening.

She had reminded Goku to pee before they left, knowing that he was likely to forget about his bladder unless he was told to empty it.

She had looked Vegeta over before getting the car out of its capsule, because she wanted to make sure he was showing zero signs of ‘twitchiness’ and had gotten his needs handled while he was still in a place he could do so.

She had been VERY steadfast in ensuring that BOTH of them wouldn’t need to pee that badly for at least a little while, that her irresponsible friend and extremely bladder-shy husband were both totally empty before getting in the car.

And, she had left without using the restroom HERSELF.

She felt like a complete idiot. She felt like a complete idiot that was getting annoyingly desperate to pee while stuck in a traffic jam. How could she have spent SO much time thinking about how much she DIDN’T want either of the Saiyans to have ‘emergencies’ on the way home, and not ONCE consider that it might be a good idea for HER to go to the bathroom too?

Vegeta was beside her, glowering out at all the traffic. “Why did we have to drive back with you again?! Just—“ He broke into a yawn. “J—Just let us fly, so I don’t have to deal with this horseshit!”

“You and Goku both seemed pretty tired…” Bulma said. She knew this would provoke an argument and could already hear Vegeta indignantly snapping back at her that he wasn’t sleepy at all and was totally fine. She was banking on it. Bickering with Vegeta would distract her from her bladder. “I thought it would be better to drive you.”

Goku yawned in the backseat, “Yeah, Vegeta.” He said. “This way we can nap until we get back.”

Vegeta scoffed and rubbed at his eyes, dark circles had formed beneath them. “Who the Hell could nap here? The seats are uncomfortable, these belts cut into you, the other cars keep honking at nothing!” He counted off as his eyes kept drawing closed involuntarily. Each blink was coming on faster and lasting longer. “D—Damn them… And… Damn them and such…” His eyes shut again, and they didn’t re-open.

In other circumstances, Bulma might have laughed at the fact that Vegeta had literally just ranted himself to sleep, or appreciated how cute he looked when he was resting… But, she would have much preferred it if he’d stayed conscious, alert, and able to distract her.

She thought she might be able to bite back the embarrassment and admit that she’d forgotten to use the bathroom before they’d left— Goku was the only one awake right now, and the only thing he’d have to say on the matter was “Oh man, yeah! Don’t you hate it when that happens?!” He wouldn’t care, or think it was stupid that she’d managed to neglect her own body’s needs after fussing so much over his and Vegeta’s.

But, doing that wouldn’t fix anything. She was trapped in wall-to-wall traffic, and there was no way she could pull over and GET to a bathroom right now. She knew how Goku would react to THAT too, because she’d already BEEN in a somewhat similar situation with him before.

It was during her first hunt for the dragon balls. She, Goku and Oolong were riding a boat towards their next destination, and she’d really needed to pee. It had gotten so bad that she’d started mumbling to herself about it and, of course, Goku heard.

“Bulma, just go pee in the water,” Goku said, pointing off the side of the boat.

Bulma’s face had reddened with horror, and the blush deepened as Oolong grinned. “Heh, yeah,” the pig nodded. “Go ahead, it ain’t good for you to be holding it in.”

“NO!” Bulma snapped. “I am NOT doing that! You can FORGET it!”

Goku tilted his head so that he looked like a perplexed dog. “How come? Is it ‘cause you think the fish will get mad?”

“Goku…”

“They won’t, I promise!” Goku said. “I pee in lakes and stuff all the time, the fish don’t mind!”

“That ISN’T why—“

“If you’re THAT worried about the fish,” Goku interrupted. “Then maybe you can… Oh, look!” He bent down, and plucked a bottle off the floor of the boat. He pointed to it proudly. “You can go pee in this, Bulma!”

“No, I CAN’T!” Bulma corrected him, covering her face as Oolong laughed.

“But, why?” Goku asked. “You look like you have to pee REALLY bad, Bulma! Just go in the bottle, you’ll feel better!”

“Girls don’t pee in bottles, you idiot!”

“… Why?”

“Th—They just DON’T!” Bulma snapped. “Be quiet about this, Goku. I need to wait until I can use a toilet, or at least a bush.”

Goku stared at her a moment longer, watching her wriggling with some concern. An idea seemed to form in his mind and he smiled widely. “I know! How about we just have Oolong turn into a toilet?”

A few seconds later, Goku had been whining and asking what Bulma had slapped him for.

Goku might not suggest anything quite THAT stupid now, but any ‘solution’ he tried to offer to Bulma today would likely be unhelpful and just frustrating to hear.

Besides, Bulma COULD hold it until the traffic cleared up. It was just uncomfortable to do it. Her thigh muscles were tightening up and she was cursing herself nonstop for not going at the hotel.

Thinking about the one, painfully idiotic mistake she had made today was not helping her present situation much. Her bladder was twinging and tingling more as she continually wished she could turn back time and relieve herself when she SHOULD have. She needed something else to concentrate on.

Vegeta was still asleep, and she had a fairly good idea that waking up an exhausted Vegeta just so he could find himself STILL trapped inside of a car in the midst of a traffic jam would end very poorly for all involved. It was better to let him rest.

She could just talk to Goku instead, as long as she didn’t mention her need and prompt him to suggest an embarrassing, impossible remedy for it. But, when she turned around, she saw that HE had fallen asleep as well.

Bulma groaned. Goku wouldn’t be THAT grumpy if he got woken up, but considering that the REASON he was so tired was because he’d been up most of the night trying to soothe Vegeta from… Whatever had caused him to panic, Bulma really didn’t want to bother him.

She could do this. She’d needed to pee badly while stuck in traffic by herself before, and everything had turned out just fine. She’d go as soon as she was able to get to a bathroom, and she was sure that wouldn’t take TOO long.

***

Goku wriggled uncomfortably in his suit. The tie felt funny. It was pinching his neck. He didn’t like it. Why did Chi-Chi have to make him wear this stuff? And why did she keep picking out OTHER suits for him to go try on? They all looked about the same to him…

He also needed to go to the bathroom really bad. They’d been clothes shopping for FOREVER and he hadn’t been able to pee all day. “Chi-Chi…” he whined. “Haven’t I tried on enough stuff yet?”

“No,” Chi-Chi said. “I need you to look presentable for when we visit Gohan’s school next week, so you need to have the perfect outfit.”

“But, Chi-Chi, can’t I just take a break?”

“In a minute,” Chi-Chi said, looking through the clothes rack again and murmuring. “Maybe this one…? No, it’s too bright…”

“I have to take a leak,” Goku complained, hopping anxiously on his toes. “I promise I won’t be gone long.”

Chi-Chi sighed. “Okay… Just go change back into your normal clothes and then you can go. But, you’d better come back.”

Goku smiled, already feeling relieved. Just knowing that he’d be peeing in a couple minutes was making him feel so much better. The throbs in his bladder actually seemed to settle down, no longer worried that he would be forced to try to contain it until the end of the trip.

He rushed back into the dressing room and quickly got out of the uncomfortable suit. He had NO idea how he was gonna manage to stay in one of those things for an entire afternoon next week, but he wasn’t going to think about that now. There was really only one thing he wanted to focus on, and he put his regular clothes on as fast as he could.

He hurried out and thanked Chi-Chi before entering the main area of the mall. His bladder swelled and convulsed like crazy when he spotted the enormous fountain in the center of it. He clenched his fists at his sides and bobbed up and down as he tried to ignore it, and the awful sound of rushing water that emanated from it. Where was the bathroom?

He spotted a map and dashed over to it, but frowned when he found it immensely difficult to read. Goku usually had a little trouble reading, but it looked like the map was written in a completely different language— It actually kind of looked like the Saiyan language Vegeta used to sign his name sometimes, but Goku doubted it was the same thing. Not that it would help if it WAS, since the only word Goku could read in the Saiyan language was Vegeta’s name.

Trying to read the labels on the map was just making his head hurt, so Goku tried to just find an icon that he thought meant ‘bathroom’, but none of the icons made sense to him either! They were just random shapes.

His bladder throbbed even more sharply, and Goku couldn’t keep standing in one place anymore. He had to move around, and the map wasn’t helping him at all. He would have an easier time if he just wandered around until he finally found a toilet on his own.

He had to walk past the fountain, its gushing, trickling spray causing him to cross his legs and stumble. Maybe he could go in the fountain…? He could pretend to fall in and then relax while he was covered up by the water.

No, Chi-Chi was gonna be mad if he came back soaked.

He had to hurry, or he was GOING to come back soaked no matter what!

Goku finally spotted a restroom after what felt like hours of searching, but was probably only around twenty minutes. ‘Finally,’ he thought, rushing over towards it. His bladder already felt a little looser— A little TOO loose. He whimpered as he was forced to slow down to avoid leaking into his pants. ‘Just a few more steps, c’mon, I can make it…’

Just as Goku was about to enter the restroom, Krillin stepped out of it. He smiled up at his taller friend; “Hey, Goku! I didn’t expect to run into you here, did your wife drag you out shopping too?”

Goku hopped anxiously between his feet, his bladder was going into hysterics, jolting like mad in protest of this extra delay. “Y—Yeah,” he said. “She wants me to wear a suit for this thing at Gohan’s school. And, she keeps making me try on a whole bunch of them, and now I really have to pee!”

Krillin looked down at Goku’s feet and laughed. “Yeah, I’ll get outta your way, then.”

Goku breathed a sigh of relief as Krillin left. He entered the bathroom and stood at a urinal, undoing his belt. He was just about to start peeing when it struck him that something was off.

He’d JUST talked to Krillin.

But, he hadn’t SENSED Krillin at all.

This was a dream, wasn’t it? Goku clenched up his holding muscles again with another needy wince. He couldn’t release his bladder yet. If he did, he was gonna wake up soaked, and Chi-Chi was gonna groan and shake her head and say “Oh, Goku, not again…I just washed the sheets!”

He concentrated on his own energy for a second, trying to ignite it so that his body would jolt awake. With as urgent as his need was, he sure hoped he’d be able to stumble from the bed to the bathroom quickly enough. It was gonna be really, really close…

Goku woke up, but he wasn’t in bed. He was in a car. Bulma was driving, he heard Vegeta snoring… And, when he looked out the window, there was nothing but traffic as far as his eyes could see. They were barely moving.

Goku anxiously leaned forward and tapped the back of Bulma’s seat. “B—Bulma…? How long was I asleep for?”

Bulma groaned, and Goku noticed that her shoulders and back looked really tense. “A few hours, Goku— And traffic has barely BUDGED since you went to sleep.”

Goku flinched, he leaned back and grabbed at himself. That wasn’t good. His bladder was about to explode as it was, it wouldn’t be able to handle being trapped in a traffic jam much longer. “O—Oh,” he said. “Um… Well, you know, I feel really rested up now. I can probably use Instant Transmission again. Y—You don’t mind if I go home right now, do you?”

Another groan, this one more pained. Goku heard Bulma shifting around before she responded. “I… I… Could you wait until we’re out of this traffic?” She asked. “I thought… I thought maybe you could take Vegeta and I straight home, too… As soon as I can pull over and capsulize the car.”

Goku bounced his knees, gripping them urgently. “Uh… Well… I— I could come back for you guys!” He decided. “I only need to go home for a minute…” He worried at his lip. “I REALLY gotta pee, and I don’t think I can wait.”

Bulma held the steering wheel a little tighter. “Mmmf, that’s…” She leaned back in her seat, released the wheel and rubbed her hands over the tops of her thighs. “That’s… That’s fine!” She said, a certain sharpness in her voice.

Her tone gave Goku pause. So, even though his bladder was searing, he asked; “Bulma, is something bugging you?”

“N—Nothing much, I just… I can’t believe I forgot to use the bathroom before we left.”

“You have to go, too?” Goku said. “Well, I’ll take you with me!” Tensing up his thighs, and crossing his ankles, he forced himself to continue. “I’ll even let you go first, ‘cause I don’t think we can use the toilet together like me and V— Uh, like me and Krillin could!”

“You and Krillin did WHAT togeth— Never mind,” Bulma twisted in her seat, fighting not to jam her hands between her legs. She had been doing that quite a bit for the last couple hours, but now that Goku was up, she refused to continue. Her bladder was aching from the loss of that vital support, though. Goku’s offer was so tempting, but… “I’m driving,” she reminded him.

Goku looked out the window, and the stand-still traffic. “… Are you?”

“It moves, just very slowly. I can’t leave the car like this. Vegeta’s asleep, and he doesn’t even HAVE a license.”

“I’m sure we can wake him up, and he can manage it for just a—“

“Goku, I want you to imagine Vegeta spending even two seconds driving in this mess.”

Goku did. The first thing that popped into his mind was an image of Vegeta when they had first met, Vegeta was sparking with wild energy, his pupils pinpricks as his eyes bulged out of their sockets, his entire face scorched red with homicidal rage, and a vibrant chi blast firing from his hands, destroying everything in its path.

“I guess I see what you mean,” Goku said. His wriggling was getting worse, his bladder urging him to just hurry up and get to somewhere that he could pee. “But, are you gonna be okay?”

“I’ll be fine…” Bulma said, tapping her fingers agitatedly over her knees. She wasn’t sure if she’d be fine, but it didn’t make much sense to make Goku suffer through holding a full bladder through a traffic jam. Not when the guy could just teleport himself anywhere he wanted to go.

“Okay,” Goku put his fingers against his forehead and concentrated.

And concentrated.

And…

He couldn’t find Chi-Chi’s energy…

Okay, that was… Fine. Goten was probably at home with her right now. His chi would be larger, even Goku’s desperation addled mind should be able to lock onto it.

He felt it, but very, VERY faintly. He tried to latch on and focus , but within a few seconds, he lost it.

Um… Gohan would be at school right now… Could Goku still try teleporting to him anyway?

Would it be embarrassing for someone’s father to randomly appear in the middle of their classroom, obviously desperate to pee, and then go around asking everyone where the nearest bathroom was?

Goku thought about it, decided Gohan wouldn’t mind, and tried to locate his energy. He did it! But, just like with Goten, his focus shattered after only a moment, and he was still stuck in place.

Uh oh.

“Um… Bulma…?”

***

Vegeta was so damned angry with Bulma. He absolutely NEEDED to get into the bathroom NOW. His bladder was scorching with intense, burning pangs, and to his utmost humiliation, he had been reduced to hopping from one foot to the other as he waited right outside the door for Bulma to finally get out of the shower.

His knees buckled and he fought against the urge to grab at himself. It was so bad that he wanted to just tear open the door and go inside, shouting at Bulma to keep the shower curtain drawn, and the water blasting at full force so that she would neither see nor hear him— Hopefully that would be good enough!

But, for some reason, Bulma had actually LOCKED the door this time. Of course, Vegeta COULD force the door open anyway, but in doing so he’d shatter the lock. He could NOT let himself destroy that lock.

So, instead, he’d forced himself to knock on the door and demand entry. “You have been in there long enough!” He shouted. “I have… ‘things’ I need to do today, and you are delaying me!”

But, Bulma hadn’t answered. He knew for a FACT that she’d heard him, because a person would have to have NO ears at all to miss when Vegeta was yelling at them. She was CHOOSING to ignore him.

He tried three more times. “Bulma! Let me in immediately! My patience is GONE!”

But, she still wouldn’t reply.

With immense frustration, he came to the conclusion that she was trying to make him… Say it. She wanted him to say, out-loud, why he needed to get into that room so urgently. He would not give her that satisfaction, and he would NOT debase himself by confessing that he was in very real danger of springing a leak soon.

He stubbornly kept quiet and paced the room for a while longer, feeling his holding muscles burn and contract, the walls of his bladder being pulled thinner and thinner by the ever-growing ocean he was containing. Finally, he was hit with a very intense convulsion in his pelvic muscles, and he dragged himself back to the door, knocking on it more forcefully than ever and wincing when he saw the wood beginning to splinter. ‘Stop, stop… Don’t bash a hole through it… That’s the last thing you need…’

It did emphasize to him just HOW infuriating this whole situation was; He was blocked off from relief by an obstruction which he could EASILY get rid of. He was damaging the door without even MEANING to! But, he NEEDED the stupid thing to remain intact and functional, so he couldn’t just break it down. He had to hold back. He had to hold back SO much… He had to restrain his strength, so that he didn’t accidentally bust up the door. He had to restrain his temper, so that he didn’t lose it and destroy the thing in a fit of unthinking rage. And he had to restrain his bladder, which now felt like it was constantly mid-spasm.

“Woman!” Vegeta snapped. “Hurry the Hell up! I— I… I…” He clenched his eyes closed, his voice lowering. “I need to relieve myself…” There! He’d said it! He’d fucking said it! That was what she wanted to hear, right?! She’d let him go now?!

No response.

“D—Dammit…” Vegeta growled under his breath. “Bulma! I said that I—“

“I heard you,” Bulma called back, acknowledging him at last.

“That means you have to allow me—“

“I’m not going to,” Bulma said smoothly.

Vegeta stared at the door. The door stared back, remaining a mocking, enraging barrier that he could EASILY destroy if he didn’t NEED the damn thing so much. He struggled to process what Bulma had just said. HOW could she say something like that?! She KNEW— She knew how difficult this sort of thing was for him! How could she want to make it worse?!

“Mmmf, it’s— It’s urgent, alright?” Vegeta snapped. “Is that what you want to hear?” Blushing so warmly that he felt like he was rubbing his face against a stovetop, he went on. “Is it? I… I, Vegeta, Prince of the Saiyans, need to… Urinate very desperately. There. I said it, now let me in before I—“

“That’s good, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “I HAVE told you that you need to learn to speak up more. But, that isn’t what I’m waiting for.”

“Then WHAT?! What do you—“

“I’ve been doing some thinking,” Bulma said. “And, I think the only way you’re gonna get over this Problem of yours is if we really shock your system.”

“Wha—“

“If I see you wet yourself— the worst thing that could possibly happen— and you get it over with and see it isn’t actually that bad, that should fix everything.”

Vegeta stumbled back, his heart pounding rapid-fire in his chest. She… She couldn’t be serious! That didn’t make any sense! That would never work! It would just make everything worse! And— And he couldn’t… He couldn’t… wet himself. Not where Bulma would see! Not— Not anywhere! And— And what was Bulma planning? Did she intend to stay in the shower for two whole days? Because that was how long it would take for Vegeta to actually lose control of himself!

The one time he’d… Done that as an adult, it had been after two full days of EXTREME agony, and he’d even gotten sick in the process! After that, he’d moved BACKWARDS, the progress he’d made was UNDONE by the shame of it all. This was NOT going to work.

But, Bulma didn’t KNOW that Vegeta had already… Had already… soaked himself like that. All she knew was that he’d gotten sick from holding it too long. As far as she was aware, Vegeta hadn’t wet himself since he was four, so maybe THAT was why she’d managed to think this would be a good idea?

“Th—That won’t work, B—Bulma!” Vegeta stammered, his wriggling was increasing. The abject panic flooding through him was wrapping tight bands of pressure around his already exploding bladder. “I kn—know that it won’t. B—Because I already… Um… I… Actually… Er… I… Uh, I… I lost control of my… My bladder in front of Kakarot once, and i—it just made the Problem worse!” Ahhhhh! He couldn’t believe he’d said that! He’d never wanted to confess that to ANYONE— Especially Bulma!

But, if it got her to change her mind about doing THIS to him—

“I still think it’s worth a try, Vegeta,” Bulma told him.

HOW?! HOW WAS IT WORTH A TRY?! Didn’t she realize how risky it was? Didn’t she realize that there was an extremely high probability that this was just going to make everything so much worse for him?! How could she do this to him?! What was wrong with her?! He was so damned mad, and embarrassed, and his chest started to freeze up and tighten. He was actually starting to recognize that constricting feeling now, he knew it meant that he was going to lose his breath soon, he couldn’t handle that pain on top of everything else!

The worst part of all of this was, in spite of utterly bizarre this whole situation felt to him, he knew that he was NOT stuck in a nightmare. He could sense Bulma’s chi— That meant this was real! He couldn’t free himself simply by finding a way to wake up, he was ACTUALLY stuck in this heinous situation.

He could… He could just go… TRY to use a different restroom somewhere else in the building. He’d done it before, with mixed results. He could do it again. If Bulma was intent on torturing him like this, he’d just find a toilet elsewhere and STAY there until his bladder decided to cooperate, no matter HOW long that ended up taking. If he had to stand at the toilet for two days straight until his body broke, so be it. He would NOT wet himself.

Maybe that was Bulma’s true plan, she was just trying to manipulate him into using some of the OTHER restrooms in the house every once in a while. That was still utterly enraging, but he didn’t want to think she could truly be cruel enough to REALLY want him to have an accident.

Apparently, she could be.

Vegeta wasn’t even able to TRY to try using a different bathroom. Somehow, somewhere, Bulma had managed to obtain a TON of locks that Vegeta actually couldn’t break! He was stunned that Earth produced locks of such a high caliber— He had ASKED Bulma repeatedly to find some like this that he wouldn’t need to worry about destroying, and she’d always insisted that no Earth locks could ever be that durable.

But, THESE were. He was TRYING to force the door open, getting angrier and more desperate when he continually failed to get it to budge. WHERE had these things come from?! And, they were on EVERY bathroom. What were the employees supposed to do? And Trunks?! Did Bulma intend to torture and humiliate all of THEM, too? She must have! If VEGETA couldn’t break apart the locks, then nobody could!

FINE!

He would go somewhere else! He would go… Ugh, where would he go?! He lived in an enormous, over-populated city! Where was he supposed to find any privacy?! Could he fly right now? Could he fly off, find some nice, secluded woods and pee? Could he fly to… To Kakarot’s house, explain this horrific situation to the fool and demand that he provide a solution?

He pictured himself standing at a tree near Kakarot’s house, the two of them commiserating over how stupid Bulma’s idea today was as he slowly managed to ease his muscles and rid himself of the pressure.

He rushed outside and tried to get into the air. But, it was no use. His bladder was much too heavy, he barely managed to lift his toes an inch off the ground before he completely lost his concentration.

This was… Really, really bad. His face flamed as he realized that he was standing in front of the biggest building in the city, people walking and driving by constantly, as his legs tangled up and he almost doubled over.

He ran back inside, where at least there were fewer witnesses to his disgraceful behavior.

He just… He just needed privacy. THAT was what he needed. And… That privacy didn’t NEED to come with an actual toilet. Any container would suffice at this point. Yeah. Just… Seclusion and SOMETHING to urinate into, he didn’t care WHAT it was.

The supply closets all locked, and he was fairly certain they all contained mop buckets… Ugh, revolting, he’d have to hide the evidence somehow afterwards, he’d have to—

Ohhh, he could figure that out later! All that mattered right now was peeing, he couldn’t deal with ANYTHING else until after he’d finished with that!

He struggled down a few halls and ducked into the first supply closet he passed. He twisted the lock as carefully as he could, because of COURSE Bulma hadn’t outfitted THIS door with one of those indestructible ones.

There was a bucket, and Vegeta stood in front of it. He couldn’t believe he was going to do this… But, he was out of options. ANYTHING was better than pissing himself. No one had to know about this. No one would ever find out. He’d do his best to forget it.

He pulled down his zipper, and—

FLASH!

“KAKAROT!” Vegeta yelped, jumping backwards and shielding his crotch from view as Kakarot suddenly appeared beside him. “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU—“

“I have to pee!” Kakarot whined.

This HAD to be a fucking nightmare, it just HAD to—

No, no. He could sense Kakarot’s chi. He was here. This was real. For the SECOND fucking time, Kakarot had teleported his way into the room while Vegeta had been trying to pee. And THIS time Vegeta hadn’t even been granted the luxury of being able to let a little bit out first!

“I don’t care, Kakarot!” Vegeta yelled. “I’m busy, go awa—“ He stopped. Kakarot was… Here. He could use that to his advantage— He didn’t NEED to shame himself by pissing in a bucket… Keeping one hand over his crotch, he grabbed Kakarot’s shoulder with the other. “Teleport us to your house, or something. Now.”

Kakarot frowned and touched his forehead. “I can’t do it!” He said after a second. “I have to pee so bad that my instant transmission won’t work!”

“You JUST used it, you blithering idio—“

“Bulma, I think I’m gonna wet myself!” Kakarot complained. “Is there anything in here I can use?!”

Vegeta gripped Kakarot’s shoulder more harshly as confusion worsened his desperation. “Bulma isn’t IN here! What are you talking abou—“

“Can’t you look?!” Kakarot pleaded. “Please? I can’t hold it!”

Ugh, the fool was delirious now or something. Vegeta was starting to feel that way himself. He NEEDED to fucking go. “Kakarot, just… Just turn around while I—“

“Bulma, please check again?!” Kakarot whimpered.

Was he fucking hallucinating?! Yeah, Vegeta could sense Bulma too, but that was just because they were still in the same building. She was STILL in the bathroom, preventing him from using it. And Kakarot wouldn’t even do him the courtesy of turning around so he could use the fucking bucket, and—

“Goku,” Bulma’s voice from… Where? Was Vegeta hallucinating now too? “There is NOTHING here, I have checked!”

Vegeta blearily blinked his eyes open. For the first several seconds, all he felt was relief. That HAD been a dream, Bulma WASN’T trying to force him to wet himself, and he wasn’t about to do anything as disgraceful as pissing into a mop bucket.

But then, as he adjusted to his surroundings, he felt a little LESS thankful for that last thing. In his dream, he’d been about to void and get some relief from the pressure churning away inside him. But, here…

Here, he was stuck in a car with no way to go.

And he REALLY had to go.

A glance at the clock told him he’d been out for quite a while, and his bladder was indeed still sore after all the disobedience it had shown him yesterday. He glanced out the window, enraged to see they were STILL jammed together with a bunch of other cars.

Then he heard Kakarot’s whining, which had followed him out of his dream.

“Bulma, please, please, look again! Please! It’s almost coming out! I— Ah! I just leaked some!”

Bulma tapped her foot jerkily against the floor, twisting from side to side, “I looked, Goku! There is NOTHING in this car for you to pee into!”

“Wha— What about your other capsules!” Goku pleaded. “Don’t you have anything with a bathroom?!”

Bulma gritted her teeth and blew out a slow breath. “Don’t remind me…” she mumbled. “I DO, but look around us— Do you see anywhere with enough space for me to pop out a house?”

“… No,” Kakarot said. “W—Wake Vegeta up, have him fly off and g—get me a bottle somewhere!”

“I’m already awake!” Vegeta snapped. His bladder couldn’t stand listening to this anymore. He REALLY hadn’t enjoyed hearing about Bulma’s capsules. Now, he knew she was carrying a private restroom around, but it was stuck inside one of those little pill-looking things, unusable because there wasn’t any room to open it.

“Great!” Kakarot said. “Pleeeeaaaase go get me an empty bottle? I can’t hold it!”

Vegeta’s frown deepened. He knew he should help Kakarot— After all the times Kakarot had… had ‘assisted’ him in similar situations, he probably owed it to him… But, Vegeta had been sitting here for so long now, his bladder was achingly full, pressure battering his opening and it took everything in him not to writhe. Standing up was going to hurt like Hell, his body was going to come alive, every discomfort magnified…

But, that wasn’t the main issue. Vegeta could take pain. He was GOOD at taking pain. What he couldn’t take at all was humiliation; And, if he tried to fly right now, he had a sinking feeling that he wouldn’t actually be able to get airborne. He simply needed to void too much for that to happen. And, Bulma and Kakarot both watching as he failed a task that was usually as simple as walking for him…

“Go get it yourself!”

Of course, that got Kakarot whining… “I can’t! If I stop holding my thingy, I’m gonna pee!”

“Stop calling it a—“

“But, you got mad before when I called it a wiener. What do you want me to call it?“

“Just— Just—“

“Ahhh!” Kakarot exclaimed. “More came out!”

“Vegeta,” Bulma said, her voice was exhausted and frayed. When Vegeta turned to get a better look at her, he saw that her face was coated in sweat, and her legs were constantly jiggling up and down. “Go get him a bottle. I don’t want a mess in the car.”

“But— But, Bulma, I—“

“Now,” Bulma insisted, and with as frustrated and antsy as the traffic had already made her, Vegeta knew there was no room for argument.

“F—Fine!” Vegeta tore off his seat-belt and, ohhhh…. Ohhh… Relief… That felt amazing… The momentary respite from his brutal need gave Vegeta a boost of confidence. Maybe he COULD fly! Maybe he could fly, and even find himself a bit of privacy while he was out there. Maybe he was mere minutes away from being able to go!

First, he had to deal with standing up, though. He unlocked the car door and shoved it open. He did it much more roughly than he’d intended and his blood ran cold for a second before he registered that it HAD remained attached to the rest of the car.

“CAREFUL,” Bulma scolded him. “Don’t tear it off! And, don’t slam it into another car!”

Grumbling, Vegeta turned and set about forcing himself to his feet outside. After a few seconds of bracing his body for what was sure to be an onslaught of intense, burning need, he decided that the best thing to do would be to stand up as fast as possible. He launched himself upright onto the pavement outside and—

FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK!

His bladder surged, agony burned a trail down his length, his knees buckled and for a second he feared he was going to collapse. The humiliation would kill him, and the effect of the impact on his bladder would spit on his grave. Pain crept up his back, and he bit down on his lip harshly. Please, not that… Please, don’t let it climb any higher, don’t let it reach that agonizing space beneath his ribs, don’t let his body start tearing itself to shreds…

Taking a stabilizing breath, Vegeta stood in place for a moment, just trying to recover enough to ATTEMPT flight. He could sense the chis of all the people inside the other cars. Were they looking at him? Could they tell he really, really needed to pee? Did they think he’d gotten out of his vehicle because he couldn’t hold it anymore? Were they all thinking about him being seconds away from an accident?

“Vegeta!” Kakarot STILL wouldn’t be quiet. “Hurry!”

“I’m— My— My feet fell asleep, Kakarot!” Vegeta snapped. “Just give me a second!”

“I don’t have a second!”

Vegeta shut his eyes, balling his hands into fists at his sides. He didn’t WANT Kakarot to wet himself. Vegeta would feel really sorr— Vegeta would be so ANGRY if Kakarot had an accident! That would disgrace the entire Saiyan race! But, Kakarot was going to need to hold on for a bit longer. Long enough for Vegeta to get himself into the air, long enough for Vegeta to find some isolated spot, long enough for Vegeta to… To…

‘Fly, dammit…’ Vegeta ordered himself. ‘Now.’

Vegeta tried. He focused as hard as he could on getting his feet off the ground. He felt them lift, then realized that he was just standing on the tips of his toes now because for some reason that was easing the pressure in his bladder a little. He wasn’t achieving flight at all.

“Vegeta,” Bulma said, more frustration in her voice. “What are you doing?”

“Uhhhh…” Vegeta turned back to look at her through the still open door.

“Stop messing around,” Bulma scolded him, now crossing one leg over the other. “Go get a bottle for Goku— Because at least HE can pee in a bottle!” She added, with another annoyed knee bounce.

Vegeta stared back for a second, a prickly feeling working through his spine. What… What was she…

She could tell that he needed to pee, and… And she was MOCKING him?! She was taunting him for not being able to use a bottle?! How— How dare she! He understood that she was pissed as Hell at the traffic jam— He was too! But—But— He thought she was DONE teasing him about this! He thought she didn’t find it funny anymore!

He shot her a glare and turned back away. Now, he REALLY wished that he could fly! He wanted to be AWAY from here. He put up with her teasing him about a lot of things. Deep down, he sometimes… Sort of… Maybe kind of liked it. But THIS was a line she wasn’t allowed to cross— And comparing him to Kakarot, too… Emphasizing to him that Kakarot was more capable than he was— It was like she just WANTED to set him off! And for what? Taking a little extra time to be able to fly?!

He kept trying to take off, he WANTED to fly at top-speed, but now his body was less cooperative than ever. The desperation, the embarrassment, the twitching, cold feeling sinking through him… He couldn’t, he was trying as hard as he could, but he only managed to get an inch off the ground, then his bladder cramped and he dropped back down. He landed wrong on one of his feet and fell to his knees.

Pain.

The jolt that ripped its way through his bladder as he landed so roughly made him feel like a stun gun was being jammed into his abdomen, digging itself against the aching stone of his bladder while zapping him with billions of volts of electricity. “Nnnnh—Ah!”

“Vegeta?” Bulma called from behind him. “Wha— What happened?!”

Vegeta turned back around, and forced himself to basically just crawl back into the car, once he was sitting limply in his seat, he yanked the door closed and covered his face with his hands— Even though what he really wanted to do was shove them between his legs.

“Vegeta!” Kakarot cried. “I— I need— Stop messing arou—“

“I CAN’T!” Vegeta shouted, the vibration of his own voice making his bladder convulse yet again. “I can’t! Alright?! I fucking can’t!” Giving Bulma another furious glare, he added; “There! You happy?!”

Bulma’s ankles rubbed together and she bounced a few times as confusion took over her flushed face. “Why would I be happy about… ANY of this? You got hurt, Goku’s about to pee on my car seat—“

“I’m trying not to!” Kakarot cried. “I promise!”

“Vegeta,” Bulma said. “What’s wrong, are you sick?”

Vegeta gave a derisive sigh, rolling his eyes. She knew! She already fucking knew! She knew enough to make FUN of him, even when he was trying to do her and Kakarot a favor! “Oh, of course, you want to force me to say EVERYTHING, don’t you?!”

Bulma rocked back and forth in her seat, her cheeks reddening. “Vegeta, you aren’t making ANY—“

“Well, FINE! I have to piss so badly that I can’t even fucking fly, and it’s NOT funny, and—“

“It’s NOT funny!” Bulma agreed, taken aback.

“Then, why the Hell would you mock me?!”

“I haven’t!”

“‘Oh, Kakarot can actually pee in a bottle in my car, unlike you, Vegeta! You’re too damn pathetic to do that!’”

Bulma’s expression creased and her eyes widened. “Oh— Oh, Vegeta, is THAT what you thought I meant?”

Vegeta was still just glowering at her.

“You gotta go too, Vegeta?” Kakarot asked. “Aw, now I’m REALLY sorry that I can’t teleport…”

“Shut up, Kakarot…” Vegeta mumbled, shamed by his earlier shouting.

Bulma reached a shaking hand over and touched Vegeta’s shoulder. “That isn’t what I was saying at ALL… I promise.”

Vegeta flinched at the physical contact during a moment in which he felt so vulnerable.

“I was just saying… It’s ridiculous, but I forgot to use the bathroom before we left the hotel… And, y’know, I wouldn’t be able to pee into a bottle, either.”

“You wouldn’t?” Vegeta asked.

Bulma gave him an odd look. “Um… No. No, I would not…”

“BULMA!” Kakarot exclaimed from the backseat. “I don’t think I can— Ah!”

Vegeta and Bulma both turned around to look at him. Kakarot was doubled over completely, his legs were tangled in knots, his hands were grasping at his crotch. His eyes were screwed shut as a mixture of sweat and pained tears glided down his face.

“Goku!” Bulma said. “Tr—Try to—“

“I AM trying!” Goku insisted. “It won’t stay in! I— I—“ Goku’s eyes blew back open as the leaks and dribbles that had been slipping out of him turned into a stream. He couldn’t hold it anymore, no matter how hard he tried, no matter how much he squirmed and writhed, no matter how much force he exerted on his holding muscles, none of it mattered. His bladder only had so much room in it, and there was nothing he could do to create space that didn’t exist. He had overflowed, and he had no choice but to sit there and pee like he had been dying to for hours.

It felt really, really good. He’d been so uncomfortable for so long, the sudden release of his taut muscles snapping going limp felt like a reward. He didn’t even REALLY mind the warm, heavy feeling spreading over his crotch and trickling around to his backside. He had to resist a sigh of relief, because everything else about his situation WAS a problem.

If he were outdoors somewhere, or standing over a tile floor or… Something easy to clean, then he wouldn’t be feeling so guilty. As it was, his bladder uncontrollably draining itself into the fabric seat of Bulma’s car, he was ashamed. He didn’t want to ruin Bulma’s car, he hadn’t meant to! He’d tried his absolute best to keep it dry and clean, he’d held it as much as he possibly could…

Adding to his guilt was his knowledge that his friends both really needed to go, too. He was sure that his own loss of control wasn’t helping either of them.

It definitely wasn’t. Bulma wanted to cover her ears, but she couldn’t because her hands had glued themselves between her legs and she didn’t dare budge them. She took in short, shallow breaths and tried to remember the last time she had needed the bathroom this badly. She couldn’t think of one, apart from maybe the time she’d full-on wet herself right after meeting Goku. Oh, please don’t let this end the same way…

Her bladder was sending her a surplus of angry signals that told her it very well might. Her pants were digging into her engorged midsection, her seat-belt was strangling it as well. When she looked down, her belly looked bloated in an unsightly way that made her shudder. It looked awful, and it felt even worse. She was scared that, even if she managed to hold on until she was in a bathroom, she wouldn’t manage to get onto the toilet fast enough, she imagined her bladder breaking apart as soon as she laid eyes on it.

Vegeta faced away from Kakarot, his heart thundering in his ice-laden chest. His face burned. He was blushing. He was so, so— Why was HE embarrassed?! Kakarot was the one who was… Doing that. Yet, Vegeta felt like a spotlight was on HIM, there was no doubt in his mind that he was infinitely more humiliated by Kakarot’s loss of control than the fool HIMSELF was, and he couldn’t understand why.

And, the sound… The sound of Kakarot’s… stream hissing out. It was so damned loud, and Vegeta’s Saiyan hearing made it impossible to ignore. The noise was going straight to his still convulsing bladder, making it spasm even more, making him— Making him grip his bouncing, twisting knees in an effort to keep his hands away from his dick. He wanted to hold himself, he wanted to… He wanted to, he didn’t need to. He wanted to, he didn’t need to.

He needed to…

When another volt of pressure slammed through his bladder, Vegeta’s hands dove between his legs for a squeeze. His face burned even more, and he was furious at himself for it. Kakarot was literally pissing himself, Bulma was visibly desperate, and he was STILL embarrassed about grasping himself, he was STILL embarrassed that his body was forcing him to display his need. He knew no one in the car with him could POSSIBLY judge him for trying to pinch his opening shut as he squirmed as subtly as he could manage, but his humiliation continued to grow.

He felt like people in the OTHER cars could somehow see into THIS one. And, for some reason, instead of locking onto the grown man that was actively wetting his pants, they chose instead to focus on the one that was still holding it. Vegeta turned himself back and forth a few times, but no matter where he directed his own gaze, he still felt nothing but shame.

Finally, Kakarot was empty. Immediately after the hissing sound ceased, he was speaking “I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to! I tried to hold it! I’m sorry!”

Bulma tried to untangle her legs enough to push down on the gas pedal as the car was finally able to move forward a little bit more. “I—It’s… It’s fine, Goku. Y—You couldn’t help it… This isn’t even my favorite car.”

Vegeta said nothing. His mind drew a blank when he tried to come up with some way to respond to what had just happened. He felt so… He was… Ugh, what WAS this feeling?! It was like the one he got whenever he saw Trunks get hurt! It was SO annoying! It melded with his desperation to make him feel extremely heavy inside…

“I’m still sorry, though,” Kakarot said. “I promise, I tried as hard as I could…”

If Kakarot didn’t stop talking in that soft tone, making Vegeta feel… Whatever the fuck THIS was supposed to be…

Thankfully, Kakarot perked back up pretty quickly. “Hey! On the bright side, I can probably use Instant Transmission now! So, that means I can get you guys outta h—“

“You CAN’T, Goku,” Bulma interrupted. “Until I can pull over and put the car back in its capsule, I need to stay with it. I can’t just ditch it in the middle of the road.”

“Well… Um… Is it okay if I just take Vegeta for now? I wanna help! We’ll come back, and then once you can pull over, I can—“

“N—No, Kakarot!” Vegeta interrupted. “That won’t be necessary.” Perhaps, if Bulma didn’t need to pee too, Vegeta would have begrudgingly accepted the offer. He would insist he was just so tired and annoyed by the traffic that he couldn’t take the frustration anymore, and that his bladder had VERY little to do with his decision to leave immediately. Such statements would be pointless, and he knew Bulma wouldn’t buy it, but it would at least give him some peace of mind.

However, with Bulma needing to pee so badly, too… Vegeta couldn’t just… He couldn’t act like his OWN situation was more dire than hers! Of course it wasn’t! If she had to hold it then, as the stronger one, he should be required to do the same.

“Are you sure?” Goku asked. “I don’t want you to have an… to hurt yourself.” He quickly changed what he’d been about to say at the last second. It was far more likely Vegeta broke something before he had an accident like Goku.

“Of course I’m sure! You don’t need to ask me that!”

Over the next half hour, they slowly crept along the road, eventually passing the wreck that had caused all of this infuriating traffic in the first place. Vegeta was miserable. The pain in his back was continuing to build, and he knew that it was going to reach its crescendo soon. He hoped he’d at least manage to keep quiet when that pain struck him. Knowing Kakarot, he’d probably grab Vegeta by the shoulder and teleport him somewhere right away.

And then Vegeta would be able to—

He was the strong one. Bulma was suffering. It would be so wr… It would just be shameful if he gave up like that.

Adding to his discomfort, the car didn’t smell particularly good at the moment. Saiyan noses were sensitive, and the car reeked of Kakarot’s piss. The smell of piss was both nauseating and a constant tease on Vegeta’s bladder, which caused him to feel revolted by himself. That his body could be swayed by the scent of Kakarot’s urine…

Highly unwanted thoughts started to creep into his mind; Things he had learned about ancient Saiyans. Namely, a very long time ago, when Saiyans were still living in caves and had yet to form civilizations, it was the norm for rivals to ‘mark their territory’ as a display of dominance.

Fuck, Vegeta’s bladder was spasming hysterically right now, lurching and shuddering and trying to squeeze and push everything out… He hoped to Hell that being subjected to the smell of Kakarot’s accident wasn’t activating some kind of deeply primitive instinct, but suddenly the pangs in his bladder were happening more frequently. He tightened his grip on himself.

Now that the traffic was finally clearing up, Bulma started to feel just the tiniest bit better, but not by much. At least she was finally GETTING somewhere, but now she was forced to actually pay attention to her driving again. That wasn’t easy when her legs just wanted to knot up and her hands wanted to stay glued between her legs.

When she was at last able to pull over at a store, she released the steering wheel with a moan and grabbed at herself again. She leaned backwards and ripped off her seat-belt, finally giving her bladder some more space. But, all the space in the world wouldn’t make much of a difference now, she didn’t think she had ever been this full before, and the unsightly bulge in her lower abdomen was excruciating just to look at.

Vegeta got… Swollen like that all the time… How did he ever manage to put up with it?! Surely, he must have wished he could claw through his own skin and get rid of it! That was what Bulma was yearning for right now!

She could put the car back into its capsule now. Goku could teleport her and Vegeta home now.

But… How far away would they be from a bathroom? What if they ended up being TOO far, and Bulma didn’t manage to… There was a toilet right inside the store, the walk there wouldn’t be very long.

Vegeta needed to go HOME, though. He needed to get home right the Hell now. Goku could JUST take him, Bulma supposed. Hopefully he wouldn’t come up with a silly reason to be stubborn about it.

Bulma opened the door and stepped out, and almost lost her footing when she was met with a whole new wave of pressure. Her bladder contracted sharply, and a bit of pee started to dribble forth. She clasped herself even tighter, but the dribble built into a spurt that continued to warm her clothing for a good two seconds before she was able to get it to stop.

Her knees buckled and she crouched beside the car, groaning. When she managed to open her eyes, she saw that Vegeta and Goku had both come to her side, Vegeta twitching from head to toe and clasping his hands behind his back, clearly trying not to hold himself anymore. His expression radiated nothing but agony, and his thighs looked painfully tense. He was twisting at the hips and even that much was obviously humiliating to him. His eyes kept darting about his surroundings before he made himself focus on Bulma.

“Goku,” Bulma grunted. “Could you take Vegeta home n—“

Vegeta tore his hands out from behind his back and helped Bulma back up.

Bulma was startled, and leaked again. “What are you doing?!“

Vegeta gritted his teeth for a second, trying not to shout. He restrained himself to one pathetic, little whimper. Lifting Bulma had ignited the fire in his back, and now it was burning brightly. It felt like his kidneys had been punctured, stabbing, shooting pangs that were so intense he could hardly breathe. Just inhaling air into his lungs wrapped tight bands around his screeching bladder and wailing kidneys. “If you are struggling to w—walk, I will assist you,” he said. His eyes were burning, pressure filling him everywhere, his whole body hurt so damn much. “Y—You should probably go here.”

Goku frowned, “Vegeta, you’re going to hurt yourself if you—“

“I can help her walk!” Vegeta snapped, bouncing on the balls of his feet. It didn’t look like HE could walk very well right now himself! He was hunched over, one hand now sort of cradling his aching abdomen.

“Vegeta,” Bulma started to say. He needed to get home… His voice was shaking and cracking, his eyes were shimmering. Goku was right, he was hurting himself.

“I can take you home RIGHT now, Vegeta,” Goku said. “And, if Bulma needs help walking, I can do that, too!”

‘Dammit, Goku…’ Bulma thought. That was the LAST thing he should have said…

“You think I’m not capable of assisting my own wife, Kakarot?!” Vegeta demanded. “Come on, Bulma…” And he started to help her towards the store.

‘Help’ was a very strong word there. He was moving WAY too quickly for Bulma, and she felt herself dribble a few more times when she was forced to move her thighs too far apart from each other. She was able to keep one of her hands pushed against her crotch, which stalled the leakage a little, but it would have been better if she’d been able to use both hands. Unfortunately, Vegeta was gripping the other one and there was absolutely no way she could yank it free.

He was holding her hand much too tightly, it was actually painful. She knew he wasn’t doing it intentionally, but it seemed that with every new pulse from his bladder, his ability to control his strength worsened. His grip on her kept tensing up, too, making her hand ache.

Vegeta wasn’t just walking too fast for Bulma, his speed was too much for HIMSELF as well. He made hurt, strangled noises in the back of his throat with every step, each one seeming to jab another hole through his agonized kidneys. But, he refused to slow down, fearing that if he did, he would stop completely and then be unable to move again.

Once they were inside, Vegeta led Bulma to the restroom. He was on high-alert, there were other people in the store, and he couldn’t allow anyone else to see Bulma in this embarrassing and vulnerable state. It was bad enough Kakarot had needed to be present for it. Vegeta’s chest ached from how hard his heart was pounding.

Bulma could feel his tension growing, that was clear in how the vice-like grip he had on her hand was getting even MORE firm, she winced audibly from the pain but he must have thought the noise had only been due to her desperation. He didn’t let go until they had reached the door to the bathroom, which he then shoved open for her.

The relief of her hand no longer being crushed was amazing, but that was nothing compared to what she was about to experience. She hurried into the restroom, locked the door and tore down her pants before sitting on the toilet. Immediately, the dribbles she had been failing to hold back turned into an intense stream that crashed into the bowl with an echoing hiss.

The sudden depletion in pressure made her moan. Her legs tingled and twitched with pleasure. It felt so good to just be able to relax for the first time in so many hours. The heinous tension in her midsection was at last going away, and she no longer felt like she was being stretched within an inch of her life. Finally, finally…

As her stream continued to flow out and her mind cleared a little, she really, REALLY hoped that Vegeta had finally let Goku take him home now. The agony she’d just gone through was only a small fraction of what Vegeta suffered with, and he needed to feel this kind of release too.

***

Vegeta waited outside the restroom, swaying from foot to foot and drumming his fingers against the wall. He yearned to shove his hands between his legs and squeeze away, but he could NOT allow himself such a luxury. He was right outside a public restroom, he had to stay as still as he possibly could, lest someone notice him and start thinking that he was seconds away from exploding.

He wasn’t, of course. He wasn’t going to explode, because… Because he was in public! And, no matter how much it FELT like he was about to burst, that couldn’t happen to him here. Still, his bladder was thrashing like mad, he tensed his thighs, trying to pinch his opening shut between them. He could hear Bulma peeing, which both made him blush and made his insides cramp and contract with an angry fervor. He jiggled on his toes, glaring at his feet and trying to force them to go still.

But, that simply wasn’t possible. Vegeta had to piss so fucking much, it was taking everything he had not to start openly holding himself. Especially when a particularly awful jolt prompted the smallest, shortest leak. Just a drop or two, but he was overcome with panic.

Kakarot rushed beside him and, at first, Vegeta’s spine stiffened, his blush deepening. Now, he was failing to hold his squirms back as he waited outside a restroom, AND he was next to a guy who’d just wet his pants.

But, upon closer inspection, Kakarot’s clothing looked clean now. He must have used his chi to dry himself off while Vegeta was helping Bulma.

Vegeta calmed down ever so slightly, some of the heat fading from his face. “Kakarot. Home. Right n—“

Vegeta didn’t even need to finish the command. Kakarot grasped his wrist and a second later they appeared in Trunks’s room. The boy jumped. “Wha—“

“Hey, Trunks!” Kakarot said. “Sorry to surprise you. We just got stuck in traffic, so I had to get your dad outta there before he got so mad that he blew something up.”

Vegeta’s blush returned. Generally, it was easiest if Kakarot’s excuses held a kernel of truth, but if he didn’t know any better, he’d think the other Saiyan was making fun of him!

“Um… Okay…” Trunks said, his gaze going directly to Vegeta’s shuddering, twisting legs.

Quickly, Vegeta turned and started off in the direction of his bedroom. Once he was out of Trunks’s sight, he allowed himself to slow down and paid less attention to how ‘normal’ his gait looked. He took awkward, careful steps, trying to calm the thrashing tide within his bladder. His back felt like it was completely shattered by that point, shards gouging fresh wounds into his already obliterated kidneys. Nausea rose up in his throat as he forced himself down the short length of hallway to his room.

The closer he got, the more his bladder wailed. He leaked several more times, each one lasting longer than the last. Sweat rolled off of him, and he hoped IT was the cause of most of the dampness he could feel in between his legs. Honestly, he couldn’t tell. He was aware that his bladder was spilling over, and that his close proximity to the one place he could reliably empty himself was making him lose control. But the pressure was so awful and so constant that he could barely gauge how much was making its way out.

He yanked his zipper down as soon as he’d shut the door to his bedroom. He’d had nightmares about this kind of scenario, in which his torment concluded with him drenching himself right in front of the toilet, unable to restrain himself for the crucial final seconds it took for him to get his clothes out of the way. He couldn’t risk letting that come true.

Once in the restroom, he was able to shut the door, but that was ALL he had time to do. Droplets were starting to patter against the floor, the extra moment required to lock the door could result in him making a larger, much harder to clean mess.

Kakarot was here… If anyone randomly TRIED to come near this room for some reason, Kakarot would deal with it.

Vegeta spun around and faced the toilet, he aimed his leaking member and, for several infuriating seconds, he just continued to let out those painful, little drops. ‘Dammit, just— Just let go already! Let it the Hell out!’ His opening scorched brightly, making him sweat more as he gritted his teeth and pushed into the ache.

A stinging, burning trickle of liquid slowly eased out of him. It felt like his tip was being repeatedly clawed into, and his bladder was still cramping brutally, but the sight of an actual stream finally starting to form already made him feel better. He forced himself to keep straining, waiting for the moment where everything in him collapsed at once and he was at last rewarded with the bliss of relief.

It took longer than usual for that to happen this time— His bladder and holding muscles were extremely irritated. Still exhausted after yesterday’s torment, and angry at him for his stubborn refusal to let Kakarot take him home until he knew Bulma was alright— What had gotten into him?! He’d even made himself keep waiting and restraining himself long after the pain in his back had ignited. Any other day, that sensation would be the final straw, he would go to Kakarot IMMEDIATELY, unable to endure the mind-breaking torture for longer than a few minutes.

This time, he’d FORCED himself to do it, he’d forced himself to WALK as that flared through him. He’d forced himself to listen and wait while someone else relieved themselves, his back screeching and tearing him to bits.

He really was good at taking pain…

He rubbed his middle, trying to soothe the raw, tender muscles there, trying to get himself to truly release. Still, he was only managing a shuddering, low-pressure stream. Like water struggling through a hose that had a few knots and holes all through it. It hurt to keep squeezing it out, and he still felt so full… It was going to take ages to get rid of it all at this rate.

He reached over to the sink and flicked it on. Once the water warmed up, he rolled his glove off his hand and plunged his skin beneath the spray.

That did the trick.

His valve finally opened the rest of the way, and he started to spray. Immediately, the relief he’d been craving overwhelmed him, making his toes curl up inside his boots. He didn’t manage to stop himself in time, and sighed loudly; “Ahhhh….” A deep blush overtook his features, the sound ridiculous to his own ears.

***

Bulma stood from the toilet with a satisfied sigh. Wow, she could NOT believe she’d actually made it. She’d seriously thought she was going to pee her pants. She probably WOULD have if Vegeta hadn’t helped her walk…

Stubborn guy… He should have just let Goku do it, saved himself a little bit of agony.

Bulma started to pull her pants up. She’d gotten them most of the way over her thighs when Goku suddenly appeared next to her. “GAH!” She screamed, stumbling to the side and frantically zipping up. “GOKU! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING H—“

“I didn’t know you were still in here!” Goku stammered. “I—“

“WHERE ELSE WOULD I BE?!”

“I just didn’t want you to wonder where Vegeta and me went, I didn’t want you to worry—“

“I could have figured that out just FINE on my own!” Bulma fumed, stomping over to the sink. She cranked it on and splashed some water onto her red face. She groaned. “PLEASE tell me Vegeta isn’t STILL trying to hold it for some asinine reason…”

“He’s not,” Goku said. “He was running off as soon as I got him home.”

“That’s good,” Bulma relaxed some more. “Couldn’t you have waited a few more minutes before showing up? Why do you always have to embarrass me?”

“I didn’t mean to!”

“You’re lucky you haven’t done that to Vegeta, he’d probably knock you through a wall…”

“Oh… Well, actually I DID do that to him once, and he DIDN’T try to kill me!”

“You— You what?!”

***

Vegeta wasn’t startled when Kakarot and Bulma arrived beside him. He’d been expecting it. He was just glad that Kakarot had kept his promise about not teleporting to him whenever his chi felt ‘loose and floaty’. Vegeta was sure his energy must have felt that way a couple minutes ago when he’d still been relieving himself.

Kakarot had learned his lesson about such things. There was no need to worry about it anymore.

But, Kakarot was apologizing to Bulma a bunch of times for some reason. How the Hell had he managed to annoy her so much so quickly?!

“Just DON’T do it again,” Bulma said.

“I won’t! I won’t!” Kakarot said. “I swear!”

“What did he do?!” Vegeta demanded, already glaring at Kakarot.

Bulma sighed, “Nothing. Just forget about it, oka—“

“I accidentally teleported to her while she was pulling her pants up!” Kakarot said. “And I’m REALLY, REALLY sorr—“

“KAKAROT!” Vegeta yelled.

“I—“

“YOU. ME. GRAVITY ROOM. NOW.”

“Vegeta, you’re EXHAUSTED,” Bulma pointed out. “No sparring toda—“ She didn’t even have time to finish before the two of them were rushing off, Vegeta shouting the whole way.

Bulma groaned.

She decided that from now on, whenever possible, if they all had to travel somewhere together, she’d just let Goku teleport them.

*040*2024-04-20 18:00

{{On 4/14/2024 at 6:14 AM, EAhater said:

Do you plan on making another one?

}}

Yes, there are a bunch more chapters planned 🙂

*041*2024-05-06 04:34

Vegeta had another brutal dream that night. He didn’t know why, but often after he’d had ONE nightmare, it would lead to a whole series of them, to the point that he would begin to dread falling asleep because he would know what was coming the instant he did. So, after he’d gone to bed that night, he awoke yet again on the uncomfortable, threadbare mattress in that stupid cell on Frieza’s stupid ship. The stupid collar was latched around his neck again too, of course. And he, stupidly, felt the weight of it, even though he knew he was once again locked inside of a dream.

Not expecting it to work, Vegeta did at least try to pull forth his energy and shock his body awake. That was supposed to work, and usually it WOULD. Just, not if his dream contained any real memories of Frieza. If he dreamed of himself beating Frieza to death, he could force himself awake. If his traitorous brain decided to replay some of Frieza’s greatest hits for him, then he would be trapped.

He was trapped now.

He got out of the bed, wondering what Hell his mind was going to force him to relive tonight. He continued trying to get himself to wake up, but to no avail. So, instead, he just did his best not to allow any fear to seep into him. He knew this was fake, so feeling terror would be even more pathetic.

It was there anyway.

And it built up further when Frieza arrived. Just like he’d done the previous night, Vegeta focused on the chi he COULD feel, on how Bulma was right beside him— Not Frieza. It was with some trepidation that he did this, though. Apparently, this sort of thing could cause his sleeping body to latch on to whoever was next to him— Really tightly, considering Kakarot hadn’t been able to break free from his grasp.

It would be less humiliating to cuddl— HOLD ON to Bulma than it was to do that to Kakarot, but Kakarot could withstand Vegeta clutching him like that. Bulma could be hurt if she was locked into the vice-grip of a Saiyan. Vegeta obviously didn’t have control over what his body did when he was asleep. If he DID, he certainly wouldn’t have ever, ugh, ‘attached himself’ to Kakarot…

He hoped he didn’t repeat that behavior now, with someone who couldn’t endure his strength.

The Dream-Frieza was smirking at him, and a shudder went down his spine. “You’re not fucking real,” Vegeta told him, trying to stand up straighter. He was NOT going to be intimidated by a figment of his imagination.

“I’m not?” Frieza asked, grinning. “Well, let’s see about that…”

***

Vegeta woke that morning, covered in sweat and tangled in the bedsheets. Despite feeling clammy all over, the presence of moisture between his legs immediately made him panic, which meant the incredibly urgent throb that ricocheted through his bladder a moment later actually brought with it a sense of relief. He definitely hadn’t urinated at all during the night.

And, Bulma wasn’t in the bed with him, which meant he must not have grabbed her. Not even during the very worst moment of his dream, in which he’d relived one of the most grotesque, agonizing things Frieza had ever done to him; Slowly and methodically breaking each vertebrae in his tail. Again, he’d felt the phantom pains there, his now-nonexistent tail exploding with immense amounts of hurt. It baffled him that something in a dream could feel so real— Particularly when it happened to a body part he no longer possessed.

Thankfully, the confusing sensation was gone. He no longer felt anything in his ‘tail’, apart from the usual tingling around where the base of it used to be, which always appeared whenever he thought about it for too long.

He did still feel a terrible amount of pressure in his abdomen, though. He had to relieve his bladder before he did anything else. He went over to the restroom door and groaned when he saw the light shining from beneath it, realizing that the sound of running water hadn’t just been an imaginary thing brought on by his urge to go.

He stood by the door, clasping his hands behind his back as he tensed his thighs. Even if no one was around to see him, he didn’t want to risk having his hands go between his legs. He didn’t NEED to do that, anyway. The only reason he was even entertaining the thought was because he was still so groggy, a bit less in control.

A few minutes passed, and Vegeta stepped lightly in place. This was so irritating… Why couldn’t the woman take her morning showers in a DIFFERENT bathroom? She could easily wash herself in ANY of them, Vegeta could only pee in THIS one, and she KNEW perfectly well that he’d need to do that upon waking up.

Of course, just like he did EVERY morning that Bulma got up first, Vegeta was aware that he could just knock on the door and ask her to hurry it up. He knew she WOULD, since he’d only speak up like that if it was an emergency. But, that was the thing, this WASN’T an emergency, and he didn’t want her to THINK otherwise.

This wasn’t an emergency. Vegeta just had to pee really, really bad, could barely keep himself still, was being driven to the brink of insanity by the sound of running water, and was once again wishing that he had the nerve to let it flow into Bulma’s decorative vase. None of that meant he was having an emergency. He was fine. He could wait.

‘It only feels urgent because you’re still tired,’ Vegeta told himself. ‘You’ve slept like shit the last couple nights. Your muscles haven’t woken up yet. That’s all. You can endure this.’

But, Bulma was taking far longer in the shower than she usually did, and— Oh, fuck— Vegeta could not tolerate the sound of all that water spraying out. The splashing, the hissing… He crossed his legs and bounced slightly. Why did he have to be so easily manipulated by a damned noise? Just imagine if he had to fight someone and they discovered they could obliterate his ability to concentrate simply by finding a decent battleground with a waterfall…

Hesitantly, he made himself knock. “Woman!” He snapped. “How long do you intend to stay in there?!”

“A while, Vegeta…” Bulma said, grunting a bit. “I need more warm water on my back.”

The statement was a bit confusing, but Vegeta didn’t have the patience to dwell on it. “Well, I need— Uh— I WANT to… Y—You know! I just woke up, and I’m a little—“

“I know, Vegeta…” Bulma’s voice was strained. “Just five more minutes, okay? Can you—“

“O—Of course I can!” Vegeta insisted, then he forced his legs apart for emphasis, even though he knew Bulma couldn’t see them. His bladder protested with a few sharper twinges. “Five minutes is— Is nothing for me!” He then immediately turned to watch the clock, lifting himself onto the tips of his toes as he leaned anxiously from side to side. He could handle five more minutes. His middle felt really stretched out and agitated, but he’d endured so much worse before. His back wasn’t hurting, that meant he wasn’t truly desperate. He was just super uncomfortable.

And… And this was DELAYING him, yeah. That was it. That was why he felt so frantic. This was going to force him to start training several minutes later than he would have preferred. That was the only reason he was so eager for the clock to change. He wasn’t bursting. Not at all.

A surging cramp forced him to cross his legs back together again, and they remained knotted like that until Bulma finally opened the door, prompting him to blush as he hurried to untie them.

Vegeta kept a careful eye on the movement of his own feet as he entered the restroom. He did not want to just run in, he’d appear way too needy. And he definitely wasn’t needy! He shut the door, his hand hesitating over the lock. ‘It’s just Bulma. You don’t need it,’ he told himself, choosing to ignore it.

Outside, Bulma smiled when she didn’t hear the lock being turned. He was loosening up, however slightly. But, he definitely still had a long way to go before he learned how to relax and stay calm. Her aching back could attest to that. ‘We’re going to need to have a talk after you’re finished in there, Vegeta,’ she almost called out to him. She stopped herself just in time; Speaking to Vegeta was a surefire way to prevent him from urinating, especially if she said something that could make him worry.

It took a while before she head him start to pee, a bit longer than it typically took him in the morning. But, she sort of had a feeling that she knew what had caused the delay. Vegeta had obviously been having a difficult time last night. He’d woken her up multiple times. First just by whimpering, and she’d tried nudging him awake, thinking that his choice to always drink so much before bed was causing a problem once more. But, he hadn’t woken up no matter how hard she’d shoved him.

She’d fallen back asleep, only to be jarred awake again when Vegeta started to thrash. That was a normal occurrence, since he usually dreamed of fighting, but he’d still been whimpering, his expression pinched. So, she had to assume that he was having a nightmare. Just as before, she’d tried to shake him awake to no avail.

The FINAL time he’d woken her up, it was by latching onto her. And not in the gentle (for him) way that he sometimes did in his sleep. No, he had his arms wrapped around her so tight that she could hardly breathe, and he kept squeezing her against himself hard enough to make her spine pop. She’d tried harder than ever to wake him up then, but that was impossible considering that she could barely move to start with. She’d even tried just shouting at him to rouse him, and that failed as well.

The knowledge that Vegeta was clinging to her like that because he was scared was almost as painful to her as the stabbing feelings in her back. What could he have been dreaming about that was so frightening?

He did, at last, let go of her eventually, but she was STILL sore. She couldn’t even stand up all the way without her back protesting, forcing her to hunch slightly. This wasn’t something that she wanted experience a second time.

Vegeta came back out of the restroom after several minutes, looking… As relaxed as it was possible for him to look. Which was to say he was still visibly tense, but he could at least keep his legs uncrossed and his shaking had died off. No wonder he had such awful nightmares, they were probably stress induced.

Vegeta started for the bedroom doorway, and Bulma stopped him. It was time for Vegeta to rest. “Hold on,” Bulma said. “We need to talk about last night.”

Vegeta straightened up, pasting on a confused expression. Oh, come on, had that dream caused him to make some humiliating, frightened noises? “What about it?”

“How often do you have bad dreams like that?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Bulma. I’m not a child, a dream can’t scare me.”

Bulma sighed, she’d known this wouldn’t be easy. “I’m not saying you are. But, last night you grabbed me so tight it’s a wonder you didn’t snap my back in half.”

Vegeta felt all the blood drain from his face, coldly moving through his chest and down towards his toes. “I… I did?”

“Yes,” Bulma said.

“I didn’t intend to do that,” Vegeta said. “Sometimes, my body does as it pleases when I’m asle—“

“I know that,” Bulma interrupted. “And, I’m more worried about you than I am angry at you.”

“What’s there to worry abou—“

“You were also whimpering, shaking and sweating,” Bulma explained. “Whatever you were dreaming about seemed to be really… Upsetting for you.” She tried to avoid using any words related to fear. Vegeta would never admit anything had terrified him, especially something imaginary. “How often does that happen? I know this isn’t the first time, I’ve seen you trembling in your sleep before.”

“Not often,” Vegeta insisted. “I just… Go through spells…”

“Spells…? What do you mean?”

“Once I have one… Uh… Unpleasant dream, I’ll typically have several more in the nights that follow. Usually it will stop once I keep myself awake for a couple days, then I’ll be so tired that I won’t have any dreams at all, and that seems to just reset it.”

Right. Of course he dealt with this in the worst way possible. There had been multiple nights over the years where Bulma had gone to bed while Vegeta had still been in his gravity room. She’d always assumed he’d come lay down himself in a couple hours, and when she’d find him training again the next morning, she’d just think he’d gotten an early start.

Now, she wasn’t so sure. It sounded much more likely that he hadn’t gone to bed at ALL those nights, intending to exhaust himself until he passed out into a dreamless sleep.

She wasn’t going to let him do that to himself this time. “Do you mind telling me what happens in these dreams?”

Vegeta folded his arms, refusing to meet her eyes. He’d told Kakarot… “They are memories of my time with Frieza, I won’t elaborate further than that.”

Bulma didn’t need him to. “I see… Are you aware that you’re dreaming?”

“I am,” Vegeta nodded. “I always know that I’m not supposed to be there. I just can’t wake myself up. The most irritating part is that I can still FEEL everything. The physical sensations all come back.”

“And, every time you start having nightmares, you just force yourself to stay awake?”

“It’s the only thing that works. And you don’t want me… Accidentally grabbing you like that again, do you?”

“I don’t,” Bulma agreed. “But, surely there’s a better way to deal with this than—“

“It’s what works,” Vegeta said. “I’m handling it.”

‘You’re not, though…’ Bulma thought. “I wouldn’t be surprised if your nightmares are connected to feeling stressed.”

Vegeta scoffed. “I’m not stressed.”

“When’s the last time you took a day off from training?”

“I JUST went on that trip with you and Kakarot, I couldn’t train at all then!”

“You and Goku immediately went off to fight each other as soon as we got back,” Bulma pointed out. “And, you spent the entirety of that trip feeling, uh, pretty ‘tense’. You definitely didn’t get any relaxation in. That DOESN’T count as a break.”

“I don’t need a break.”

“You do,” Bulma said. “You need to relax, do something that calms you down.”

“Training DOES calm me down!”

“AND something that doesn’t put any strain on your body,” Bulma qualified. “You could pick up a hobby.”

“My hobby is training.”

“ANOTHER hobby, then. Goku has several. He likes fishing and exploring—“

“Fishing?” Vegeta repeated. “You think I have the patience for THAT?”

“It’s meant to be slow and calming,” Bulma said. “Listen, Vegeta. I don’t want you to spend all day training, I want you to relax, and see if that helps you with your nightmares at all.”

Vegeta looked at her, perplexed. As if she’d just handed him a Rubik’s cube with only two sides and ordered him to solve it. “I— How do I even—“

“I’m gonna go talk to Goku, I have some ideas of what the two of you can do today.”

This was such bullshit… Yeah, maybe Vegeta had discovered that Kakarot had a small soothing effect on him, but he didn’t think the fool would be able to get him to truly… ‘relax’. Not enough to kill his nightmares— IF relaxation was even a suitable cure for those. He’d much prefer to just spend all night in his gravity chamber, using up all of his energy until he at last lost consciousness. At least he KNEW that worked, and it didn’t require any outside help. It was something he could do entirely on his own.

Of course, Bulma wouldn’t understand that. She’d say some nonsense about how it was illogical, and that Vegeta shouldn’t WANT to subject himself to sleep deprivation torture when he could at least give other options a TRY. So, an irritating day of Kakarot trying to make him ‘relax’ was just inevitable.

He sat down on the bed as Bulma went out in the hall. Vegeta tried to listen out to Bulma’s phone conversation with Kakarot. It sounded like Kakarot was a bit busy now, which gave Vegeta SOME hope that he’d get to handle this his OWN way. But, Bulma returned and said Kakarot should be by in two hours or so. “So, if you WANT to train a tiny bit today, you can.”

That improved his mood somewhat, and he hurried to the gravity chamber, determined to spend as much time there as he could get away with.

After two hours had passed, Kakarot still hadn’t shown up. Vegeta was not surprised, Kakarot had never been on time to anything in his life. A fact which he supposed was quite ridiculous considering the idiot knew how to teleport. Not that he was complaining.

His bladder was complaining, though. Not much, just very slightly. Since he knew Bulma was already concerned about him today, he’d been taking water breaks the whole time he’d been in here. Let her see that he WAS actually trying to take care of himself.

But, the consequence was that he DID need to go to the restroom now. It was far from urgent, but enough to distract him. Enough to make him wonder if he ought to relieve himself now. ‘No, don’t waste any of your time,’ he told himself. Besides, Kakarot should be here soon. What if the idiot decided to finally appear while Vegeta was going? He’d promised he’d do his best to avoid that, but Vegeta was still a little on edge after the last time.

He’d hold on until Kakarot was here. That wouldn’t be too difficult. He reminded himself that the pressure in his bladder likely felt worse than it actually was because the gravity machine was turned on. Of course the liquid in him was heavier.

Kakarot appeared in front of him a few minutes later. “Hey, Vegeta!” He greeted happily. “I—Woah!” Kakarot dropped to his knees. “Ooof!”

Vegeta covered his mouth as laughter escaped him— Laughter that had his bladder throbbing. “Hahaha, what’s the matter Kakarot? Can you not handle a little extra weight?”

Kakarot grunted and got back to his feet again. “No! It just surprised me is all! I wasn’t expecting that! I didn’t think you were in here!”

“Where else would I be?” Vegeta asked. He went over to the controls and switched the machine off. Immediately, he felt so much lighter and the pressure lifted off his bladder as well. He’d KNOWN it wasn’t such a big deal! “What do you want?” Time to find out exactly how painful this was going to be.

“Bulma says she wants me to teach you how to fish today,” Kakarot said. “And, after that, she wants me to do this thing to you that’s supposed to make you feel better.”

Vegeta quirked a brow. “What ‘thing’, Kakarot?”

“Um… I forgot what she called it,” Kakarot shrugged. “But, we’re gonna go fishing first, so just be patient.”

Vegeta really wasn’t sure how he felt about Kakarot ‘doing a thing to him’, particularly when he had no idea what it even WAS.

Kakarot reached for Vegeta, then pulled his hand back. “Oh, hold on. You are… ‘ready’ to leave, right?”

Dammit… Stupid Kakarot… Checking on him…

WAS Vegeta ready? He knew his bladder wasn’t empty, but with the gravity machine switched off, he didn’t feel much need to go. It was barely there. And, usually, if he tried to go when he had so little in his bladder, he would be unsuccessful. Especially if someone was waiting on him.

‘YOU do NOT leave the house without pissing first,’ Vegeta mentally scolded himself. ‘You already know how that turns out!’

But, at the same time… He was going to be with Kakarot, if it DID start to get bad, he’d have an easy way out. There was no reason to be concerned. No reason for him to go and try to squeeze out whatever tiny puddle existed in his bladder at the moment.

“Yes, Kakarot. Let’s get this over with.”

Kakarot nodded, and a second later they had appeared in Gohan’s room. Gohan wasn’t phased at all by the spontaneous entrance, and Vegeta wondered how he had gotten used to it so quickly. Kakarot’s teleportation could STILL make HIM jump sometimes.

“Hey guys,” Gohan said. “Gonna do some training?”

“Not today,” Kakarot smiled. “Vegeta and me are actually gonna go fishing. You wanna come?”

“Oh, sure!” Gohan said. “Is the fishing stuff still in Grandpa’s old place?”

“It is,” Kakarot nodded.

And, Vegeta felt even FURTHER from ‘relaxation’ than he had just moments before. He knew the place Gohan was talking about, the small hut near Kakarot’s home. He’d only been inside of it once, and no one knew about that. Kakarot was not even ALLOWED to know about that.

The three left and headed towards the hut. Once there, Vegeta needed to pretend that he was seeing this place for the first time in his life. He had to pretend that he was surprised Kakarot had grown up in such a tiny, little hut— That such a small space could house a young Saiyan. He had to pretend that he didn’t recognize all of the dusty items inside, that he’d never touched any of them.

If Kakarot was able to tell that Vegeta had been here before then, he felt certain, he would somehow know what Vegeta had DONE here.

It had been years since Vegeta had last been inside this place, but little about it had changed. Not much of it had been disturbed. It still only contained a very small table, a vase, and a thin red curtain. Behind that curtain, Vegeta knew, was a worn, threadbare bed. A worn, threadbare bed where he’d once…

Where he’d once lost control of himself in one of the worst possible ways.

It had been two months after the Cell Games, and Vegeta had just… Not been feeling ‘right’. He hadn’t for a very long time. He’d initially thought he was sick. His stomach ached all the time, the inside of his chest felt like it was crumbling. And, where he normally had a seemingly endless well of energy, he was suddenly tired all of the time.

Not even a normal kind of tired, either. He wasn’t groggy, like he got when he didn’t get enough sleep. He wasn’t exhausted, like he got when he trained for too long. It was just like all of his energy had disappeared, and nothing was there to replace it. It was an unfamiliar, hollow feeling, and it confused him.

He wanted to train every day, just like he’d done before, but suddenly he was having a very difficult time doing that. Before the Cell Game, he’d get right out of bed as soon as he was awake, and he’d be in the gravity room just half an hour later. But, after…

After, the mere act of pulling himself out of the bed was a challenge. He’d wake up, realize he still felt ‘wrong’, and want to just roll over and go BACK to sleep, just so that the feeling would go away. He’d WANT to train, but instead he’d just lay there and THINK about doing it, feeling more pathetic and frustrated with himself as he just COULDN’T manage to get up.

He couldn’t understand it. His legs weren’t broken— Nothing of his was broken. There was no reason that standing up and starting his day should have been so hard.

Bulma would LET him keep laying there too, which was also weird. She didn’t call him lazy or tease him, or yell at him to help her with baby Trunks, or… Anything. She didn’t demand to know why he was suddenly struggling to do things he loved, why the gravity chamber was barely being used anymore. She just allowed him to stay in bed, doing nothing. He almost wished she WOULD shout at him to get up.

Some mornings, he laid there motionless for a couple hours after waking. He’d only finally get himself up when his bladder got too irritating. In those initial months after the Cell Games, his Problem had once again been at its worst. Even when he knew he was totally alone and no one had any idea he was trying to pee, it would take ages for him to let go. He couldn’t understand that, either. It was like everything about his body was becoming more sluggish, more disobedient, and weaker.

Then there was the way the backs of his eyes would be overwhelmed by a scalding, burning sensation at random points throughout the day. The other confusing aches he’d been dealing with would be more prominent whenever that happened, too.

Vegeta thought he must have been terribly sick, and he didn’t understand why Bulma wasn’t bringing that up to him. In the past, when he’d been sick, she’d fussed over him needlessly. But, not this time. Not now, when Vegeta thought whatever ailment he had was actually going to kill him. It had to be lethal, right? It was so bad that he could barely get through each day, and it was going on for so long with no end in sight. His symptoms kept getting WORSE, not better.

But, Bulma wasn’t taking his temperature, she wasn’t forcing him to swallow disgusting tasting medicine, she wasn’t trying to convince him to see a medical professional. No, instead she was just leaving him to his own devices, letting him lay around as the empty feeling inside of him somehow manifested into the heaviest thing he’d ever carried.

When she talked to him, for some reason she’d always bring up Kakarot. She’d keep telling Vegeta about how Kakarot had described Other World, and what Kakarot must have been doing there, as if Vegeta could be bothered to CARE about that when his body was clearly falling apart on him for no reason.

It was the pain in his chest that concerned him the most, and eventually made him break down and TELL Bulma that he seemed to be terminally ill. “Do we still have any of that medicine, woman?” He demanded one day. “That idiot must have given me his stupid heart virus. I’ve felt like total shit for two damned months now.”

Bulma just stared at him silently, and he didn’t know how to feel about that. He’d thought that, upon telling her that he was suffering from a fatal disease— One that had been enough to kill Kakarot in another timeline— she would start to freak out. He’d thought that she would be beside him right away, giving him annoying hugs and feeling his forehead, whispering panicked promises that he was going to be okay.

He would have shaken her off of him and yelled at her to cut it out, thoroughly irritated by it all, But after she’d taken care of him so many times, it felt like something was wrong when she didn’t fly into action this time.

“Oh…” Bulma said after a moment. “You… Uh… You think that’s what’s been bothering you?”

“It’s the only thing I can think of!” Vegeta said. “Everything hurts and I can’t do anything— That’s pretty much what happened to HIM, isn’t it?”

“Um…” Bulma trailed off. “Vegeta… Er, I’m not so sure if—“

“Do we have any more of the medicine?!” Vegeta demanded. “If a fucking VIRUS ends up being the thing to kill me, I am NOT going to be happy.”

Bulma kept staring back at him. Then, she got an odd look in her eyes, and nodded; “Yes, Vegeta. I think so. If there’s any left over, it would be in that little hut near Goku’s house. You know what I’m talking about, right?”

Vegeta could remember seeing that hut a few times. He knew where it was. “Yes,” he said.

“Do you think you can fly there and check for yourself?”

This confused Vegeta. He was SICK. Normally, Bulma didn’t even let him out in the yard when he was sick…

But, Vegeta realized he hadn’t left the house at ALL in the last two months. He’d never been indoors for such an extended period of time before… Maybe going outside would make him feel a little better?

Vegeta was surprised that he was able to fly, considering that he knew the virus must have been eating away inside of him. Flight was still manageable. It was still as easy as walking. The only difference now was that the feeling of the wind on his body felt strange and foreign, since he hadn’t experienced it in so long.

He found the hut Bulma had mentioned, and he stepped inside of it, and—

It smelled like Kakarot. Some of Kakarot’s old clothing was inside, as the small building was apparently now being used for storage. Would it have killed Chi-Chi to wash it all first, so that Kakarot’s scent would be out of it? Or, maybe she had, and the Saiyan sense of smell was just too strong.

Vegeta felt worse now. All of his symptoms were becoming more overwhelming by the second. He felt so heavy. His stomach was in knots and he thought he was going to throw up, but then he remembered he hadn’t been able to eat much the last few days, his appetite disappearing the sicker he got. His chest somehow felt both hollow and congested at once. And, his eyes… Oh, his eyes were burning so bad.

Must… Must have been all the dust in here, it was irritating his eyes, making him… Making him…

His body was stupidly trying to find Kakarot’s chi, something primal inside of him was insisting that Kakarot HAD to be here. But, Kakarot wasn’t here. Kakarot wasn’t fucking HERE, and he wasn’t going to come back, and Vegeta was never going to fight him, or argue with him, or yell at him, or… Or, ANYTHING ever again.

Burning… Stinging… Empty… He was going to throw up what little food he’d been able to force down. He could feel it, something was building up in the back of his throat. He leaned down and opened his mouth, but what came out wasn’t a stream of vomit, it was a strangled, agonized, choking, breathy noise that he didn’t think he’d ever made before.

And then he was crying.

He was sobbing, really. He was bawling his fucking eyes out because he just… He MISSED Kakarot.

He missed Kakarot.

He really, really missed Kakarot.

But, he SHOULDN’T have! He shouldn’t have missed that moron! He should have been GLAD the fool was dead! He should have been GLAD that Kakarot couldn’t annoy him anymore. He should have been GLAD that, with the idiot out of the picture and Gohan no longer fighting, HE was now the strongest.

He wasn’t, though. He was the strongest, and that meant NOTHING to him. He missed Kakarot, and he couldn’t stop crying, even as he begged and pleaded with himself to. ‘A warrior does NOT cry,’ he scolded himself. ‘YOU don’t cry. Especially not over THAT clown.’

He tore back the curtain beside him, seeing a bed hidden behind it. He collapsed onto the bed and faced the wall, unable to make the tears stop. ‘Cut it OUT,’ he thought. ‘What the fuck is the MATTER with you?!’ He hadn’t cried over the death of his parents or the loss of his planet, he’d reacted to that with rage, destroying everything around him, like he was SUPPOSED to. And back then he’d been a five year old! If he didn’t sob and moan as a literal child, then it was utterly RIDICULOUS that he’d do it now as an adult.

What he SHOULD do, if he had to feel ANYTHING over Kakarot’s death, was stomp outside and blow something to bits. He should just blast everything he saw until he wore himself out and was too tired to feel anymore.

He didn’t want to. He didn’t want to yell and scream and destroy. He didn’t want to get out of this bed.

He wanted to… He wanted to cry. He actually WANTED to fucking cry, because for some reason it actually felt GOOD to do so, as confusing as that was. Crying had NEVER felt good to him before, but this time it was the only thing that had made him feel CLOSE to okay in months.

So, he’d just laid there, letting it happen, because no one was around to see it. No one had to know that this had happened. The hut couldn’t tell anyone. This could be his secret; That he, Vegeta, had missed Kakarot so badly that it had caused him to cry even harder than baby Trunks did.

He eventually ran out of tears, but he didn’t get up right away. He was surprised that a lot of his symptoms seemed to be gone. His chest and stomach no longer ached, his eyes didn’t burn. He even felt less of that confusingly heavy emptiness.

Maybe he hadn’t caught the heart virus after all?

He didn’t budge until he heard a voice. “Huh, how’d the door get open…?”

Kakarot’s little spawn…

Vegeta quickly got out of the bed. “I was just… Looking for something in here. C—Couldn’t find it, so I’ll be leaving.”

Gohan looked up at him. “Vegeta? Why’s your face all red?”

“It’s not. Get out of my way.”

Gohan started to, but paused. “Um… You really miss my dad, don’t you?”

“Sh—Shut up. Of course I don’t,” Vegeta snapped, stomping past him.

After that, Vegeta stopped feeling so sick all the time. Waking up wasn’t such an insurmountable ordeal. He could train again. Every so often, whatever illness that had inflicted him for those two months would start to take hold once more, but he never completely collapsed on himself like that again.

More recently, it had stopped completely.

Now, Vegeta stood in the hut with Kakarot and Gohan, wary that there was some invisible ‘sign’ nearby that would tell them all about how Vegeta had cried in here. Vegeta swore he could still smell his own tears.

“It’s so cramped in here!” Vegeta complained when he realized that he had stepped closer to Kakarot for some inexplicable reason. “How did you not go insane growing up in a place like this?!”

“I DID spend most of my time outside,” Kakarot reminded. “I mostly only came in here to sleep or get out of the rain.”

Gohan pulled back the curtain, hiding the bed on which Vegeta had… Lost it. Now, instead of being empty, some fishing rods were laying on it, along with a container. Gohan grabbed it all, oblivious to how antsy the sight of that bed was making Vegeta feel.

Speaking of feeling antsy, Vegeta’s bladder was making itself known to him again. A dull, aching thrum was now ricocheting against its walls, no longer quite as easy to ignore. And, it was then that Vegeta realized he was actually in a bit of trouble, and his decision to let Kakarot bring him here without using the restroom first had been a little too hasty.

Yes, he was still with Kakarot. And, yes, Kakarot could assist him if the urge turned into a solid need outside of his control. But, to get Kakarot’s help, Vegeta would have to say something to him, and when he’d made the choice to leave the house without urinating, he’d been under the impression that he and Kakarot would be spending the day alone, meaning it would be easy for Vegeta to request what he needed.

He had not expected Kakarot’s son to tag along. He still had not informed Gohan of his Problem, and he would prefer to keep him from finding out. He would get curious if Vegeta suddenly had Kakarot take him home, or if Kakarot accompanied him into the woods. And, since Gohan had received all of the brain cells Kakarot had somehow been born without, Vegeta feared that if he thought about it for long enough, he’d be able to figure out what was troubling him all on his own.

Vegeta was going to have to be extra careful today. That unfortunately meant that he couldn’t ask Kakarot for help like he’d been planning on, and he also had to keep himself from squirming, should it come to that. He could not allow Gohan to wonder about him. He tensed his thighs and followed the others back out of the hut.

“I hope you enjoy this,” Kakarot said to him. “It IS really relaxing, I promise.”

Right, the goal today was for Vegeta to relax. And instead, he was stressing out over his building urge to pee, and trying to make a plan for how he was going to hide it. He wasn’t off to the best start.

But, he still didn’t even have to go that much. Certainly not enough that he needed to squirm around, and he knew he would make it much worse for himself if he continued to think about it. His urge would worsen so much faster if he remained focused on it. He needed to let it fade into the background, then he’d hardly feel it anymore.

When they reached the area of the lake where Kakarot usually fished, Vegeta was provided with a distraction from his bladder. Gohan set down the rods and the container, and now Vegeta could see what was inside of it; a whole bunch of writhing worms. Revolting. Why did they have to constantly move like that? Twisting and coiling and… Ugh… Why the Hell did Kakarot keep a container of those things around? What purpose did they serve?

They reminded him of something from his recurring nightmares; the thick, long appendage that Frieza had loved to wrap around his neck and strangle him with. Frieza’s tail was an enormous worm, it had even had a slimy film coating it. Vegeta could so clearly remember what it had felt like to be whipped by that thing. It had stung, and Frieza always hit the same spot repeatedly, waiting until the pain seemed to be dying down just so he could strike there again.

Those worms were the same shade of pink, perfectly matching the appearance of Frieza’s tail in his first form.

Vegeta could hardly stand to look at them, and an embarrassing shudder went up his back as he turned away. The shaking rocked his bladder, and his thighs went tense for a moment. He sat down at the edge of the lake, thinking that might help, but it only compressed his midsection and worsened the spasms.

Kakarot sat beside him, grabbing the container of worms. Vegeta tried his best not to react. One of them poked out from the top of the container, it moved slightly, curling itself, then flicking.

Frieza’s tail had lashed at him just like that during his dream last night.

‘It’s not the same thing, knock this off,’ Vegeta thought. ‘It’s just a disgusting, little creature.’

Gohan was beside Kakarot now, and he noticed the slight, flinching grimace on Vegeta’s face. He wasn’t sure what that was about. Sure, worms were kind of gross looking, but considering how Vegeta used to enjoy running around covered in blood it was a weird thing for him to be so squeamish over.

“Okay,” Kakarot said. “Have you ever fished before?”

“Not very many times,” Vegeta said. “And, I’ve only ever done it with my tail.” As he explained this, he again felt that phantom sensation where his tail was SUPPOSED to be, recalling how it had felt any time it had gotten wet, the way the fur would stick together.

“Really?” Kakarot grinned. “I used to do that, too! It was so fun, right?”

Vegeta shrugged. “Not really.”

Kakarot sighed. “Oh, c’mon, Vegeta!” He chided. “Wasn’t it at least a little—“

“It was just something I had to do,” Vegeta said. “Frieza would still send me out on missions when I was starving, so if I found a spot with fish, I’d have to do what I could to feed myself.”

“Oh, yeah, okay. I can’t fight when I’m hungry, either.”

It was Vegeta’s turn to sigh. Kakarot didn’t seem to get it… Did he even WANT Kakarot to get it, though? All of these things were so prominent in his mind today, as they usually were whenever his nightmares reappeared. Now that he thought about it, cloying hunger was a frequent feature in his dreams— Regardless of how much he’d actually eaten before going to sleep.

“What’s the matter?” Kakarot asked.

Vegeta groaned. Why did a part of him actually want to say this? It was none of Kakarot’s concern, and it was over with now. It didn’t matter. It shouldn’t have mattered. “When I say I was ‘starving’, I dont mean I was a little hungry, or that I’d missed a meal. I mean that I was starving.”

“Huh?”

“Frieza withheld food as a punishment,” Vegeta said, bluntly. Like it was no big deal. “For long stretches of time.”

“How lo—“

“Several days, sometimes a week.”

“A—And he’d make you go out and fight anyway?!” Kakarot sounded needlessly upset about this. Vegeta wasn’t even that upset— Not really. It was in the past. All of it was. That was why the nightmares pissed him off so much— They should have stopped once Frieza was dead.

Gohan was looking at him with concern as well. “Are you alright? Malnourishment can cause some lasting probl—“

“It caused nothing,” Vegeta insisted. His chest twinged with irritation, and he had the sudden urge to sit up straighter, to add to his height as much as he could. His bladder protested the stretching in his torso, reminding him that it was still filling up, the sound of the lake was not helping him at all. “What are you implying?”

Gohan started to say “Nothing!” At the same instant his father decided to ask; “Oh, Vegeta, is that why you’re so much shorter than me? ‘Cause you didn’t get enough to eat?”

“Dad…” Gohan groaned.

“O—Of course not! And I’m n—not THAT short. And anyway, it doesn’t even matter. Height is meaningless when you can fly.”

Goku winced. He was supposed to be helping Vegeta relax, and thus far he’d only reminded him of an unpleasant time in his life and pissed him off. “Well… Um… Fishing should be more fun for you now, Vegeta. I promise. Do you know how to use a fishing pole?”

“I was just about to ask you what the point of those is,” Vegeta said. “Would it not be simpler to just chi blast the lake a few times and see what floats to the surface?”

“Uh… Well, that wouldn’t be as relaxing,” Goku said. “Remember? We’re trying to stay nice and calm today.”

“How do you even catch a fish with those things?”

“With bait,” Goku shrugged.

“Bait…”

“Yeah, you know,” Goku held up the container of worms again. “Bait.”

Vegeta looked down into the container of… Of… squirming, wriggly, plump little… Frieza-tail-looking… Ugggh… Didn’t fish eat anything else?

“You want me to show you how to—“ Kakarot stopped. “O—Oh, um… I can do it for you, if you want…”

“You’d better!” Vegeta said. “The worms are too afraid of me, they’d never let me pick them up! Look at them, they’re shaking!”

Goku simply nodded. “Um… Yeah… That’s gotta be it.”

Gohan watched this exchange curiously. The worms weren’t writhing any more than they usually did, but Vegeta was trembling a lot himself. Was he actually scared of a few worms? Gohan almost laughed at the idea, and barely managed to contain it. Vegeta was already in a volatile mood (as Gohan probably should have expected), it would be a bad idea to upset him any further.

Even after Goku had stabbed the worm to the hook, Vegeta still seemed to be shaking, his position shifting a few times, as it didn’t look like he could find a comfortable way to sit down. Now, in addition to being creeped out by the worms, Vegeta also looked like he kind of had to…

Yeah, he probably did, if Gohan’s theory about him having Paruresis was true. And, the lake wasn’t still, the water was making noise. Gohan had seen Vegeta get VERY obviously anxious whenever the sound of running water was present. After discovering that Vegeta likely had difficulty relieving himself, his behavior around water had begun to fascinate Gohan in a weird sort of way.

That noise sometimes bothered Gohan’s bladder as well, but only if he’d already been needing to pee quite badly to start out with. But, for Vegeta, that sound seemed to really flip some kind of a switch in him. Since he’d started to pay attention, he’d noticed Vegeta rapidly start to lose his cool any time he could hear water. He’d go from barely moving at all to fidgeting around far faster than he typically would— Far faster than he would be comfortable with.

Indeed, Vegeta was being affected by the flowing water right in front of him. Since he refused to watch as Kakarot handled the worms, he instead was stuck looking at the lake, much too aware of how similar that noise was to what he wanted to do.

He just WANTED to, he reminded himself. He WANTED to be able to say; “Kakarot, you’d better take me home now. For… Reasons,” or “I’m going back behind those trees now, and if you let anyone near me, I’m gonna kill you.” He wanted to demand a bit of assistance from Kakarot, just to keep this from getting too much worse. But, he couldn’t.

Kakarot’s spawn would figure it out if he had enough clues; Vegeta couldn’t give him any— WOULDN’T give him any.

He realized he’d been shuffling his position around a little too often. It was time to go still, pretend he’d merely been working out a cramp. And, technically, that would be true. His bladder really was cramping with little surges of his building need. Moving around had calmed it down— That was what he was telling himself anyway.

“Okay,” Kakarot said. “The rods are ready to go.”

Vegeta was also ready to g— No. No he wasn’t. He was just fine. This was merely a minor irritation, if he tensed his thighs together that kept it mostly at bay.

Kakarot demonstrated how to cast out the line, “Just like this, Vegeta.”

“I knew that!” Vegeta snapped, casting his lure out into the water. It splashed, and his bladder shuddered, his knees rubbed. He really neede— WANTED to be at home right now.

He should just focus on… On this. He had to put all his attention towards the task at hand; Catching more fish than Kakarot. THAT was to become his only goal here. NOT anything involving his bladder. He just needed to outdo Kakarot, and if he only thought about that, his desire to urinate should stop feeling so bothersome.

A problem quickly arose, however. Much like ‘relaxation’, ‘patience’ was not a technique Vegeta had ever mastered. Just as he’d told Bulma that morning, he did NOT have the patience necessary for this activity. Add on a rapidly worsening need for the bathroom, and Vegeta’s usually short temper was wearing out rapidly. Every time he sensed a fish, he would pull back much too fast and scare it away.

Kakarot and Gohan, meanwhile, had managed to catch several.

‘Of course. One more thing he has to beat me at…’ Vegeta thought, agitated as Kakarot reeled in a fish that had to be the size of a small car.

The water splashed again as the fish flopped out of it, and once the creature was laying in the grass, Vegeta could see the moisture rolling down it in tiny trails. He adjusted himself so that he was sitting on top of one of his feet, trying to wriggle subtly against it, and hopeful that— if his actions WERE noticed— Gohan would assume he was trying to scratch at an embarrassing itch. Anything was better than him figuring out the truth.

Gohan looked from the enormous fish his dad had captured and over to Vegeta. The older Saiyan was clearly becoming more and more irritated as time wore on. Dad kept saying Vegeta was supposed to relax today, and it was blatantly obvious that he wasn’t. Gohan saw him press his foot against himself and knew what he was doing. Vegeta’s need must have been getting pretty bad.

What Gohan couldn’t figure out was why Vegeta was choosing to suffer. Gohan had been able to work out that his father knew about Vegeta’s issue, and was doing… Something to help manage it. He’d even SEEN Vegeta whisper to Dad before the two of them abruptly took off a few times, so it wasn’t that he was still too ashamed to tell Dad when he was having trouble.

He… Probably didn’t want to budge until he’d caught at least one fish, though. Gohan knew Vegeta well enough to be certain of that. He and Dad had caught a couple already, so Vegeta needed to do it too. He wouldn’t be upstaged, even if NONE of them had said anything about this being a contest. That had to be it, Vegeta was in competition-mode now, and he would force his bladder to wait until this was over.

Gohan thought that was quite ridiculous, considering how desperate Vegeta seemed to be, but telling Vegeta ‘You know, this would probably be a lot easier for you to concentrate on if you used the bathroom’ wouldn’t end well.

Vegeta leaned forwards and backwards against his foot, trying to lessen his need. The blaring throbs in his abdomen would certainly be SO much more manageable if everything around him wasn’t constantly reminding him of how full he was. The rushing water, the splashing, the liquid dripping off the fish once they were pulled out… All of it was a brutal torment to his bladder.

And, then he couldn’t think of anything else. There were trees right behind him, and if he just weren’t so… So much… Like himself… Then, he’d be dousing them with a flood of his own ‘water’ right now. And, the fish— Those lucky bastards! One fish couldn’t tell when another was pissing in the water— He doubted a fish was even aware of when its bladder was emptying! Fish could piss constantly, never needing to hold it, and—

Fuck, he was getting jealous of fish. And, THESE fish, specifically. THESE fish, most of which were probably going to be in Kakarot’s stomach by the end of the day. He should NOT envy anything edible that lived near Kakarot.

He DID have a bit of an idea now, though. Maybe there was a way he could believably fall in the water ‘accidentally’, and release himself that way. He tried not to gag at the thought, since he would TECHNICALLY be voiding into his clothes if he did that. And, it would be deliberate. But, the water would wash it away, no one would have any idea that he’d done such a thing.

No, no. That plan was idiotic. He didn’t know if he could fall into the water without it looking deliberate, and it would be even stranger if he just stayed in there for the several minutes it would take for his bladder to empty— Not even factoring in the time required for him to START going in the first place. Hell, there was only a slight chance that he’d even be capable of starting his stream. Gohan and Kakarot would both have their eyes on him, checking to make sure he was okay, it just—

It wouldn’t work. It was a stupid idea.

Vegeta just had to pee so badly that he couldn’t think of any better ones.

Yes, he COULD whisper to Kakarot, hope that the clown came up with an explanation for Gohan that wouldn’t reveal anything. But… What if it DID? And, what if Gohan found Vegeta’s situation interesting for some ridiculous reason? He didn’t want to be the subject of a research project!

He had to stop thinking about this. His knees and ankles were knocking and rubbing together now, he could feel his back and shoulders twitching. His middle felt like it was stretching, his skin burning from the pressure.

He needed to stop thinking about urinating… Had to focus on… On catching at least ONE damned fish while he was out here, on showing Kakarot he was capable of THAT much.

Goku had been watching Vegeta for a while now, observing him as he got more and more tetchy. For a bit, he’d thought his friend needed to pee, but he became much less certain of that as time wore on and he didn’t whisper any sort of ‘commands’ to him— Or even just grab Goku’s shoulder and give him a quick, pleading look.

Goku couldn’t think of any reason that Vegeta would try to deny his needs from him out here. It wasn’t like they were in a crowd, or somewhere more public. They were just by Goku’s house, and Vegeta had always been comfortable bringing it up here in the past, which made Goku intensely happy for some reason.

So, Goku knew Vegeta’s fidgeting must have been for some other reason. More likely, he was angered that he hadn’t caught anything yet. It was obvious why he hadn’t; Vegeta was STILL so tense, his twitching, shuddering and muttering were all scaring the fish off. He needed to calm down— That was the whole reason they were doing this to begin with!

“Vegeta?” Goku asked.

Vegeta jumped, seeming to snap out of something. “Y—Yes?” He demanded, his knee bouncing a little faster.

“Try and take some deep breaths, okay?” Goku suggested. “Your hands are shaking, you gotta keep ‘em steady.”

“I know that!” Vegeta snapped. “Sh—Shut up!” He tried to do as Kakarot said and inhale deeply. His eyes grew wide as the unbearable, wicked pressure in his bladder throbbed even more severely. His skin yanked itself taut over his surging middle. It hurt so much that he couldn’t bring himself to exhale, fearing how much pain THAT would bring. So, he held the breath for a moment, before feeling a strange ‘snap’ somewhere in his abdomen, followed by his opening burning— Just like it did right before he started to— He quickly released the breath in a gasp, tensing his thighs to prevent any leakage.

“Um… That was… How about you try breathing it out a little slower next time?” Kakarot said. “Like thi—“

“I don’t need you to teach me how to breathe, idiot!” Vegeta exclaimed. “I’ve been doing it on my own my whole life!”

“I know, but… Okay, hold on,” Kakarot said. “Listen, when I was a kid and learning how to fish without my tail, this guy taught me how to focus better on being calm and patient. This should work for you, too! Close your eyes!”

“How am I supposed to catch anything if I can’t even see what I’m—“

“Close your eyes,” Kakarot repeated.

Vegeta groaned, but did as Kakarot said.

“Okay, good. Now, the next thing he told me was… You have to remain perfectly still and concentrate on the sound of the running water, soon you will feel its rhythm. The water sets the pace for the fish. Once you can feel its rhythm, you will be one with the fish. Don’t rush it, relieve yourself of all—“

“Dammit, Kakarot!” Vegeta yelled. “You HAVE to be doing this on purpose!”

“… Doing WHAT on purpose?” Kakarot asked.

“N—Nothing, shut up,” Vegeta said. “I’m… Tired of this.”

“Oh, come on,” Kakarot said. “You haven’t even given it much of a chance yet. Just, breathe like I told you to.”

Vegeta was not going to do that again. It had sent his bladder into hysterics, and then he’d almost… He’d almost spilled, right there. With absolutely NO warning. He couldn’t risk it. He had to— He was going to— A small spark fizzed forth from one of his fingertips. He hadn’t felt THAT coming, either…

Kakarot noticed it, of course. He frowned. “Vegeta… This isn’t relaxing for you at ALL, is it?”

Vegeta shook his head. This was more like torture than anything resembling ‘relaxation’. His lower stomach ached tremendously, and he was constantly being subjected to water sounds. He hated it!

“Vegeta,” Gohan said, glancing down at Vegeta’s knotted legs for a second. “Is there… Is there something bothering you?”

Vegeta’s face flamed. He was noticing… He was noticing it, and he was getting curious, and… Ugh, no! He’d figure it out. He’d figure out that Vegeta needed to relieve himself, and obviously the ONLY explanation for why he wouldn’t do it was because he COULDN’T. No, no, no— Had to— Had to distract him somehow, had to—

“Y—Yes!” Vegeta said, as loudly as he could muster, and reddening further as his voice broke. “This method of capturing fish is much too slow! You would starve before you had enough for a decent meal!” He held a palm out over the water, and the tiny crackles of energy began to build. Vegeta was about to explode, one way or another, and THIS route was the one he preferred.

Kakarot’s eyes widened. “W—Wait, hold on a seco—“

Vegeta unleashed a blast, forming a crater in the lake. Water burst upwards, and his bladder sloshed with it, punishing him for not QUITE thinking this move through and forcing himself to endure even louder splashes as liquid and fish started to plummet back down.

Gohan groaned as large fish slapped against the ground. Beside him, his father chewed on his lip. Vegeta, however, forced a grin that ended up looking more like a pained grimace. “THERE,” he said. “Now that I have bested you and retrieved the most fish, can we call it a day?”

“Vegeta… You were supposed to relax,” Goku said, dismayed that he had completely failed at the task Bulma had given him. Sure, there was still some time left in the day, but now that Vegeta had blown up a lake, he doubted he’d be successful in turning this around.

Vegeta stood back up, buckling at the knees as roaring waves of pressure pounded at his exit. “Wh—What’s the problem, Kakarot? Disappointed that I’ve defeated y—“

“Vegeta, uh…” Goku was looking at his posture now, his trembling, the way he couldn’t quite manage to stand up all the way. Well, he could get Vegeta at least a LITTLE relaxed if he took care of this, anyway. “Er… Do you, maybe, wanna go and… Uh… Look around the woods for… For some stuff to season the fish with?”

“Dad, I think we have plenty of that stuff at home,” Gohan said. “And, we should probably get back there soon, I’m sure Mom heard… THAT, and is getting worried.”

Goku nervously looked back at Vegeta, before his gaze flicked to his son. “Oh, but it tastes better if it’s all fresh. You go back and tell Chi-Chi that Vegeta just got a little carried away, and we’ll get some herbs or something.”

A look of understanding passed over Gohan’s face. “Ohhh, I see. Yeah, I’ll—“

“What?!” Vegeta blurted out before he could stop himself. “Wh—What do you see? You didn’t see anyth—“

“Vegeta,” Kakarot held out his hands in what was probably meant to be a calming gesture, but it had no effect on Vegeta.

“It’s nothing,” Gohan insisted. “I didn’t mean anything— I just—“

“You’d BETTER not have!” Vegeta growled out. But, now his mind wouldn’t stop buzzing, almost as loudly as his bladder. He needed to know… It would eat away at him until he knew for sure. What had he done today that was so obvious? What had given him away? “Did you?”

“Uh…” Gohan looked away. “I was… I guess I’ll just… Ask. Vegeta, do you, um… Have… I’m not sure how to put this…”

Goku was starting to sweat too. Of course, Gohan had figured it out… He was too observant not to realize SOMETHING was going on with Vegeta.

“Vegeta do you… Have some privacy issues?” Gohan settled on at last.

He knew… Some-fucking-how, he just knew… Vegeta gritted his teeth and tried to straighten out, but he could no longer part his legs very far without experiencing the threatening tremble of his bladder on the verge of collapse. “I— I don’t know what you’re referring to!”

“I mean… You know, when you have to pee, do you need—“

“I don’t need anything— Ever. That’s ridiculous.”

“It’s nothing to be ashamed of!” Gohan said, wishing he’d just stayed quiet. Vegeta was glaring at him harder than he had in ages. “Lots of people have—“

“How?!” Vegeta demanded.

Gohan was confused. “Huh?”

“How did you find out?! What did I do?! Who told you?!”

“I— I just figured it out!” Gohan stammered. “And, I didn’t even mean to do that! I was just thinking one day about how I’ve never seen you go, and—“

“O—One day?!” Vegeta repeated. “So, you have known of this for some time?!”

“Y—Yeah, I think it was a few weeks before Buu showed up, I—“

“YOU’VE KNOWN FOR THAT LONG?!”

“Vegeta, come on,” Goku said. “It’s not good for you to get worked up right now…” He wasn’t sure how he could have failed more spectacularly at his mission today. ‘Hey, Goku! How about you help Vegeta rest and calm himself today?’ ‘Oh, sure… I’ll remind him of some mean stuff Frieza did. And after that, I’ll get him around worms even though I KNOW he’s real scared of them. Oh, and THEN I won’t realize that he’s gotta pee super bad until he’s blown up a lake. Next I’ll have him find out that my son’s known about one of his secrets for almost a whole year now!’

The ONLY way Goku could redeem himself at this point was to get Vegeta to some privacy NOW. “Come over here, let’s get to your house,” he said. “It’s alright… Gohan’s not making fun of you or anything, you don’t have to be embarrassed.”

“I— I—“ Vegeta struggled. He was scorching hot with humiliation, but his bladder burned worse than anything. He wanted to yell at Gohan, scold him for… For ‘investigating’ Vegeta’s situation, for figuring it out… But, he needed to resolve his CURRENT crisis NOW.

He went to Kakarot, and allowed the fool to take him home.

Bulma jumped only slightly when they appeared— Seemed she was getting more used to it. She ought to have been, considering how shamefully often Vegeta had to do this. She glanced them both over, and seemed disappointed when she spotted how frazzled Vegeta looked.

It was abundantly clear that he had NOT ‘relaxed’.

He could deal with that later, for now he HAD to get to his room. Each step punished him his entire way there, aching pinches moving up from his heels, all through his legs, and gouging into his bladder. ‘YOU do NOT leave the house without pissing first— YOU DO NOT. EVER AGAIN!’ What the fuck had he been THINKING earlier?! Had Kakarot’s idiocy rubbed off on him?!

‘Never again— Don’t you EVER do that again!’ He commanded himself, finally reaching his room. His hands grasped between his legs as he shut the door, and he allowed himself a few seconds of badly needed squeezing before he frantically got his clothing apart. ‘Never EVER again…’ He dashed into the bathroom and aimed, an audible whimper spilling from his lips when his stream did not immediately pour forth like he wanted it to.

‘Kakarot’s eldest brat figured it out— Who’s to say others haven’t done the same?’ Vegeta thought. ‘No, Gohan is the only one intelligent enough— No one else knows. Just the people who you’ve told— Just them. No one else.’

But, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d been obvious somehow, everyone knew that he couldn’t piss, they just didn’t SAY anything out of fear of his retaliation. He couldn’t go— It hurt, and he couldn’t go— The closest he’d gotten to letting this out was earlier, when Kakarot had tried to get him to breathe.

He did that now, he took in an extremely painful, deep inhale of air. Pain ricocheted all through him, his back beginning to cramp up as well now. His eyes watered, and just like before, he couldn’t quite bring himself to exhale.

That same peculiar snapping sensation came a moment later, and this time he did not immediately clench when his opening started to sting, he pushed into it, and managed to start urinating at last. This time, when he exhaled, it was with a satisfied sigh that got him blushing. That felt so much better, the awful strain inside of him began slowly ebbing away, the nearest he’d come to feeling ‘relaxed’ in a while.

***

“So, fishing didn’t work out?” Bulma gathered.

“He… Uh… He blew up the lake,” Goku admitted. “I think I picked the wrong thing… But, I’m really not sure WHAT the right thing is. Only time I ever see him calm is when he’s… Uh… Doing… What he’s hopefully doing right now.”

“There’s still the second thing I wanted you to try today,” Bulma reminded. “It might work out a LITTLE better… If you can get him to agree to it. I’d do it myself, but there’s no way in Hell I’m strong enough for it.”

Goku nodded. “I’ll do my best,” he said.

***

Vegeta exited the restroom after a few minutes. He felt somewhat better now that his entire midsection wasn’t alight in pain. He was still furious that someone had figured out his Problem on their own, though. How dare—

Kakarot had figured it out by himself… And, that had… Ultimately been a GOOD thing, as much as Vegeta was loathe to admit that. Vegeta would have NEVER admitted it to Kakarot on his own, especially not back then. If Kakarot hadn’t worked it out, no one would have been assisting Vegeta, and he would have had a much more difficult time. It was also unlikely he would have ever told anyone ELSE if it weren’t for how easily Kakarot accepted it— How Kakarot seemed to just instinctively know what would make this easier for Vegeta.

And, Kakarot was right— Gohan hadn’t been making fun of him. Gohan had known for a while, and he hadn’t even brought it up.

This… Wasn’t the end of the world…

Vegeta jolted as Kakarot came into the bedroom unannounced. “Haven’t you ever heard of knocking?”

“I thought you would have sensed me coming,” Kakarot said. “Now, listen. Like I said, there’s this other thing Bulma wanted me to try doing for you today.”

Vegeta groaned, “No more running water.”

“Don’t worry, there won’t be any,” Kakarot said.

“Fine… So, what is it?”

“Um… It’s… I forgot what it’s called, just lay down on the bed, alright?”

Vegeta glared, breath hitching “Excuse me?!”

“I think this works best if you’re in bed,” Kakarot said. “Face-down.”

“Kakarot— WHAT?!”

“Bulma said you need this,” Kakarot explained. “I thought it sounded weird at first too, but she really thinks it’s a good idea!”

Vegeta twitched, “B—Bulma wants— Why would she— She isn’t even here to watch, so why—“

“I mean, I asked if she wanted to watch,” Kakarot shrugged. “But, she said it might be easiest if we have privacy.”

“Kakarot— No,” Vegeta said. “I am not doing this with the likes of you. I have no idea why Bulma would SUGGEST it.”

“She just wants you to try it,” Kakarot said. “If you don’t like it, we can stop.”

“I already KNOW I won’t like it,” Vegeta said. “You’re YOU— And why is it that I’M the one that needs to lay down like that? IF I ever actually agreed to this, YOU would be in that position, NOT me.”

Kakarot was confused, “Um… I mean, I guess I might like you giving me some shoulder rubs, or whatever. But, YOU’RE the one that needs all this help relaxing…”

“… This is about giving me a massage?”

“Yeah, ‘massage’! That’s the word!” Kakarot said. “What did you think this was about?”

“… Nothing, it’s not important,” Vegeta said. “I’m not letting you massage me, either. If Bulma thinks I need one of those, then SHE can do it.”

“I told her you’d probably like that better,” Kakarot agreed. “But, then she said that you gotta be kinda strong to massage somebody, and she doesn’t think she can work all those knots out of your muscles.”

“I don’t have any ‘knots’, Kakarot.”

“You do… I could feel ‘em that time we swapped bodies,” Kakarot said. “They’re super tight and sore. Bulma says if I rub them enough they’ll start going away, and then you’ll be able to relax.”

“No.”

“Let’s just try,” Kakarot said. “It would make Bulma happy— And if you don’t like it, I’ll stop.”

Vegeta grumbled as he laid down. If Bulma wanted this…

“Alright…” Kakarot said. “Now… Um… I remember over here felt REALLY tense…” He put a hand onto Vegeta’s lower back and started to rub, pressing down forcefully.

“Ah— Hey—“ Vegeta flinched. Kakarot was touching him, and not to punch him. It felt strange. It felt foreign. It felt— Something changed. A persistent ache that Vegeta had long ago stopped noticing was suddenly gone. His back felt… Loose. And, not in a weak, loss of strength way. In a good way. He actually thought if he threw a punch right now, it would deal more damage than usual. “Wha— What did you do?!”

“I’m just rubbing your back, like Bulma said to,” Kakarot said. “Does it hurt?”

“Of course not! How dare you imply—“   “I wasn’t. Do you want me to stop?”

Vegeta considered it. As much as he detested the idea of Kakarot putting his hands all over him like that, he wondered if he had more of those little aches. Aches that had long ago faded into the background until Vegeta thought they were just part of being alive. His back felt stronger now, more flexible and free of tension. He felt like he’d gotten a boost without even having to train. Could that happen everywhere else? “Keep going, I guess…”

So, Goku did. He could kind of FEEL some of the knots in Vegeta’s back when he ran his hands over them, and he could feel them fading when he kneaded them. Vegeta was actually starting to relax! Goku was winning! He wondered why Vegeta needed someone to basically physically FORCE him to do that when Goku could do it all on his own without thinking about it.

Oh well. Maybe after this, Vegeta would be able to relax by himself a little easier. He moved up to Vegeta’s shoulders, starting with his left one, and— Wow, that was a HUGE knot… Goku could remember how much Vegeta’s shoulders ached when they’d swapped bodies, but since he hadn’t been able to reach this spot, he hadn’t known it was THIS bad.

Vegeta flinched initially, in a little bit of pain.

“I’ll stop,” Goku said.

“I don’t need you to stop, it doesn’t hurt!” Vegeta insisted.

So, Goku kept going, smoothing his hand over Vegeta’s shoulder, pressing down, imagining he was ironing out the lump. Now that he thought about it, he’d seen Vegeta kind of grabbing and holding this arm a lot any time he fought. Vegeta used that arm to block, so Goku had never been too concerned by it. Maybe he should have been. Even after a full minute of rubbing, Vegeta’s shoulder still felt so taut.

Goku stroked the spot in a circular motion, slowing down but increasing the pressure, and—

“Ahhhhh…” Vegeta moaned, entirely involuntarily. He’d had NO idea that that noise was about to come out of his mouth, and he wished he could take it back. It had just happened! He hadn’t been able to stop it— That had felt so… So…

How had Kakarot managed to transport him to Heaven for a second there? That arm had been filled with sharp pins and burning needles for what must have been decades by now. And then, all at once, it had gone so loose and free and the consistent ache he’d learned to just work around had been lifted away. It was like magic. Kakarot’s hands were fucking magic, and—

No.

No they weren’t.

Vegeta still didn’t like this. Yes, it had made him feel… A LITTLE better, maybe. But that didn’t mean he liked it. He was still merely putting up with this. It was a stupid thing he needed to endure because the woman thought it was good for him, that was all.

His arm felt so good right now, though…

But, so what? He’d lived with that pain for most of his life, so it wasn’t like he’d NEEDED this!

Goku was startled by Vegeta’s exclamation and held back the urge to say anything. No way had Vegeta made that sound on purpose, it would be better to just ignore it. He moved on to Vegeta’s other shoulder, it was knotted up as well, but not as badly as his left one. And, he didn’t get quite as much of a reaction once he’d started working on it. Vegeta sighed a bit through his nose, but nothing more. “You feeling any better?”

“… Shut up, Kakarot…”

“Guess that’s a yes?”

Vegeta stayed silent.

“Is it okay if I do your legs?”

“… Just watch where you put your hands, don’t go too high up.”

Goku was a little confused. “Um… What would be too high up?”

“Just— Just… Stop at the knees, alright? If you touch my ass, I’m gonna kill you.”

“Yeah, okay,” Goku said, moving down to rub Vegeta’s legs. They felt tense beneath Goku’s touch as well— But still nothing compared to his left shoulder. He made sure to stop when he reached Vegeta’s knees, and that seemed to help his friend relax a little easier.

He noticed after a bit that Vegeta had fallen asleep, which surprised him. Especially because Vegeta was staying STILL as he rested. Almost every time he’d seen Vegeta sleep before, he’d been flailing around, likely dreaming about fighting. Goku knew he did that too sometimes, but not nearly as often.

This time, Vegeta wasn’t moving at all. He was really DEEP asleep, probably resting better than he had in ages. It didn’t look like he was having any nightmares.

“Heh… Hey, I did it!” Goku said happily to himself. “I’ve got ya all nice and calm!”

Once Goku thought he’d gotten rid of all the knots, he left the bedroom and found Bulma again.

“Did he actually let you do it?” Bulma asked.

“Yeah,” Goku said. “Took a bit, but he finally said it was okay.”

“Good,” Bulma said, relieved. “Do you think it helped?”

“I think so,” Goku nodded. “I could feel the tense parts, and they all went loose.”

“Did he say he felt better?”

Goku shook his head.

“Yeah, I guess he wouldn’t tell you…”

“Well, I doubt he’d say anything, but he kinda fell asleep and I didn’t wake him back up again.”

“He fell asleep?” Bulma repeated. That was a REALLY good sign, it definitely meant he’d relaxed and calmed down. “Was he… Thrashing or whimpering, or… Anything?”

“Nope,” Goku said. “He’s sound asleep and looks really comfy.”

“Wow,” Bulma said. “You must have done a great job.”

***

Vegeta woke up blearily. He couldn’t believe he’d let Kakarot do all of that to him, and he’d even fallen asleep during it somehow! He felt weird, but not in a bad way. Something was missing, his back felt… light, and when he sat up his shoulder and neck muscles didn’t pull like he’d become accustomed to. His left arm felt so much better that it amazed him— He hadn’t known he could get so comfortable. Everything was loose, and flexible, and he felt like he could take out Frieza in a single punch.

He… Also felt like he could fill a swimming pool with his piss, though. He was bursting, and shocked he’d filled up so much so quickly. Thankfully, he was alone in his bedroom— The best place for him to be having an emergency. He got out of bed and went to the restroom. He stood in front of the toilet, aimed, and prepared for a long, uncomfortable wait as he worked to calm himself down enough.

But, he actually started to pee the second he told himself to. It startled him so much that he lost control of his aim for a second. That had never happened before— Even when he was alone and as comfortable as possible, it always took him a bit to get going. It had never been instantaneous.

Maybe all the loose feelings in his back and shoulders had loosened something else up a little too.

He hoped this feeling remained.

This was what it meant to be ‘relaxed’, wasn’t it? That had to be it. He’d seldom felt it before, and certainly not this intensely. Only ever in short, sporadic bursts that were gone as quickly as they appeared. But, he knew that today he’d finally done it, he’d actually relaxed.

And… He’d needed Kakarot to basically do it FOR him…

He hoped he was able to keep the tension out of his body on his own. Now that Kakarot had gotten him STARTED, he wanted to be able to to keep it up by himself. He didn’t want this to be just one more thing that Kakarot had sort out for him. This very personal nemesis should be one that he defeated himself— This was one foe that only HE could destroy.

At least, now that he knew what ‘relaxed’ actually felt like, he thought he’d have an easier time getting there.

*042*2024-06-13 20:34

The massage had done wonders for Vegeta. He didn’t have any Frieza-dreams that night, and he was able to relieve himself easily the following morning. He felt fantastic, he just had to pretend to himself that it hadn’t been Kakarot who’d made him feel this good.

The best thing was how much it had improved his fighting ability. He had the full-use of his left arm, finally. There were no aches pulling at it, no shooting pains, no immobilizing cramps. He didn’t have to grab onto it and squeeze, hoping that the pressure would dull the hurt inside of it, and losing the option to use EITHER of his hands to spar with in the process. He could use BOTH of his arms as much as he wanted.

All this added up to mean that, when he next fought Kakarot, he wasn’t defeated.

He didn’t WIN, either, though. They both ended up tapping out at the same time, but even just tying with Kakarot was exhilarating. If he hadn’t been so exhausted, he would have been jumping with excitement like he always had after winning a battle as a child. Had that knot in his shoulder really been holding him back THIS much? He felt like he could do ANYTHING now that it was gone.

“Wow… Vegeta…” Kakarot panted, laying on the ground. “That was… That was… Amazing. I haven’t had such a good fight in… In ages…”

“Ha… Ha…” Vegeta tried to smirk, laying a few feet away from Kakarot. “You… Sound tired… Kakarot… Don’t… Don’t have the energy to… go up against an elite, do you?”

“Heh…” Kakarot turned on his side to face Vegeta better. “Once I can move again, I’m gonna rub your shoulders and stuff, alright?”

“Again?” Vegeta asked. Kakarot’s hands all over him… Again? “Why would I need it a second time? Everything has been fixed.”

“I think that might be a good thing to do after a fight, so that it STAYS fixed,” Kakarot explained. “Is that alright?”

“I don’t think it’s necessary…”

“C’mon, Vegeta… You gave me one of the best fights EVER after we did that just one time; I wanna see if our next one can be even better!”

Kakarot sure knew which buttons to push… Damn him. “Fine… Fine… But, same rules as before; When you do my legs, you stop at the knees.”

“I know,” Kakarot said.

A half hour later, once Goku could handle moving his body again, he was once more giving Vegeta a massage. To his dismay, he felt a tiny knot already starting to reform in his friend’s left shoulder. He hadn’t expected it to appear again so soon. It was NOT as bad as the one he’d gotten out the first time, but the fact that Vegeta’s muscles tensed themselves to that degree so quickly worried him.

As he smoothed it out, Vegeta sighed softly, which encouraged him to continue as well as ask a hesitant question; “Did anything ever happen to this arm?”

“It’s the one I block with.”

“I know that, but is there anything else?” Goku ran his hand all down the length of Vegeta’s arm, feeling more tense bits.

Vegeta hesitated. “It was broken in multiple places when I was a child,” he said.

“Oh. Did they not have those healing tanks back then?”

“We did, but Frieza was furious with me at the time, so he forbid me from using them. And, unfortunately, we had become so reliant on the tanks that no one knew alternative ways of mending broken bones. We’d been using the tanks for generations.”

“What? So you mean they didn’t even put it in a cast or anything?”

“No,” Vegeta said. “It’s possible that my arm never healed correctly after that. You know, I actually used my left hand to write before that happened, afterwards it would cause my arm to cramp after a short while, so I had to relearn how to do it with my right hand.”

“And, senzu beans have never been able to fix it, either?” Goku gathered.

“They have not,” Vegeta confirmed. He nearly admitted that Kakarot’s hands were the first things to ever help the pain in his arm, but stopped himself just in time.

“Maybe they have, like, a time limit, and they can’t repair old injuries. But, I’ll keep doing this after we fight, whenever we’ve got time for it.” Goku continued, the rest of Vegeta’s body felt tense again as well, but Goku didn’t find any more actual knots. He could tell he was going to have to do this a LOT, his friend obviously didn’t STAY loose for too long after he’d finished. This was gonna be like a form of basic maintenance for Vegeta, an absolute necessity… “That feel better?”

“… Tch, a bit I guess,” Vegeta said, starting to sit up again. Ah— Oh, wow, he REALLY had to— What the fuck?! He’d had NO urge to pee at ALL a few minutes ago! Where had that come from? Had Kakarot squeezed all the liquid in his body into his bladder by mashing on him like that?! Vegeta tensed his thighs.

Kakarot noticed, “Vegeta, I just got you loosened up, try not to—“

Vegeta stood up abruptly, pacing the area, scanning it for a suitable spot. He didn’t understand HOW he’d filled up so fast, but if he didn’t get emptied soon, all that work Kakarot had put in to make him feel comfortable would go to waste as his back exploded with brutal agony.

They generally found empty areas to spar in, so that they wouldn’t need to worry about destroying anything. A vacant, flat expanse of land like this was an ideal location for a battle. It was definitely NOT the ideal place for Vegeta relieve himself. There was really nothing out here to conceal himself behind.

‘You and Kakarot are alone out here. You don’t even sense anyone,’ Vegeta told himself. ‘Just… You know… On the ground…’

His heart thrummed just at the thought of it!

“Kakarot,” Vegeta started. “I—“

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “THAT’S why you’re getting all tense again. Heh, it’s amazing you held it through that whole fight, it was SO long! I couldn’t do that!”

Vegeta was about to point out that Kakarot HAD done the same thing; He hadn’t asked for a break in the middle of their battle. But, then he remembered Kakarot’s… disgusting, little… ‘trick’. He recalled each time Kakarot had been powering himself up, and was stuck wondering which of those instances the fool had chosen to use to urinate on himself and evaporate all the evidence. How the Hell could he DO something like that and not die from embarrassment?

And how did he get AWAY with it every time without Vegeta even noticing? Kakarot was NEVER discreet about ANYTHING, but somehow Vegeta had never picked up on the fact that Kakarot deliberately wet himself sometimes when he was charging up. “Ugh, Kakarot, did you… Do that… revolting thing you told me about?”

Kakarot just laughed. “It’s not that gross, Vegeta. It all evaporates as soon as it comes out, I don’t feel my legs getting wet or anything. And, I can keep fighting.”

“How often?” Vegeta groaned, his knees rubbing now. His bladder was so damn full it hurt, it was like he’d had a whole water cooler dumped into it in the span of a few minutes. He hoped to Hell that he didn’t have another infection, that was the only other time he’d had such serious and sudden emergencies like this.

“Hm?”

“How many fights have you… Done that in?”

Kakarot frowned. “I dunno… I never thought to keep count. If they get really long, that just ends up happening, though.”

“Doesn’t it distract you?” Vegeta asked, bouncing on his heels. Even if he WERE like Kakarot, was incapable of shame, and didn’t feel the least bit embarrassed about wetting himself in the midst of a battle, it would STILL take his attention away from the fight. When he urinated after holding it for ages, the release would always feel so incredible that he could barely think of much else.

Ah, he needed that now…

“A little, but not as much as holding it in does,” Kakarot shrugged. “The first time I did it, I kinda freaked out for a second, though.”

“The first time?” Vegeta repeated. “Oh, PLEASE don’t say that it was with me…” Their first battle had gone on for ages. If Vegeta hadn’t been so dehydrated when it had begun, the first defeat of his life could have been an even greater agony.

“Nope, it was with Frieza,” Kakarot said.

“Y—You did it in front of Frieza?! Was I— Was I still—“

“Um… It was after Frieza shot you, but before I turned into a Super Saiyan,” Kakarot said. “I woke up from the healing tank thingy, and I had to go then, but it’s not like I had any time for that. So I just thought ‘Forget about it, it’s not important right now’, and then I kinda just had it in the back of my mind that I might end up going on myself.”

And, that hadn’t distracted Kakarot? That hadn’t made him hesitate, or piled on any additional stress? He’d seriously thought ‘Oh, I might piss myself today’ and had been completely fine with it?

Yes, there WERE way more important things for Kakarot to be focusing on at that time, but Vegeta had never been able to completely shove away the fear of humiliation when he’d been in similar situations. His attention would inevitably divide between his discomfort and the actual task at hand; His mind would become a mess and he’d lose his ability to fully concentrate on anything.

“So, uh… Yeah, I had to pee when I showed up, and after… After that stuff happened to you, the fight kept getting longer. I wasn’t really paying attention to holding it, but I could feel that I really had to go, and it was bugging me. Eventually, I just went without meaning to. And, for a second I kinda panicked about it, but then I realized I didn’t feel my legs getting wet, and I looked down and it was just evaporating off me. So, it was fine.”

It was fine… Kakarot pissed himself right in front of Frieza, and it was just fine…

That was the least ‘fine’ thing Vegeta could think of! The thought of it got him shuddering, which reminded him of the confusingly high pressure in his bladder, the fear that he’d broken it again.

Kakarot noticed and looked around. “Doesn’t look like there are any good spots out here for you to go,” he noted. “Wanna head home for a minute?”

Vegeta simply blushed and walked closer to Kakarot, allowing the other Saiyan to grab his shoulder and take him home. Peeing had BETTER feel as good as it was supposed to this time, he’d BETTER not have an infection again. He knew he always held it for too long, so it was always a distinct possibility that he’d make himself sick.

The slight increase in pressure that always accompanied teleportation made Vegeta’s middle cramp and his ankles cross. As soon as he’d given Bulma a quick wave, reoriented himself and figured out what area of the house he was in, he rushed off.

He made it to his restroom and got ready to pee. He aimed hesitantly, wary that sharp needles would erupt from his tip once he finally let go. But, to his immense relief, the second his valve opened up he was met with nothing but pleasure as his stream trickled out. He didn’t have an infection, his bladder was just acting… Weird.

‘Maybe I didn’t notice I had to go because I was busy fighting,’ Vegeta thought, although that had never been the case before. He was ALWAYS aware when his bladder was getting full. It wasn’t the kind of thing he could easily ignore.

Then, why had his desperation come on so suddenly?

***

Bulma turned to Goku, “I’ve been meaning to ask, do you ever have him TRY to go wherever you are before taking him home?”

Goku shook his head. “Not really. And, today we fought in this super empty spot. Vegeta’s at least gotta have a tree to go behind.”

“Alright…” Bulma said. “I do wish he’d TRY more often, though.”

“Uh, well, I think I’m keeping him a little more relaxed anyway,” Goku said. “I rubbed his back and stuff again today, after we got done fighting.”

“Ah, that explains why he was so, um, ‘urgent’,” Bulma said.

“Huh?”

“When you get a massage, it stimulates your blood-flow, gets fluid moving through your body…”

“Oh,” Goku said. ‘Okay, so I have to give Vegeta massages as often as I can, but only when I’m sure he’ll be able to pee really soon afterwards.’ That complicated things a bit, but Goku assumed he could still manage it.

‘I can always teleport him,’ Goku reasoned. ‘So, nothing too bad can happen if I’m with him.’ It was a very comforting thought.

But, things would turn out to be more difficult than he had imagined.

The next time they fought, they did so in the desert again so that they wouldn’t need to hold back. And, they tied once more, much to Vegeta’s satisfaction. However, his left arm had begun to cramp towards the end, and Kakarot noticed him rubbing at his shoulder once they had stopped.

“Aw, man,” Kakarot said. “That knot’s back already, isn’t it?”

Vegeta frowned at the concern in Kakarot’s tone. “I’m sure YOU get muscle cramps as well!”

“Yeah,” Kakarot agreed. “But, what you’re getting is different. I’ll fix it.”

Vegeta kept rubbing on his shoulder. He WISHED he could knead his stupid body back to normal on his own, but his arm refused to bend enough to let him reach the spot all the pain was flowing from.

He hated that he required Kakarot for this. He hated that Kakarot could make him feel so good.

But, now that he knew what it felt like to have his muscles soothed, a part of him kept craving it. The first few minutes after Kakarot had finished with his left arm were extraordinary, his body wanted to feel that all of the time.

“F—Fine, Kakarot…” Vegeta scowled. “Tch… I wish I didn’t have to lay down in the dirt for this…”

“But we were just knocking each other into the dirt for the past few hours,” Kakarot pointed out. “We’re both already covered in it.”

Vegeta sighed. That was different! He didn’t know how to explain it, but it just was! Still, he reluctantly laid himself down and waited for Kakarot to free him from the tight stabs ratcheting deeply within his shoulder.

Kakarot did, digging his fingers into Vegeta’s back and drawing hard circles. As he applied the pressure, Vegeta was already starting to feel better. Worn out from the fight, he almost thought he was going to fall asleep like he had the first time they’d done this, if it weren’t for the dirt getting caught in his throat, he might have.

Kakarot drug his knuckles down Vegeta’s back, making it go light and loose. Vegeta sighed despite his general discomfort with his surroundings. Why did Kakarot have to be so good at this? Vegeta knew for a fact nobody had ever TAUGHT Kakarot how to do it, but it was like he had some kind of invisible guideline telling him exactly where Vegeta was the most tense.

Goku continued for a while, working the big knot back out of Vegeta’s shoulder as well as a few smaller ones that had already formed in his back. Vegeta’s muscles got SO tight SO fast, it was actually really concerning. The level of stress Vegeta was constantly carrying couldn’t have been good or normal.

It was for this reason that Goku KEPT rubbing Vegeta’s back even after he’d stopped feeling any knots. Maybe if he continued for a while, he’d be able to keep the tension at bay longer.

Vegeta didn’t seem to mind the extra time…

Vegeta was the least patient person Goku had ever met, but now he was content to just lay there, still for several minutes.

“Is that better?” Goku asked after a bit. “How’s your arm?”

“It’s fine like always, Kakarot. That wasn’t necessary,” Vegeta huffed out, but the sharpness was gone from his voice.

Vegeta stood, and was jolted rudely by some VERY intense pangs inside of his bladder. Oh, come on! Why hadn’t he noticed that earlier?! It wasn’t supposed to be so sudden! His knees pressed themselves together before he could stop them.

Of course, Kakarot noticed. “Vegeta, it’s okay, don’t panic—“

“I’m not panicking, you idiot!” Vegeta snapped, trying to quell the aggravated thrumming of his heart. He MUST have been developing another of those awful infections, his bladder kept acting up!

“It’s normal,” Kakarot said. “Bulma told me that, um, when I massage you, it makes the water and stuff move through you, so then you’ve gotta—“

“Why didn’t you tell me that before?!” Vegeta demanded. “I wouldn’t have allowed you to do that to me if I knew it would—“

“It’s okay,” Kakarot assured him once more. “I’ll just take you home for a minute, same as always.” He reached for Vegeta’s shoulder.

“Wait, hold on Kakarot, that’s not going to wor—“

In a flash, they appeared in front of Bulma. That part WAS the same as always, just like Kakarot had said.

What WASN’T the same was their actual location, which happened to be a plane that Bulma was piloting.

So, when she jumped in surprise at their sudden appearance, the plane jerked and rolled a little, pulling Vegeta off balance and sloshing up his bladder fiercely, he stumbled, hands gripping his knees as he tried to fend off the awful pressure that slammed against his tip.

Goku took a few seconds to register what had happened. “Oh… Um… Whoops.”

“Goku, what the Hell?!” Bulma cried. “You almost made me crash! This had BETTER be really important!”

Goku looked back over at Vegeta, hunched over, twitching from head to toe, and still trying to re-settle his bladder. All of that work Goku had put into relaxing his muscles had definitely been undone now. “Um… I guess it’s kinda important… But—“

Bulma groaned, also looking in Vegeta’s direction. “Vegeta, I TOLD you this morning I wanted to check out the new stores on Amenbo Island, and my parents are at a convention. I TOLD you that if you had to… do THIS today, you wouldn’t be able to use any of our energy signals to get home. Weren’t you listening, or were you off in la-la land again thinking about your fight with—“

“I TRIED to tell this idiot!” Vegeta shouted, rising onto the tips of his toes as his bladder convulsed roughly. He gestured to Kakarot, using his LEFT arm which he could feel was definitely getting tight again already. “He didn’t let me finish!”

Goku looked down at his feet. “S—Sorry…” he mumbled. So, they were near Amenbo Island? That was further from West City than the desert they’d started in was! He’d brought Vegeta AWAY from relief, not closer to it! “I messed up…”

Bulma breathed in deeply, her forehead throbbing as a headache started to take hold. “Goku…”

“I’m sorry,” Goku said, then he repeated it when he saw the glare Vegeta was shooting him. The massage Goku had given to him earlier was meaningless now, Vegeta was crossing his arms, tensing his thighs, and if Goku looked closely enough he could see he was kind of vibrating. The embarrassed redness in his cheeks didn’t help, either. Goku could tell that all the knots he’d rubbed loose had retied themselves.

‘Great going,’ Goku thought. ‘I’m really bad at this…’

“I’m landing the plane in just a minute,” Bulma sighed. “You two can sort yourselves out then.”

Goku nodded, his brain in a mush as he tried to think of what else he could do. They were about to land in a city, which would be full of public restrooms that Vegeta couldn’t use, as well as crowds which always made Vegeta uncomfortable. Goku would have to take him SOMEWHERE else, but he just didn’t know where.

His OWN house seemed like the most obvious option. Even if Vegeta wasn’t able to use the bathroom there, he could manage to pee in the woods so long as Goku was keeping watch.

Once they had landed and gotten out of the plane, Goku actually took the time to remember where all of his family members currently were. Gohan was at school, so he couldn’t lock onto HIS energy. Chi-Chi and Goten were…

At the doctor…

Right…

That was part of why Goku had wanted to get out and spar today; His only OTHER option was going with them. Goku couldn’t stand watching his kids get needles. He couldn’t stand being in the same ROOM as a needle!

So, Goku couldn’t get Vegeta to HIS house right now, either.

Vegeta, meanwhile, was trying to stay close to Kakarot. Bulma had capsulized the plane and wandered off to peruse the shops, so there was nothing else Vegeta could stand near to hide his fidgeting from on-lookers. Nor could he STOP fidgeting. His bladder had refused to stop spasming ever since it had had the misfortune of being tossed around on the plane. There was a heavy, pulling sensation near his opening, and he kept rocking on his heels, fearful to move his legs too far apart from each other.

The streets and sidewalks were bustling… So many people able to see him… Able to notice that he was standing awkwardly, that he wouldn’t hold still. Surely, someone would guess correctly that he needed to relieve himself. They’d think he was pathetic, that he couldn’t hold it.

He could hold it… It just made his midsection ache to do so.

“Kakarot!” Vegeta hissed under his breath when he realized the fool was just STANDING there, staring off into space.

“S—Sorry!” Kakarot said, jumping. “I was just… I dunno where to take you,” he explained. “Chi-Chi and the others aren’t at the house right now, so I can’t bring you there…” His gaze drifted down towards Vegeta’s feet, which were in constant motion, like the sidewalk beneath him was giving him the most awful burns. Vegeta didn’t miss the way he winced. “Do you think you can fly home from here?”

“O—Of course I can, Kakarot!” Vegeta declared, placing his hands onto his hips and trying to ignore the insistent, angry throbs from his bladder, screaming at him that he most certainly could NOT do that right now.

He was on a fucking island. He would be stuck flying above tons and tons of ocean water for a while, forced to see and— even worse— listen to its flow. Amenbo Island was nowhere NEAR West City, even after he got back to the mainland, he’d have a LONG distance to travel with his bladder’s cargo getting more and more difficult to carry.

But, a long journey couldn’t be entirely devoid of… Of potential locations for relief, right?

Kakarot was talking to himself, thinking along similar lines. “Maybe he could do it in the ocean… He’s done that before, so— No… Lots of boats come through out this way… There’s gotta be some forests between here and the city… Or, maybe…”

“Shhh!” Vegeta growled out. “Not so loud! People are going to hear you!”

“Just… Just let me check one more thing,” Kakarot said.

“What?” Vegeta groaned.

“I’m PRETTY sure I can get you to Roshi’s place,” Kakarot explained.

Vegeta groaned even louder. That didn’t help! Even if Kakarot kept everyone outside of the house and distracted, Vegeta wouldn’t be able to urinate there. He could search that pervert’s bathroom from top to bottom and NOT find a camera, but he’d still just KNOW that one had to be hiding somewhere, evading him. Eighteen lived there, there was zero possibility that Roshi HADN’T set something up so that he could watch her bathe. “Kakarot, I’m not going to—“

“I know,” Kakarot said. “But, it’ll at least get you closer to home a bit faster.” He lowered his voice, but not nearly enough to keep Vegeta’s skin from bristling with humiliation. “Or, you could go in the ocean like last time.”

“… Fine,” Vegeta said, a fierce volt of pressure urging him to agree, and a cold spike of humiliation forcing him to elaborate; “So that I’ll be closer to home— I am NOT doing… that other thing again.” He would NOT. The other time had been… Out of his control. His bladder had already been pushed to its limit two times in a row, it was too worn out to do it a third time. This time, Vegeta didn’t have that excuse, so no matter HOW frantic the call of nature got, he wouldn’t be answering it in the ocean.

“Alright,” Kakarot said, taking his arm again.

Immediately, they were on the tiny island, and the splashy, sloshy lapping of water on the shore had Vegeta crossing his ankles and grinding his knees together. He HATED that sound! It was the worst thing in the world, it hypnotized his bladder, coaxed it into filling itself faster than it should have even been possible. He HATED it!

Bulma had once bought a ‘sleep sound’ machine, and one of the noises it made was a looped recording of ocean waves. Vegeta had viewed the device as some sort of diabolical threat at first, something the woman was going to hide somewhere, then use to torture him whenever he’d pissed her off. He’d been preparing to obliterate it when Bulma explained what it was actually for.

“What’s your problem, Vegeta?! I got this to help me sleep at night!” Bulma had shouted. “And, it was the last one at the store, so I’d appreciate it if you DIDN’T pointlessly blow it up!” She’d then switched the sound being played to a low, humming one, more like radio static, and Vegeta reluctantly lowered his hands.

“It’s to help you sleep…?” He’d repeated, confused. He supposed that maybe the SECOND sound could be used to block out the noises of the city, so IT could help a person sleep. But, the first one?! Who could sleep through the CONSTANT sound of running water?! Vegeta would just be a wriggling mess all night and NEVER get any rest.

“Yes?” Bulma nodded, just as confused by his reaction. “I guess you didn’t have anything like this in space?”

“… Never put it on that ocean sound,” Vegeta said. “I don’t like it.”

“Well… Okay…” Bulma said.

Now, Vegeta was getting yet another reminder of why he hated that terrible noise. And the sight of it… Moving in and out, all wet and… And flowing… And…

“Hey Goku, is Vegeta okay?”

When Vegeta heard that voice, he suddenly remembered that he and Kakarot weren’t alone here. He’d been so transfixed by the maddening, cruel ocean that everything else had slipped away. Such as the fact that he was standing there, shuddering with crossed legs, in front of Krillin, Roshi and Eighteen.

Vegeta forced his legs apart, heat burning inside his length, his opening seeming to twitch with the need to let it all go. He grimaced in discomfort as every threatening throb only ended with a sharp pinch of pain instead of a leak.

“Uh, yeah, Krillin,” Kakarot said. “He’s fine.”

“He’s really… Twitchy,” Krillin noted.

Vegeta scowled. He missed when he could make Krillin practically piss himself just by looking at him…

Stupid Krillin… Actually ABLE to piss when being looked at…

“Oh,” Kakarot said. “Well, uh… He’s just… Itchy!” He settled on. “Really, really itchy! ‘Cause, um… We were fighting, and I accidentally… Knocked him into lots of poison ivy. So, he’s trying REAL hard not to scratch and make it worse.”

“… Uh huh,” Krillin said.

Vegeta hoped Krillin was buying that. It was a decent excuse… Were it not for the fact that Vegeta’s whole body was always covered up. It would require a really sharp plant to get through his armor and give him a rash…

“I guess that explains why his face is so red,” Eighteen said.

Vegeta looked away, but then his gaze was drawn to the damned ocean again, his legs pinched inwards, dying to tangle together. He could feel the tides in his bladder rising and falling in rhythm with the water.

“And, I guess you came here for some kind of remedy?” Roshi gathered.

Dammit, that’s right, they hadn’t come up with a reason for their visit before coming here…

“… Yeah,” Kakarot said after a moment, casting Vegeta an apologetic glance, as if trying to assure him that this wouldn’t take very long.

“Alright,” Roshi said. “Krillin, come help me look.”

And then, Vegeta was alone outside with Eighteen, and he felt… Frustratingly, infuriatingly vulnerable. He didn’t associate with her that often. They’d fought one time before, and it was a battle Vegeta didn’t like to remember. He wasn’t close with her, nor did he want to be.

The feeling seemed to be mutual, thankfully.

Which was why he felt more on edge when he noticed that she was watching him. His feet were bouncing in the sand, and it was audible over the sound of the ocean. His knees kept pressing against each other, dying to cross. His abdomen was straining, and the force being exerted against his sphincters was brutal. He couldn’t hold still— He NEEDED to hold still. He couldn’t just… Carry on like this, fidgeting as someone watched.

Kakarot said he was itchy… She thought he was itchy… People squirmed when they were itchy… She couldn’t tell. She didn’t know.

But, then she came over to him. “Okay,” she said. “Out with it, what’s going on with you?”

“You heard Kakarot,” Vegeta said, not daring to look at her. He begged himself to stop bouncing, to stop trembling. He tried to pretend that he didn’t need to go that bad, but he couldn’t lie to himself. There was too much liquid in him, he couldn’t ignore it. He was constantly aware of the stretching in his bladder, the walls being pulled thinner and thinner.

“Yeah, and I didn’t believe him,” Eighteen said. “Everything on you is covered, except for your face. The poison ivy wouldn’t have been able to touch you.”

“… I had taken my shirt off to fight Kakarot,” Vegeta said, BEGGING himself to hold still. She was right beside him, and yet he was STILL bouncing.

“I doubt that,” Eighteen said. “You don’t do that. Why lie?”

“I— I’m not lying…” Vegeta insisted, a pang from his midsection furiously scolding him for his dishonesty. As if he could EVER admit to her that he was dying to pee… “I’m… I’m acting this way because… It’s like Kakarot said…”

“No. Be honest. Is this about your pissing thing?” Eighteen asked with a bored sigh.

Horror flooded through Vegeta’s veins, the fire straining in his bladder turned to ice. “M—My— Who told you about that?! I’ll annihilate them!”

“No one told me,” Eighteen shrugged. “I just had a feeling… And now you’ve confirmed it.”

“A… A ‘feeling?!’” Vegeta repeated, angrier now— But the rage was directed towards himself. He tried to remember all of his interactions with Eighteen, all the times he’d been near her, trying to think of what he might have done to cause her to figure this out on her own. He couldn’t, though.

He hadn’t needed to relieve himself during his fight against her, so he wouldn’t have been fidgeting or showing even the smallest hint of desperation. He HAD been desperate in her vicinity before, but he usually did a good job of getting away from people who weren’t his family or Kakarot before his discomfort got too obvious. He didn’t think he’d ever squirmed too blatantly in front of Eighteen, given her any clear indication that he needed to go, any reason for her to wonder why he didn’t just go off and pee.

Not until now, anyway; Sweating and bending at the knees as his waterlogged body screamed for release.

Had she overheard him demanding assistance from Kakarot? Was that it? But he always made sure that the statements he made to Kakarot when he needed to be brought home were too vague for anyone else to understand!

“The Hell do you mean a ‘feeling?!’”

“I just started to think something like that was going on with you after Cell absorbed me.”

Vegeta stared back at her, utterly confused. He’d DEFINITELY never told THAT creature about this. And, sure, he’d needed to go quite a bit by the end of the Cell Games, but everyone—especially Cell— had been a bit too distracted by other things to notice any fidgeting from Vegeta. “That makes absolutely no sense.”

Eighteen sighed again. “Cell was created using data taken from you and some of the others,” she stated monotonously. “Piccolo doesn’t have a bladder. Goku is completely shameless. Krillin has never had any trouble urinating… That left just you and Frieza.”

“Left… For what?! What are you talking about—“

“For where Cell inherited the shy bladder from,” Eighteen said, rolling her eyes.

Cell could piss? Where did it even come out? Maybe his tail, like Frieza? And, Vegeta’s data had caused him to be unable to relieve himself? Ha, well, Vegeta didn’t actually MIND that. He wished that he could curse ALL of his enemies with this stupid Problem. It would be glorious; Anyone pisses him off, and he’d be able to make THEM unable to piss at all!

Aside from the fact that Cell’s situation had given Eighteen some knowledge that Vegeta didn’t want her to have, he didn’t see much reason to get upset about it.

“And, after something Krillin said, I had a feeling it must have come from you.”

“Wait, what has he been saying?!”

“Something about when you met the first time,” Eighteen said. “Apparently, you all took a break from fighting for a few hours to wait for Goku? And, Krillin says you started fidgeting before running off and telling Nappa to kill anyone who tried to follow you?”

Vegeta had almost forgotten about that, considering everything else that had occurred that day. But, yes, after going so long without a piss— not to mention how much Nappa kept shaking the ground below Vegeta’s feet— he had needed to go an awful lot. So, he did leave and make it clear to everyone that following him would be a death sentence.

Then, he’d found a secluded spot in the wasteland and made sure his scouter couldn’t pick up on any nearby power levels before voiding his bladder. He hadn’t had any other choice; Everyone kept talking up how strong Kakarot was, so he didn’t want anything weighing him down once the fight started.

And, he’d ASSUMED no one had thought anything of it ever again!

But, Krillin had remembered that?!

How many other small things had his problem caused him to do that hadn’t escaped notice?

Vegeta glared at her; “S—So, what if… What if, hypothetically, I DID have this… Thing you’re speaking of?”

“Well, then I’d know why you’re crossing your legs so tightly that I’m shocked you haven’t snapped the bones.”

Vegeta turned away… Too quickly, and he was punished by another tyrannical throb in his abdomen, cracks trying to form in the delicate walls of his bladder. “You would dare to mock me?”

“I WOULD dare,” Eighteen said. “But, having experienced it myself when I was inside Cell, I figure you’re already in ENOUGH pain right now, and I won’t be able to add much to it.”

At least she wasn’t going to taunt him too badly. Which, again, made him feel weirdly glad that he’d forced Cell to develop this stupid thing. That had worked out alright for h—

The data was gathered by tiny cameras Gero had built to observe everyone…

And, if it had information pertaining to Vegeta’s inability to empty his bladder…

Then that meant…

“Wait, hold on— For Cell to have gotten this, Gero’s cameras must have been surveilling me everywhere?!” Vegeta exclaimed, cold terror washing over him. How much had it watched?! How many recordings of Vegeta trying and failing to force out his piss had existed?! Did any of them STILL exist?! And, what ELSE had the device seen?! “I’LL KILL HIM!”

“Gero is already dead,” Eighteen reminded him.

“Then go REVIVE him so that I can kill him again!” Vegeta barked. “I can’t believe I never noticed the fucking camera— I would have DESTROYED it if—“

“Hold on, you regret not being able to destroy the camera because it recorded you peeing, but NOT because it was used to create Cell?”

“At least Cell gave me a good fight,” Vegeta huffed. “He wasn’t as bad as—“

“He literally tried to end the world. You think someone recording you peeing is worse than the end of the world?”

“I do. Because it IS.” Vegeta was NOT being overly dramatic! It wasn’t just that the camera had recorded him urinating, it had also recorded him being UNABLE to urinate! Even if all of them were gone now, there had been a moment in time in which filmed evidence of Vegeta being utterly incapable of something had existed.

Unacceptable.

“Revive him,” Vegeta repeated. “Get the dragon balls, bring him back. I’m going to make him wish he’d never been born.”

Eighteen sighed. “… Alright, well, this has been an… Enlightening conversation, but I think now I’m just going to leave you to your little crisis.”

“Wait— Hold on!” Vegeta said.

“What now?”

“Uh, hypothetically, if I actually DID have issues with… Urination. A—And, this is completely hypothetical, I won’t say either way—“

“Vegeta.”

“… If you tell anyone about this, I’m going to—“

“I never told anyone about my suspicions,” Eighteen pointed out. “So, why would I do it now just because they’ve been confirmed?”

“Th—They haven’t been confirmed though. This is all hypothetical,” Vegeta reminded.

Eighteen entered the house a few seconds before Kakarot sprinted out of it, holding some kind of skin cream. He called over his shoulder; “Yeah, this is exactly what we need! Thanks guys!” He rushed to Vegeta’s side, softening his voice significantly; “I’m SO sorry about that, but now they don’t suspect a thing! C’mon!”

Kakarot took off into the sky. Vegeta followed, but it was like the gravity had suddenly increased, the heavy, tight feeling in his core made him flounder and thrash, and he only barely managed to stay afloat. “Haaa— Nnnh—!” Vegeta gritted his teeth, gnashing them together, his legs flailing out behind him and making it nearly impossible to fly in a straight line. His speed was suffering immensely as well, and Kakarot ended up getting far ahead of him.

Goku stopped when he realized Vegeta wasn’t beside him like he’d expected. He turned and watched his friend struggling, red-faced and sweating, legs rubbing and fighting so hard to move forwards.

He couldn’t make it home like this, could he?

Goku had a terrible sinking feeling in his gut. He should have told Vegeta about how getting a massage would make him need to go, then Vegeta could have explained that his family all weren’t at home today. Goku shouldn’t have assumed that, just because he could teleport, he could ALWAYS get Vegeta to the right place in time.

He’d only wanted to make Vegeta feel calm and relaxed… And, wow, he was SO terrible at doing that! He screwed it up every time, and always in a way that made Vegeta feel awful like this.

Vegeta caught up to him, and Goku couldn’t look away from his legs. Now that Vegeta had paused his flight, they were coiled together, his fists opening and closing urgently at his sides. Obviously, he wanted to actually squeeze onto something, but was pleading with himself not to give in.

“Vegeta, I know you said you don’t wanna do it in the water again,” Goku started. “But—“

“No.”

“But, we’re far enough out now, no one is gonna see. I don’t sense anyb—“

“No.”

“Come on, Vegeta… It felt good the last time, didn’t it?” Goku HAD to convince him somehow. Vegeta hadn’t yelped yet, so hopefully that meant his back hadn’t started hurting. If Vegeta got THAT bad off today, Goku would consider himself a total failure. And, the only way to prevent that was to get Vegeta empty NOW. “And, nothing bad happened.”

“It… It was disgraceful,” Vegeta said.

“No, it wasn’t. What’s the difference between doing it out here in the water, and doing it in the woods? You’re still peeing outside either way.”

Vegeta clenched his eyes shut, but the sound of the ocean below him was just as loud as ever. Or maybe that was the sound of his own liquids sloshing— That HAD to be louder! The noise was filling up his head, filling up his bladder. He hated it, he hated it, he hated it… And Kakarot was asking stupid questions, the answers should have been obvious!

“Well?” Kakarot prodded. “You don’t put up this much of a fight when you gotta do it behind a tree, so what’s—“

“Th—The idea that I… That I c—can’t make it h—home…” Vegeta mumbled. “O—Or even back t—to the mainland where there’s more cover… Th—That I… That I can’t control myself and w—would do this s—so openly…”

Kakarot frowned at him, his brows creasing. Of course the idiot couldn’t understand it…

“But, it’s NOT openly,” Kakarot said. “I just told you, I don’t sense anybody around here. It’s just us.”

“Nothing to… It’s just…” Vegeta stiffly waved his arms out at their surroundings, the vast sea melding with the sky. It was completely… Completely open.

“You didn’t need anything to go behind last time,” Kakarot pointed out. “Come on, buddy. You’ve done this before. It isn’t new, so—“

“A s—second time is twice as disgraceful.”

Goku sighed. Vegeta’s logic here made no sense to him. He understood his friend was embarrassed and viewed peeing in this area as an act of utter desperation… But, Vegeta WAS utterly desperate— That was obvious! “I’m not ever gonna TELL anyone, you KNOW that!”

“I do, but I’d know.”

Another sigh. “… Vegeta, I think I’ve got all my energy back! You wanna have another round?”

Vegeta shut his eyes, and his jaw clenched. “Kakarot, now is NOT the time for—“

“Oh, what’s the matter, Vegeta?” Goku grinned. “Scared I might knock ya outta the air?”

Despite himself, and the horrible, pounding throbs battering his bladder, Vegeta scoffed; “Of course n—not. I wouldn’t let y—“

“I dunno, Vegeta… I think I could smack ya right outta the sky and into the water,” Kakarot said. “I bet I can do it SO hard that you need a couple minutes to catch your breath.”

Vegeta wasn’t an idiot, and Kakarot wasn’t subtle. He knew what his rival was offering to him, offering it to him without acknowledging it. This could… Happen, and they could both pretend that it hadn’t until the end of time.

Kakarot was so good at this. Damn him.

So… Revolting, though…He’d technically be urinating in his clothes…

It would get washed away immediately… Just like how Kakarot’s piss evaporated if he let go while powering up. Kakarot never had anything… Left over on himself when he did that…

Vegeta would only have sea-water on himself, and he could even just dry THAT off with his chi right away if he wanted to.

“I—I’d like to see you try, Kakarot!” Vegeta declared. “G—Give it your best shot!” He tried to get into some kind of battle stance, if only to keep up the pretense, but his legs didn’t feel like untying themselves, and his arms were shuddering from all the tension he’d been holding in them.

Kakarot came at him and Vegeta… dodged and darted behind him, slamming him in the back. The other Saiyan obviously hadn’t been expecting Vegeta to do that, so he coughed and sputtered in shock for a few seconds.

Vegeta hadn’t been expecting himself to do that, either. He’d been TELLING himself to let Kakarot slap him down, but… His instincts kind of took over instead.

Kakarot flew over to him again, and this time Vegeta managed to restrain himself when the need to defeat Kakarot in this not-even-real battle tried to outweigh his need for relief. He allowed the hit, allowed himself to be knocked from his place in the sky and into the water.

The very… Icy… Cold… Freezing water…

“Told you I could get you!” Kakarot called. “At least the water should feel good, right? It’s hot out today, go ahead and relax for a second— I know you can do it!”

The encouragement wasn’t needed, however. The sudden shock of the frigid temperature was enough to make Vegeta’s bladder contract, and he only had to push into that for a few seconds to get himself to start emptying. The pain in his middle subsided, but the relief was short-lived as the water’s temperature increased dramatically and made it impossible for him to forget what he was doing— And on purpose!

It felt so weird, and disgusting… He was used to seeing and hearing his stream spray out— Being able to release his bladder silently may have been pleasing to him if it weren’t for how nauseating the rest of this was. And, why did this have to feel so good?! All the terseness in his lower abdomen was being untied, leaving him loose and free from the torment he’d been enduring.

Vegeta tried not to show any outward signs of what was happening. He refused to let himself sigh, refused to lower his shoulders, and bit the inside of his cheek to keep his expression blank. It felt idiotic, as Kakarot knew exactly what he was doing, but being obvious would make it too difficult for either of them to pretend that this hadn’t happened later.

And, of course it was taking forever… More and more kept leaking from him, and Kakarot was just… There…

“That’s good, Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “Stay in there and… Cool yourself off for a couple minutes.”

Vegeta shut his eyes so that he could try to ignore what he was doing, but the slow easing of the pressure in his body, together with the warmth around him, made that impossible. Instead, he tried to just force himself to finish faster.

Once that finally happened, and he felt drained, Vegeta swam around a little bit, trying to feel less like… Less like he was covered in his own bodily fluids…

He flew back out, quickly charging his chi to dry himself.

“Was that… Um… Refreshing?” Kakarot asked.

“Sh—Shut up…” Vegeta mumbled. “I want to go home.”

Kakarot scanned Vegeta’s body, and FINALLY Vegeta relaxed; Kakarot was checking to make sure that he’d actually urinated, which meant he must not have been obvious about it. “… When we get there, I’ll give you another massage, since the first one got kinda ruined.”

Vegeta surprised himself by not protesting.

*043*2024-08-22 22:13

Goku was so proud of himself— He had actually managed to remember that his anniversary with Chi-Chi was today! He still didn’t understand why the date had to be so important, but she was going to be overjoyed that he hadn’t forgotten about it for once.

The bad news was that he didn’t remember until he’d gotten up that morning, meaning he didn’t actually have a gift for her, and she was probably going to yell at him anyway. But, he still had SOME time left to get her something.

Unfortunately, he didn’t really know WHAT to get her. He had no idea what made a good anniversary present. He just knew that he accidentally made Chi-Chi sad each year because he never remembered that he was supposed to get her something special. He actually had a chance this time, and he wouldn’t let himself waste it.

He ultimately decided that the best thing to do would be to ask Bulma for assistance. Bulma would have a better idea of what constituted a romantic gift. She agreed to go shopping with him, but the trip to the mall was taking much longer than Goku had anticipated. Bulma shot down every suggestion he made. Apparently, coupons for an all-you-can-eat buffet didn’t count as ‘romantic’.

“But, couples go out to eat together all the time,” Goku said.

“Buffets aren’t romantic— If you want to get her dinner as a gift, you need to choose a restaurant with a better atmosphere.”

“What’s that mean?”

“You know… Fancy. The kind of place where you need to get all dressed up.”

Goku shook his head. “Oh, THOSE places? No way, they always just bring you a tiny bit of food on a big plate, it’s mean.”

Bulma didn’t approve of his suggestion to buy Chi-Chi fighting gear, either.

“But, I proposed to her at the tournament,” Goku said. “So, shouldn’t this count as romantic?”

“Chi-Chi doesn’t really fight though, does she?” Bulma said. “She’ll never use it.”

“Oh…”

Then, Goku found a really funny looking fish at the pet store, and for some reason Bulma didn’t see any ‘romance’ in THAT, either!

“Heh, but look at this guy,” Goku said. “He has both eyes on one side of his head!”

Bulma sighed. “Yes, Goku… That doesn’t mean it’s a good anniversary present. Try to focus and be serious, okay?”

Goku had thought he WAS being serious. Who wouldn’t like that weird fish as a gift? Still, he tried to come up with something better. Before he could put much thought into that, however, the burbling water in the fish-tanks reminded him of something very important he’d neglected to do before leaving the house today. “Bulma?”

“Yes?” Bulma asked. “Do you have another idea?”

“No, I need to use the bathroom,” Goku said. “Can we find one now?”

Bulma sighed in exasperation. Shopping with Goku OR Vegeta was never an easy experience. Goku got overly excited by everything he saw and was constantly distracted. Vegeta got bored quickly and wanted to leave— Bulma could get him to endure a while longer if she picked the right outfits to try on, though.

At least Vegeta didn’t make frequent pleas for a bathroom break, though. Of course he didn’t, he’d rather die. That was one good thing about his problem, Bulma supposed, his bladder was used to long waits. Goku’s wasn’t, when he said he had to pee, there wasn’t much time left before it became urgent.

Then again, that certainly didn’t mean Vegeta was EASIER to deal with in these situations. At least Goku could pee wherever he wanted, the issue was simple to resolve. When Vegeta had an emergency it really WAS an emergency, with no easy way out.

“Alright, Goku,” Bulma said. “I’m sure there’s one around here somewhere.”

Bulma was wrong, Goku’s issue was NOT simple to resolve.

The first restroom they found was out of order. Goku groaned as he read the sign. Why now? His gaze shifted to the door for the women’s room. It wasn’t closed. He shrugged and started to reach for it.

“NO,” Bulma scolded.

Goku lowered his hand and looked at her, mostly so that he’d STOP looking at the signs on the bathroom doors. His body recognized them and knew what they meant, so his bladder was straining much harder to be let loose. “Why not?” He asked. “That one’s open.”

“I KNOW it’s open, Goku,” Bulma sighed. “But, you can’t use it, you KNOW that. We’ve gone through this over and over again ever since you were a kid.”

That was true, Bulma HAD told him several times growing up that he wasn’t allowed to follow her into the women’s bathroom, even if they both had to go and he thought it would be faster if they just went together. He’d never understood it, and he STILL didn’t. If he couldn’t pee in the men’s restroom right now, then he should have been able to use the other one. “But, why?”

“Because you could get in trouble, alright?” Bulma said. “It’s against the rules.”

It was a silly rule, though! Why should he have to keep holding it when there were working toilets right there? He shifted restlessly. “But—“

“We’ll find another one, okay?” Bulma said. “Come on.”

Goku gave one more glance to the women’s room door. Why did the color on the sign matter? He didn’t think it would ever make sense to him. He didn’t understand why it made sense to BULMA. There were lots of times he could recall where Bulma would have been more comfortable if she’d broken this rule. He’d seen Bulma have to wait in really long lines to use the women’s bathroom, when the men’s didn’t have a line at all. He had no idea why she always just stood there, squirming needfully, when she could just run straight to a toilet instead.

Apparently, Bulma thought HE needed to just wait and squirm now, too. He couldn’t stop thinking about how unfair that was. He’d been right there! Were the toilets in the women’s bathroom gonna explode if he peed in one?

Goku hoped that HE wouldn’t explode today. The pressure inside of him was really mounting, he silently scolded himself for not remembering to use the bathroom before heading out AGAIN. Why did he ALWAYS forget that? It happened every time he had to go somewhere like this; A place where just relieving himself on the ground or charging his chi to hide an accident wouldn’t be possible.

He walked with his thighs pressed together. He had no choice but to contain his urge until they found a suitable place for him to go. He hated the full, tingly feeling in his lower belly. It was so distracting, and his abdominal muscles kept clenching in response to each spasm, which only WORSENED his need rather than making it easier to endure.

“Oh, here we are,” Bulma said, and immediately Goku’s ears perked up.

“You found another bathroom?” He guessed. Phew, he wasn’t going to have to wait much longer after all!

Bulma shook her head. “No, but I think I’ve found a store Chi-Chi might like,” she said, gesturing to the one they were passing by. “She likes flowers— And flowers ARE a romantic gift.”

“Oh,” Goku said, trying not to let his disappointment show too blatantly. He’d nearly forgotten what they’d come here for in the first place. He still had to find something for Chi-Chi. “Can we come back later?” He asked. “I really have to—“

“Oh, hold on,” Bulma chided him, heading into the store. “This won’t take long.”

Goku worried at his lip. Now, he was remembering what shopping with Bulma could be like. He hadn’t done it since he was a little kid, so it had begun to slip from his mind, but as he followed her into the flower shop, it was ALL coming back to him.

Bulma could get rather single-minded when she was shopping, less aware of her surroundings, of how much time was passing, of the NEEDS of whoever was with her. There were times when he was little, where Bulma had lost herself while perusing a store, and no matter how frantically he tugged at her pant-legs and repeated “I have to go NOW, Bulma!” she continued to brush him off. “Be patient, Goku, we’ve only been here for a few minutes, you can wait.”

But, when Bulma was focused, what she THOUGHT was just a few minutes could be well over an hour in reality.

As an adult, at least he could wander off by himself without being scolded as much, he thought. He followed her into the store, and watched as she perused all the flowers and potted plants on display. “Do you know what Chi-Chi’s favorite flower is?”

Goku looked back at her, bewildered. Shifting his weight from side to side, he pondered the question. Did people HAVE favorite flowers? He thought all of them looked nice enough himself… He shook his head, feeling a sizzling twinge moving through his bladder, down his length. He barely managed to cross his legs in time to prevent a leak. “I dunno… Bulma, can we go look for a bathroom again now?”

“In just a minute, Goku,” Bulma said. “This won’t take long, and you don’t want to have to go looking for this store again, do you?”

Goku didn’t really care if they weren’t able to find their way back to this store. Besides, if his bladder was nice and empty, he shouldn’t have much trouble locating it again! His chi-sense would be fully functional, he’d just remember what the energy of the cashier here felt like!

Bulma was fully entranced now, though. She was checking over each plant, each pre-made bouquet, intent on finding the perfect one. Bulma could have such a narrow definition of ‘perfect’, this was going to take forever.

“I’m gonna go look on my own then, okay?” Goku said, he hitched his hips, still unable to keep both feet on the ground at the same time. He managed to step on Bulma’s toes, causing both of them to wince. But, he hoped that would remind her of how urgent his situation was getting.

“Goku, this is only gonna be a few more minutes,” Bulma said. “And, I’m gonna need YOUR input to pick the right one for YOUR wife.”

Goku had no idea which plant or collection of flowers would make Chi-Chi the happiest. They were ALL just fine in his eyes. Bulma was currently looking over a bunch of pots containing red flowers. Goku would have struggled to tell them apart under normal circumstances, but with the need to pee cancelling out all of his other thoughts, they looked more identical than ever.

“A—Any one of those should be fine,” Goku said. It felt like a tide was rising in his lower belly, the pressure moving higher and higher, so much liquid that he barely had room for anything else. At the same time, the awful heat of his need was surging downwards, pushing so tyrannically at his opening that—

A quick, damp squirt warmed the area between his legs. His ankles crossed and his hands quickly groped for his belt, loosening it just enough that he no longer felt like anything else was going to pump out of him. “J—Just pick one, Bulma. I need to go!”

“Oh, but Chi-Chi’s favorite color is purple, isn’t it?” Bulma asked. “We should get her purple flowers, not red ones.”

“Yeah, sure!” Goku nodded. He gave a cursory glance around the shop. He and Bulma weren’t the only customers in here, and he noticed one woman giving him an odd look as he trembled and squirmed. SHE could see how close to bursting he was, how was Bulma just glossing over it?! “Purple is good, too! Come on, I really, really need the bathroom!”

“I know you do,” Bulma said. “But, we’ve only been in here for ten minutes, we’re almost done, I promise.”

“I don’t know how much longer I can wait,” Goku said as he followed her to another display, this one containing pots that mainly held purple flowers. Every step made him feel like he was going to dribble and, by the time they reached the table, he had a hand pressed against himself. His bladder felt like it was twisting inside of him, like it TOO was squirming, and he had to keep wriggling fast enough to keep up with it. “Bulma, I’m gonna just—“

“Hold on, hold on,” Bulma sighed. “Which of these do you think she’d like best?”

Goku looked down at the pots, again they ALL looked just fine! What was he supposed to be judging them on? They were flowers, they smelled good, that was it… “That one,” he pointed to a random pot.

“Are you sure?” Bulma asked. “These look a little wilted… I don’t think they’ve been watering it enough.”

‘I could water it enough!’ Goku thought. He bounced in place, his grip on himself growing firmer. How much longer was this going to take?! Goku was going to burst if they didn’t leave in a few minutes! And, ah, he didn’t even know where the nearest bathroom was from here! Even once they’d exited the store, he’d still have to hold it, his bladder stretching and stretching until they finally found somewhere he could unload it. How long would THAT take?! He’d burst!

The cashier came over to them. For a second, Goku hoped he was about to say something like “Hello, ma’am, your friend seems to be having an emergency, you should let him leave for a moment.” But, he made no comment on Goku’s obvious desperation, instead asking Bulma if she wanted information on how to take care of each of the plants.

‘No, no you don’t,’ Goku begged silently. ‘Chi-Chi and me are gonna be the ones taking care of it, remember?’

But, Bulma nodded. And the man started going over how much sunlight each one needed, how much watering… Ohh, why did he have to talk so much about the watering? Goku couldn’t stop picturing it, the slow cascade of liquid pattering into the soil, the trickling sound, the—

He couldn’t take it anymore! He could feel more little drops soaking out into his clothing. Bulma was distracted, he just— He had to go SO bad! He hobbled off as fast as he could manage it.

Bulma spoke with the cashier for a few more seconds and turned to reach for the plant Goku had chosen, when her blood ran cold and she was inundated with a flood of memories.

The first night after Bulma met Goku, the two of them had stayed in one of her small capsule homes. And, it was frustrating. Goku couldn’t understand anything he was seeing. He was frightened by simple concepts like ‘lights’ and ‘televisions’. Bulma made the awful discovery that he’d never used soap before in his life and didn’t know how to properly wash himself, so she’d had to do it FOR him, which was exhausting. The realization that his tail wasn’t a weird accessory he chose to put on, but an actual part of his body, freaked her out so much that she just wanted to go to bed.

But, Goku was way too full of energy for that. He wanted to keep exploring the house, and Bulma didn’t want to just go to sleep while he had free reign over everything. Who knew what kind of mess he’d make.

Energy wasn’t the only thing Goku was full of, though. And he had to make THAT Bulma’s problem, too.

Goku had been sitting on the sofa for a while, excited by how much softer it was when compared to leaves and rocks. But, then he suddenly shot to his feet, biting his lip. “Uh-oh…”

Bulma stiffened. Whatever this was, she doubted it would be pleasant. “Uh-oh? What do you mean?”

Goku paced through the house once again, and Bulma followed after him, watching him become increasingly restless. Finally, Goku turned around with a panicked expression. “Hey, Bulma? How come there aren’t any trees in here?”

Bulma sighed. “Well, that’s because this isn’t a forest. Houses aren’t supposed to have trees in them.”

Goku’s anxious look didn’t fade. In fact, he looked even more worried. “Oh…” He returned to the couch and sat back down, his legs wriggling restlessly and his tail thumping against the material.

Bulma fought back a shudder watching his tail move around like that. Why did he have a tail?! Had he been right earlier, when he’d insisted ALL boys had them? Bulma was going to have to re-think her wish for a boyfriend, in that case. She’d never be able to get past the ‘tail’ thing with anyone.

Goku’s legs crossed and his voice shook as he asked; “If there’s no trees inside, what do you do when you need one?”

‘Need’ one? What was he on about? He’d spent his entire life in the woods, maybe he couldn’t feel at home without a bit of nature nearby? “Um, well, we don’t usually have trees indoors. But, sometimes we have potted plants, which are like tiny trees…”

Goku nodded. “Oh, okay.” His tail smacked itself against the couch a few more times, his ankles rubbing. “Is there one here?”

Bulma nodded and gestured to a small potted plant resting on the windowsill. “Yeah, right over there.”

Goku turned to look at it, sighing slightly as some of the tension left his features. He stood from the couch, hopping lightly a few times before dashing over to the potted plant.

Bulma watched, a little amused by his curiosity. It was almost cute. “You like it? I know it’s not as big as a tree, but it’s still nice, right?”

Goku picked up the potted plant, swaying his weight from one foot to the other, eyebrows furrowing as he examined it. “It’s kinda small,” he said.

“Yeah, it’s not something you can climb,” Bulma said. “But, a whole tree wouldn’t fit in here, would it?”

Goku looked around. “Guess not… But, this little one looks harder to use.”

Bulma raised a brow. “Harder to use?” She repeated. “What do you mean?”

Goku continued to jiggle around as he placed the plant down on the floor. “Well, ‘cause it’s so little,” he said. “But, I guess it’ll work.” And with that, his hands moved up to begin untying his belt.

Bulma’s eyes blew wide open. “What— What are you doing?!” She exclaimed, watching in horror as he started to lower his pants. She shot up from the couch and sprinted over to him, grasping one of his arms. “Hey! No! DON’T do that!”

Goku winced and whimpered as he pulled his pants back up. His legs immediately crossed together. “But—“

“No ‘buts’, Goku!” Bulma scolded, hands on her hips, her cheeks flushed red with embarrassment.

“But— But, you said that this is what you do if you need a tree when you’re inside!” Goku complained, now bouncing on his heels.

“That’s not what I meant! I didn’t say you could go to the bathroom on my plant!”

Goku frowned, his squirming becoming even more fretful by the second. “What’s a bathroom?”

“That’s where we were earlier when I was giving you your bath,” Bulma said.

“I was supposed to go back then?!” Goku asked.

“NO! You don’t pee in the tub, EITHER!” Bulma groaned. “Ugh, come on… Just hold it in for a couple more minutes.” She gripped his wrist and started to drag him back into the bathroom. She sped down the hallway with him, doubtful of his ability to wait much longer. He just wouldn’t stop whimpering. She hastily opened the door to the restroom and took him inside before pointing to the toilet. “HERE, this is where you go.”

Goku simply stood there, squirming away as he looked at the toilet, confusion evident on his face.

Bulma sighed, exasperated. Of course, Goku had no idea of how to use a toilet… Wanting him to have as little chance of making a mess as possible, she told him; “Just pull down your pants and sit here, alright? Then you can pee.”

Goku nodded, starting to drop his pants again.

“At least wait for me to leave!” Bulma exclaimed, but then thought better of it. Perhaps she SHOULD stay, just to make sure he didn’t find some way to screw this up.

Goku got onto the toilet seat and didn’t even hesitate to start peeing, like the fact that she was RIGHT there meant absolutely nothing to him. He smiled and sighed loudly. Bulma relaxed as well, grateful that he wasn’t making a mess.

Goku finished and hopped back down, re-tying his belt. “Much better!”

Bulma nodded. “There. Now, when you need to pee and you’re indoors, you’re supposed to find a bathroom, alright? No going on potted plants, or anything else. This is the ONLY place you’re allowed to pee if you’re inside.” She hoped this would sink in for him, and that she wouldn’t have to REPEAT the lesson too many times.

She’d never thought she’d have to correct him again NOW as an adult. “GOKU!” Bulma snapped, storming over to him and the potted plant he’d set on the floor at his feet.

Goku froze, letting go of his belt and turning to face her sheepishly. His legs pressed close together as he replied. “Y—Yeah?”

“You’d better not be doing what I THINK you’re doing!”

Goku’s knees resumed their urgent rubbing. “Um… Bulma… It’s an emergency. I kept telling you…”

“That— That doesn’t mean you can just— There are PEOPLE here, Goku!” Bulma spluttered, her face reddening with embarrassment as he realized the other customers were, in fact, staring at her and Goku. “What were you thinking?!”

He hadn’t been thinking. Not really… The only thing on his mind had been the need for relief, he didn’t care how he got it. He’d just grabbed the closest thing he’d thought could grant it to him. “I… I just—“

Bulma groaned. “Did I lose track of time again?”

Goku nodded. It felt like they’d been in here for hours, gallons upon gallons being dumped into his bladder the entire time.

“I’m sorry,” Bulma said. “I thought it had only been a couple minutes… I’ll buy the plant, okay? You go find a bathroom.”

Goku nodded again, much more eagerly. He hurried out of the store and back into the main area of the mall. He didn’t even know where to start looking, though! And, his whole body felt like it was full of liquid, his brain was drowning. He couldn’t keep a single thought in his head for longer than a second. Another droplet of pee tickled his inner thigh, and his grip on himself tightened.

He wasn’t going to locate a restroom in time. If he had SOME inkling of where the closest one was, he might have had a slight chance of reaching it before he exploded. As it was, he knew he was going to have an accident long before he got near a toilet.

This wasn’t going to work!

He needed to…

Wait. Duh. He could teleport!

He just hoped he’d be able to lock onto someone’s chi in this state. He searched for Chi-Chi’s first, knowing that it would get him home. But, he couldn’t feel her energy at all. He could kind of sense Goten’s, but couldn’t concentrate on it long enough. Gohan was at school, and Goku would likely be in trouble if he appeared in the middle of his classroom. He’d already been yelled at once today, he didn’t want to go through that again.

He could sense Vegeta. He could always sense Vegeta, his energy was familiar, strong, and seldom ever suppressed. He latched onto it, and made sure that it didn’t feel looser or floatier than usual, an indication that Vegeta needed to be left alone. It was dense and fluctuating, the way it typically felt. There was no reason that Goku couldn’t go to him now.

Shakily, he released one hand from his crotch and placed it against his forehead. ‘Please, please let this work…’ he thought. He tensed his thighs, preparing for the disorienting sensation that always accompanied Instant Transmission. It was happening, he could feel the world shifting, he could—

“KAKAROT!”

Goku had anticipated the startled yell.

He hadn’t anticipated everything that came with it.

He was right, Vegeta wasn’t doing anything private. But, that didn’t mean coming here had been a good idea.

Vegeta was in his gravity chamber, the machine turned on.

Goku was used to there being a small, momentary increase in the pressure in his bladder whenever he teleported. He was not used to that change being THIS massive. It felt like a vice had been clamped around his mid-section, squeezing and squeezing away at him, like trying to force juice out of a lemon. He stumbled as the higher gravity pushed down on him, and it felt like all of his body weight was being mashed into his bladder. His palms started to feel extremely wet, and they only got damper the harder he squeezed.

“Kakarot, what do you wa— Wait, are you—“

“S—Sorry, Vegeta!” Goku spluttered, unable to do anything else. It was impossible to stop peeing now that he’d started to go so forcefully. Even as the rest of his body adjusted itself to the increased gravity, his bladder couldn’t. It was still being crushed, the liquid being shoved out of it so hard that he could feel it deflating. It… It was such a relief… It wasn’t supposed to be, he knew that! But, he couldn’t help it! He’d needed this so badly, he didn’t CARE if he was wetting himself, so long as he finally got to go!

It was spilling down his legs, puddling onto the floor, and he held back a sigh because he was fully aware of how angry Vegeta was going to be now. It didn’t matter that the floor in here would be easy to clean off, this was VEGETA’S favorite place. Goku fully expected to hear the other Saiyan ranting about it being ‘soiled with Kakarot’s urine’ for months to come. No matter how hard Goku worked to mop everything up, Vegeta would INSIST the room still smelled. He was going to be FURIOUS. As the relief continued to flood his synapses, Goku kept apologizing. “I didn’t mean to! I REALLY had to go, and the gravity got me, I’m sorry!”

Vegeta took a couple of steps back as Kakarot’s puddle spread. He grimaced. All over the fucking place… Damned idiot… “Did you come here just to piss on my floor?!”

“N—No!” Goku whined. “Of course not!” A small twinge of embarrassment managed to work its way into him. Arguing with Vegeta while he was still actively flooding himself with no end in sight was awkward even to him. “I d—didn’t mean to! I couldn’t find a bathroom, s—so I came here to use yours, a—and I didn’t know you were gonna be in h—“

“Where ELSE would I be, Kakarot?” Vegeta huffed. He turned away, he didn’t want to continue watching as Kakarot… Released like that. That clown may not have cared about being observed during what were SUPPOSED to be private moments, but Vegeta felt embarrassed just witnessing this. And, wasn’t he ever going to finish? Kakarot had such a small bladder compared to Vegeta’s own, he couldn’t believe he hadn’t drained himself dry yet.

Stupid… He KNEW Vegeta spent most of his time in here. And, ugh, having a full bladder while the gravity machine was turned on hurt SO bad. It must have been even worse for someone to experience it when they hadn’t been expecting it. At least, when Vegeta’s bladder got smashed in here, he was always aware that it was coming. No wonder it had made Kakarot burst, that would have been quite a shock to his already desperate system.

Not that Vegeta cared. The fool was soiling his gravity chamber!

And, apologizing… A lot… Basically begging for forgiveness…

Vegeta heard Kakarot’s stream finish hissing and reluctantly turned around, just in time to see Kakarot’s shoulders slump slightly and a very quiet sigh fall from his parted lips. Seriously?! He was acting like that had felt GOOD. So, the ONLY problem he had with what he’d just done was the damage left on Vegeta’s floor?! Beyond that, he didn’t CARE that he’d drenched himself in front of his rival?! “S…Sorry,” Kakarot said again.

“… You’re mopping it up,” Vegeta groaned.

Goku perked up a little. Vegeta wasn’t shouting at him, at least. That was a good sign. “Y—Yeah, of course I will!” He started for the door, and Vegeta finally DID shout.

“KAKAROT, you idiot!”

Goku froze. “What…?”

“For fuck’s sake, dry yourself off with your chi before you leave,” Vegeta scolded. “You don’t want anyone ELSE seeing that, do you?!”

“Oh, right!” Goku said, beginning to charge his energy a little. “That would have been embarrassing. Thanks for looking out for me, buddy!”

“I’m not looking out for you!” Vegeta growled. “I just don’t need you disgracing the Saiyan race any more than you already have!”

***

Around half an hour later, Goku appeared in front of Bulma, startling her as usual. “Goku— Cut that OUT!” She quickly checked their surroundings, relieved that no one else seemed to be present in this area of the mall. “You can’t just DO that, alright? If anybody had been around to notice, they would have gotten really freaked out.”

“Oh, yeah…” Goku said. “Um, I’ll try to remember that better… Did you get Chi-Chi her flowers?”

Bulma nodded down to the plant in her grasp. “Yes… I guess you finally made it to a bathroom?”

“Well, um… Almost, anyway.”

“And what’s THAT supposed to mean?!”

“It’s fine!” Goku insisted. “Don’t worry about it!”

“You saying that just makes me worry more.”

