Hololive - A Queen's Duty

Author: stayhydrated

*000*2024-09-06 21:28

Hello, it's been a while.

Been having second thoughts about posting more omo art online as i feel like i haven't made it distinct enough from my regular art outside this embarrassing kink of mine.

However i still wanted to make a piece of one of my favorite members from the new holojustice group; elizabeth rose bloodflame. so i made a fanfic instead.

Keep in mind that this is not intended to be reflective of the actual talents personality-wise, nor am i being 100% authentic to their lore. this is a self-indulgent fic first and foremost.

With all that being said, please enjoy.

###

Another day, another relentless search for the notorious prison escapees known as Advent. Their manhunt has lead them to the Far East, a place not too dissimilar to Japan in our realm.

For a fierce harbinger of order and leader of Justice, Elizabeth Rose Bloodflame had no time for petty distractions...though a can of melon-flavored fizzy pop at a local convenience store wouldn't hurt, especially after hours of gathering leads and interviewing witnesses.

The rest of her group had just came from using the restroom feeling rather relieved after holding it in for who knows how long, with Raora shamefully admitting that she had leaked a bit in her panties as she was waiting for her turn. Who knew the automaton would take much longer to pee than the gremlin?

Liz thought of herself as having an iron bladder, she had been trained and disciplined to hold off nature's call for extended periods of time while on duty.

To her, wetting oneself even in the most dire of situations was a sign of weakness; something she had been conditioned to avoid at all costs.

What would happen next would put her "Iron Bladder" status in check.

Evening rolled around, the sun was on its way out for the day, but the capital city of the Far East was far from winding down with constant streams of brisk commuters and bumbling tourists flooding the streets. Justice wouldn't be deterred from all this commotion however, as they were confident that the Advent girls would be just within their reach.

The fugitives were spotted leaving some kind of studio, vocally exhausted having just recorded songs for an entire day.

From what Justice had gathered, the girls of Advent apparently became idols at a local talent agency for a while now. The agency seemed very popular, reaching a global audience even; but somehow the team had never heard about it until just recently.

Liz assumed this was Advent's way of shaking off their devious past, a front for whatever horrible scheme they were plotting. Of course, these were only assumptions.

She ordered the rest of her team to keep a low profile while following them...at least for a group of girls who wore flashy and colorful clothing. Advent in contrast wore mostly monotone outfits, yet still quite flashy.

The plan was to wait for the perfect time to capture them, which ideally would be whenever the fugitives decide settle down at a quiet spot away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Elizabeth was determined to wait for as long as needed.

Unfortunately, this was where Liz's hubris would get the better of her...

The sweet and fizzy melon-flavored drink from earlier had come back to say hi in its own special way, and her bladder was yearning for the loo. She would subconsciously fidget and subtly cross her legs while the rest of the group wasn't looking, her face bared a tense expression.

The more pragmatic and uptight side of her wasn't keen on losing sight of the Advent girls over a natural bodily function however; she had a mission to accomplish, and she was going to get it done as soon as possible while keeping her dignity fully intact.

She started to become less tolerant for tomfoolery as time went on, angrily whispering at anyone who she felt was getting distracted (Raora especially with her affinity for crane machine games, which had cost her an opportunity to capture the demon dog duo Fuwamoco before).

To the Scarlet Queen's dismay, a crosswalk stood in between them and their targets, bugger...

Advent had already crossed the street just as the signal was getting ready to change to red.

What seemed like a minute or so of waiting felt like a lifetime for the red-haired warrior; not only was she trying to not lose sight of their targets, but she was also trying not to wet herself like a pathetic squire.

Shifting her legs in place, she hoped that no one around her would about her personal predicament.

Unfortunately Gigi did notice this and whispered to her...

"Liz? Are you-"

"I'm fine." the Great Exardian stammered, cutting off the gremlin.

The gremlin was hushed, but she couldn't contain her concern for the group's leader. A feeling that the other two were starting to share as well.

As the pedestrian signal turned green, Elizabeth shot straight through the crowd. The other members followed, struggling to keep up with her for a bit even.

Raora was quick to use her "God Eyes" power; she could get a good sense of where their targets went, but her ability had its limits. They needed to maintain their haste.

The Advent girls were headed to a subway, and it was busy as ever at this time.

Justice promptly followed them down the station, darting past the commuters who weren't as much in a hurry through the open left side of the escalator.

"You have your passes ready?" the leader addressed her team.

The rest raised their passes in confirmation, they weren't going to fumble with the gates and hold up commuters in this busy time.

With so much on her mind though, Elizabeth struggled to get her subway pass ready. Her legs pointed inward, clearly showing how bad her situation had gotten. It felt like every single muscle in her body was fixed on saving her dignity, all while trying find what belt pouch she kept her pass in.

A noble like her struggling with such a simple task while barely being able to hold in her wee? This is pathetic!

Whether she came home in pee-soaked underwear or not, it didn't matter anymore; she was still going to have something to be ashamed about by the end of this.

The rest of Justice scooched over to the other gates to slot their passes into while an agitated Elizabeth was still reaching for hers. They could tell something clearly wasn't right with their leader.

By the time she finally got through, the group hurried down another escalator down to the platforms, catching sight of Advent already boarding a train.

Both Justice and Advent had managed to cram into a very crowded train during rush hour, quite a miracle one would say.

As they'll be on the train for as long as Advent was there, Liz's fellow members took this time to ask her about the situation of things.

"Elizabeth, wh-what's going on?" a concerned Raora asked her quietly.

"I said I'm fine." the red head grumbled.

"This isn't like you Liz, you're always calm and composed." Gigi says.

"Just tell us what's wrong, we can't function as a team properly if you're just gonna keep things to yourself; especially as a leader." Cici added, trying to assure her that the group was willing to hear her out.

Liz was put on the spot, she had no choice but to admit it now.

She drew a sharp breath, and begrudgingly answered...

"I...I-I have to use the loo."

She could feel herself dying having just said it, especially in a crowded train. Liz clutched herself with her left hand while her other hand held onto a hoop to maintain her balance on the moving train.

The other members were doing their very best to stifle their laughter, especially since they themselves had to go pretty badly not too long ago.

"Sorry Liz, I mean this in the nicest way possible but...why didn't you tell us earlier?" Raora asked.

"Isn't it obvious? We have a group of criminals on the loose, and I'm not letting anything else stop us from carrying out this mission!"

"I mean...you could just try to find a secluded spot to squat or something." Cici suggested.

"I tried doing that myself once, a stray dog ended up chasing me with my pants down." Gigi said, trying to lighten the mood.

Liz was having none of that. She's a noble warrior for goodness sake! She has standards! Also she was definitely sure the Far East didn't take it kindly to people peeing in public anyway.

A few stops later, the Advent girls were getting ready to drop off. Justice had their eager eyes on them, waiting for them to get off as the doors opened.

Liz's battle with her bladder was taking a toll on her, but she has been through much more pain than this. She still believed that she could hold it-

*drip*

Curses! A small leak escaped into her underwear!

This was getting bad, really bad. She was on the verge of losing it.

It was either she admitted defeat to nature's call and rush to the nearest restroom, or wet herself trying to capture Advent. No in-betweens.

She felt that this was a predicament that could have very much been avoided.

She groaned under her breath, it almost felt like a life-or-death situation to her.

Coming out of the subway station, Advent was headed to a rather calm spot with the view of the Spectrum Bridge as the backdrop (this realm's version of the Rainbow Bridge). It was quite the glorious view, even a hardened warrior like Elizabeth could enjoy it...at least on an empty bladder.

Despite her desperate situation, she sensed the perfect opportunity to strike Advent when they least expected it.

This was it, the great fearsome Elizabeth Rose Bloodflame could still get this done before the dam busts open.

Her fellow members meanwhile were worried about her and her potty panic more than the actual mission.

As Advent settled down and were admiring the view of the bridge, Justice rushed to them seemingly out of nowhere.

Elizabeth attempted to come in with a bold entrance, summoning her comically-sized sword, thrusting it against the ground, all while struggling with her bladder control.

"HOLD IT RIGHT THERE I-IN THE NAME OF J-JUSTICE! WE FIN-FINALLY HA...haaaaa..."

She was cut off with a sudden gush of wee, completely soaking through her underwear and running down her legs. The Scarlet Queen still insisted on completing her spiel despite having screwed it up already.

"...have...y-you...c-co...cornered." she ended on a whimper. Her face was flushed, tears streaked down from her eyes.

With her hands still gripping the massive sword upfront; Elizabeth dropped her head down in shame, her body doubled over, legs clenched and buckled inward.

The fiery aura surrounding her died out quickly, as if on cue.

Wee trickled fast down her legs, staining her long right sock in a slight tinge of yellow and pooling in a pitiful puddle beneath her heeled shoes. The front of her tight black skirt caught some of the wee as well, having been caught between her thighs.

Elizabeth could be heard sniffling, now trying to stop herself from crying from both the gratifying relief and the utter embarrassment one could have from wetting themselves.

Both Liz's team mates and Advent couldn't stop and stare at her and her disgraceful accident.

For Advent, they'd just make a run for it; but they were tired of being on the run for so long, and this talent agency that took them in had been treating them well. They thought they'd take this as an opportunity to settle their differences (and perhaps get their would-be captors to join them instead).

For the rest of Justice, they knew this was coming but were still in shock of what had happened. Elizabeth had never shown this much weakness and vulnerability before them or anyone else for that matter.

One of the members of Advent, a demonic bird lady by the name of Nerissa Ravencroft, approached Elizabeth to comfort her; despite the fact that they were on opposite sides of the law.

"Hiya darling, are you alright?" she asked as she laid her hand on Liz's hardened shoulder while suspiciously crossing her own legs.

"What does it look like...vile criminal?"

"Now now, it happens to the best of us."

Unbelievable...the demon with a voice supposedly powerful enough to end the world trying to comfort the Scarlet Queen, the harbinger of order and leader of Justice; Elizabeth Rose Bloodflame? Was she foolish enough to dare play with fire?

She must be dreaming, ready to wake up in soaked bed sheets.

Before Liz could muster even a single word, Nerissa was about to do something no one would've ever seen coming...

"Here, let me just..."

She had spread her legs, and deliberately wet herself.

"...aaaaahhhhh~"

It appeared that the devilish diva had been holding it in all evening as well, all the water she drank in the recording booth had caught up to her.

Wee trickled down her legs, her asymmetrical skin tight boots thoroughly soaked. The puddle beneath her slowly merged with Liz's.

"Rissa? Did you just...?" Shiori the ditzy goth girl said.

"This is got a bit weird." Cici remarked.

Two tall ladies standing in their own wee...

One crippled by shame and guilt, unable to process what had just happened. The other simply trying to comfort someone having a rough day, while also using this as an opportunity to break the cycle.

"Does this make you feel less ashamed?" Rissa asked the Scarlet Queen.

Elizabeth struggled to come up with a concrete answer.

"Accidents happen, but that doesn't make you any less of a person." the diva continued to comfort a warrior still struggling to regain her composure.

"You don't understand, I'm supposed to be an upstanding peacekeeping warrior who keeps the world safe from criminals like yourself. I can't let myself be seen like this."

"So what? We're still human at the end of the day. It doesn't matter what side of the law you're on."

Liz scoffed, but decided to let her continue.

"And besides, I'm sure I speak on behalf on Advent when I say this; but we're tired of being mislabeled as criminals."

"Criminals who think they're not criminals, where have I heard that one before?"

"I'm serious, we're just a bunch of girls trying to express ourselves and find our place in this world, do we look like we're running around robbing banks and setting things on fire?"

"Rissa did almost burn our kitchen down trying to make hot pot once..." Fuwawa interjected, Mococo shook her head feeling secondhand embarrassment from her busty twin.

Koseki "Biboo" Bijou just giggled like a squeegee.

The demon bird lady simply brushed it off, trying to not derail things further off-track.

"What I'm saying is, we don't have to keep going on like this. You don't have to keep chasing us down, trying to maintain this image of a fearsome harbinger of justice or whatever. You could be doing something else that truly reflects who you are."

Elizabeth raised her head at the diva, getting a good close look at that devilish face that she had seen so many times in a mugshot.

Seeing a person's face in the flesh really does hit different than in a mere picture on a criminal record. Could it be just her demonic charms or was she really that good looking?

Oh whatever, she was more than eager to get out of her icky pee-soaked garments at this point.

"I guess you're right, this has dragged on for too long." Liz admitted.

"Perhaps you guys could even try your luck in the auditions for the upcoming Hololive English generation, especially with a lovely voice like yours~"

Wait...how did she know that? Were they being watched by Advent as well? This had to be the work of that mysterious goth girl archiver.

Though the idea suddenly hit her, maybe she could still keep tabs on them by joining whatever this agency is they're now part of. Maybe even get to know a bit more about Rissa in-person too.

"I'll...consider it." the Scarlet Queen sheepishly says, feeling a bit unsure but still very much open to the idea of a new venture. This whole "noble warrior" thing felt like it was getting old and was only going to make her look more of a fool in the long run.

"Great! Hopefully we'll be seeing each other again on better terms." Rissa winked.

"We'll see."

"I guess we'd better get going now, gotta get myself all cleaned up after all this anyway."

The Advent girls went on their merry way, one could vaguely hear the goth girl saying she needed to pee pretty badly as well.

Liz turned to her fellow members.

"We never speak of this...little accident...ever again, do I make myself clear?"

The three others nodded in response.

Perhaps this will be a new beginning for the Justice unit...

...but first, a quick shower and change of clothing was in order for the Scarlet Queen. She couldn't bear the scent of pee any longer.


