An innocent autocomplete suggestion

Author: satyr

*000*2016-09-21 16:44

Written for Ranpalan's prompt:

{{On 20.9.2016 at 1:23 AM, Ranpalan said:

A geeky girl has a crush on a geeky guy. She finds out he's into omo, and decides to use it to seduce him. She comes up with an excuse for them to do something together (e.g. asks him for homework help) and drinks a lot while they're together, intentionally getting desperate and trying to subtly show it off to him. I'm imagining this as cute and heartwarming and endearing.

}}

I liked the idea, so I ran with it. I ended up putting in some sexual content, but it's not too graphic, and I think it's still "cute and heartwarming and endearing," if I do say so myself.

It had started a couple weeks ago. Allie had borrowed his laptop to look something up in class, and accidentally found something called “Omorashi” in his search history. Jacob always shared the latest anime and manga series with her, so she was curious what new gem he was hiding from her. It sounded very Japanese, so she took a look at omorashi.org. What she found shocked her. It wasn't an anime series—there were pictures and videos and stories about girls peeing their pants! She had no idea Jacob was into something so kinky and weird. He had his big nerd glasses and lanky frame, and his interests were totally geeky: anime and manga, Chess, e-sports.

But apparently he was also secretly a huge pervert. Allie had been crushing on him for months, ever since he walked up to her on campus and made a remark about the manga she'd been reading. Now she didn't know what to think. Strangely, the idea, repulsive as it seemed at first, grew on her. It wasn't something she would ever do for fun, but maybe, just maybe it was the thing she needed to get his attention. She'd tried everything short of actually asking him out: preening her hair, accidentally brushing her arm against his, giving him what she thought passed for flirty looks. But he was completely oblivious.

She really ought to just ask him out, but she was too scared he'd reject her. In her fantasies, the man always took the first step. She wanted to be swept off her feet. And she was, just not in the way she'd imagined.

One night, she texted him and asked him if they could study together. It was already 10:30, but he was a night owl, just like her. It wasn't unusual for them to text late into the night. He texted her back and said he was too lazy to go anywhere, but she could come on over to his little apartment. She'd never been there before—in fact, the only times Allie had ever been alone with a boy in his apartment was with her ex boyfriend. She put on what she hoped was a seductive outfit: short schoolgirl skirt, knee-high socks, and a white blouse.

“Wow, I didn't know you were into cosplay!” Jacob said when she arrived. “You look really nice.” And then he blushed and caught himself: “I mean, the outfit. It looks really… I mean to say it's a nice outfit.” The way he stammered and blushed as he said it gave Allie hope that maybe he really was into her. Or else he really wasn't, and was embarrassed to have implied as much. But she had to look on the bright side.

Allie had prepared well. She'd been drinking steadily all night, and as she walked on over, the chilly fall air jolted her bladder to life. She definitely needed to pee. Under any other circumstances, she would have gone to the bathroom the second she arrived, if not before.

But Allie had decided that she'd had enough of being a nice girl. A cute girl. She wanted to be sexy. She wanted to be hot. She wanted to be naughty.

“It's not cosplay...” She said. “I just threw on whatever I found.” She tried to play it casually, but her blushing and the sweat on her brow implied otherwise.

“Oh,” he just said. “Hey, you forgot your textbook!”

She had. Allie had been in the bathroom doing her hair and makeup for close to an hour, never quite getting it right, and then she forgot the most important accessory of all!

“It's cool, I've got mine here. What was it you wanted to study, Intro to Biology?”

She nodded. He grabbed a chair and motioned for her to sit beside him. Allie was glad for it. Standing up, her bladder was sending steady pulses to her brain, screaming for release. She crossed her legs for a second and bent down, but stopped short of actually grabbing herself between the legs. That would be a last resort. If Jacob didn't get the hint, she'd have to bring out the big guns, but the thought made her so blushy she hoped she wouldn't need to.

“You okay there?” Jacob asked.

“Yeah, I'm fine, just a little cold,” Allie said.

“Want a blanket?”

“No, no.” That would cover up her desperate movements, and she wanted him to see her squirm. For the next hour, they went through two chapters of the textbook, as Allie got increasingly desperate. She danced in place on the chair, but Jacob remained oblivious. Goddamn it!

Suddenly, a big wave of pressure hit her, and Allie felt a small trickle escape into her panties. Without thinking, she shot up out of the chair and shoved her hands between her legs. Even though she wanted to give Jacob a show, she didn't intend to actually wet herself. Maybe if she'd brought a change of clothes, she might actually go through with it, but she couldn't do that. Who brings a change of clothes to a study session?

Allie bent over, giving Jacob a good look at her modest cleavage, as she massaged herself and hoped it would be enough to stem the flow.

“Uh,” Jacob said. “If you need the bathroom, it's right over there.”

Allie noticed to her horror that there was a tiny puddle on the chair she'd sat on. She couldn't delay it any longer: she needed to be pee. “Oh, okay,” she said, and walked over to the bathroom. She sat down and began peeing almost before she had her panties down. And it felt nice. Releasing all that pent-up pee was almost as good as an orgasm. Not that she'd had many of those. Her ex hadn't been a great lover, so she had become good friends with her right hand.

Once she no longer needed to pee, she realized how tired she was. She'd been up at six to get ready for a morning lecture, and now it was past midnight. “Uh, sorry to impose on you, but d'you think I could maybe crash on your couch tonight? I'm really sleepy and it's a long walk across campus,” Allie said.

“Sure,” Jacob said. “Do you want to…?”

“Yeah, I think we'll have to call it a night.”

He nodded, then fetched a blanket for her. “Good night, Allie,” he said, and turned out the lights.

Goddammit, Allie thought. It didn't work. Now she was certain Jacob wasn't interested. She'd gone all out, schoolgirl outfit, squirming and wiggling her bum and pressing her hands between her legs, just like the pictures on omorashi.org. Apparently, she just wasn't as sexy as manga-style drawings of teenage girls.

Frustrated, she curled up on the couch and fell asleep.

Not long after, Allie woke up to an unfamiliar feeling. Wet and clammy and warm around her bum and nether regions. A feeling she hadn't felt since she was fourteen, and that was just a one-time thing. Allie had peed in her sleep. Apparently all that water had done a number on her. She was mortified. This wasn't supposed to happen! Her skirt was wet, her panties were wet, and the couch was soaked to the point of probably being unsalvageable. She'd ruined his couch! If he had been into her, it might have been the hottest thing ever, but since he wasn't, it was probably just a nuisance. Allie felt tears in her eyes. She didn't want to cry, but that didn't matter. She had to choke back a sob. This had turned out all wrong. Now she could never face her friend again!

Nevertheless, Allie was twenty-one years old. She had ruined his couch, and much as she wanted to sneak out and never see him again, she owed it to him to notify him in person, offer to pay for the damages. Hopefully he'd be a gentleman and decline, because there was no way she could afford a new couch, but she had to at least make the offer. It was the right thing to do.

Gingerly, she got off the soaked couch and, still crying, walked over to Jacob's bedroom door. She was about to knock, but stopped herself halfway through the motion. She had to steel herself. After a moment's inner pep talk, she gave three sharp knocks on the door. Allie heard the rustling of bedsheets inside, and then he was at the door. “What is it?” Jacob said. “Are you crying?”

It took him a while to adjust to the dim light illuminating her from inside his bedroom. She stood in a wedge of light, but there was no doubt about what she'd done. There was a big wet circle on the front of her skirt, and the upper part of her knee-highs were also noticeably wet.

“I ruined your couch!” Allie said. “I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry...”

Jacob did something she hadn't expected. He invited her in.

Allie stepped inside and he motioned for her to follow him to his bedside. Jacob sat on the bed, and then he pulled her into a hug. Allie continued crying softly against his shoulder. And then. Later, she would say that she didn't know what possessed her to do it, but she did. Allie grabbed his hand and moved it down her back, then held it against her wet bum. She felt him tense for a moment. To hell with caution: this was an all or nothing play. Gotta go big to win big, right?

They stood like that for a moment, and then, slowly, his hand woke to life. He unclasped his fingers from her grasp and began massaging her bum, over the wet fabric. Then he finally did what she'd hoped he would do ever since she first met him: he pulled her in for a kiss. A slow, sensuous kiss. She bit his lift softly, and he licked her lips and moved against them. They stood kissing for a while, how long she couldn't say. It was as if time stopped, although it was very much moving forward. His hands were roaming her back, first on top of her skirt, and then underneath it, directly against her wet panties.

Suddenly, without warning, Jacob put his hands beneath her butt cheeks and lifted her into bed. But he overshot his target. For a moment, Allie's body traced an arc above Jacob's head, like a wrestling move, and the suddenness of the movement caused her to squirt a little more pee into the soaked fabric. As if in slow motion, Allie saw herself approach the other side of the bed, and then pass it, and then the floor rushed up toward her and it all went black.

She didn't know how long she was out for, but when she came to, there were bright lights scorching her eyes, and she was in an unfamiliar bed. Her forehead throbbed with pain, and there was a bandage across the top of her head. Her skirt was gone, and her lower half was encased in a pair of hospital scrubs, commando underneath. Two blurry shapes in her vision resolved themselves into men. One was Jacob, sitting by the bedside with a concerned look on his face. The other stood by the end of her bed, dressed in a policeman's uniform.

“Sir, would you step outside for a moment,” the policeman said to Jacob. Eyes glued to the ground, he walked outside.

“Hey,” said the policeman. “Do you remember what happened?”

Slowly, things came back to her. “Yeah...” Allie began. “Yeah. We were… I mean, we were fooling around and I fell off the bed.”

“Miss, there's nothing to be afraid of. You don't have to cover for him,” the policeman said.

Cover for him? Surely he didn't think…? That Jacob had…?

“Miss, did that man hurt you?” The policeman prodded.

“No! No!” Allie said, exasperated. This was definitely not the sweeping off her feet she had envisioned. And now the police were involved?

“No! It happened like I said. It was an accident. Jacob would never hurt me. He's my boyfriend!”

She didn't know why she said that last bit, but it felt right.

“Your boyfriend?” The policeman said. “He told me you were a friend.”

“Well, he is,” Allie said. “And now, please, my head hurts. I don't need any more trouble tonight. I just want to go home and snuggle up with… With my boyfriend, please.”

“If you ever need any help,” the policeman said, and gave her a pamphlet. She looked at it after he'd gone. It was a pamphlet for a women's shelter, with a number to call for victims of domestic abuse. Allie threw it at the trash can, and missed. Women's shelter! The nerve!

Jacob came back in, accompanied by a nurse. “When can I get out of here?” Allie asked.

“Well, we'd like to keep you overnight for observation,” the nurse said.

“Please, I just want to go home.”

“Very well,” the nurse said. She was visibly frustrated. “One moment, I'll get a form for you to sign. But I really wouldn't recommend it. You've suffered a concussion.” She left in a huff.

“I told them it happened when you fell off the bed,” Jacob said. “The accident, I mean. They gave you those pants to wear. Don't worry, the nurse said it happens all the time when someone suffers trauma. She said she'd seen, what was it she said, tougher men than me pee their pants in an accident, and many women too.”

“Thanks for that,” Allie said, blushing. How many people had seen her in pee-soaked clothes tonight?

The nurse came back with the form and a plastic baggie with two painkillers in it. She signed it, then grabbed Jacob's hand, and together they walked out of the hospital. It was a short walk back to his apartment; the hospital was connected to the university campus.

Out there in the cold, wearing nothing underneath the flimsy hospital pants, with the wind tickling her belly through her blouse, Allie's bladder woke to life again.

“You know,” she said to Jacob, “I kind of need to pee again.”

“Can you make it home?” He asked, a tone of concern in his voice.

“I could,” Allie said. “But I could also have an accident.”

“Somebody needs to potty,” he teased. They were walking along a brick wall, and Jacob took her hands and gently guided her so that her back was against the wall. Then he leaned in and kissed her. Drank her in. They stood by the corner, probably around five in the morning, making out like teenagers crazy with love. What if anyone saw them? Allie didn't care. His hands roamed along her body, and hers along his. Then she let go. It was surprisingly easy to defeat her potty training. Probably her bladder was exhausted. Because of the way she was standing with her legs spread, and because there was no underwear to catch the flow, the pee ran in a straight line through her pants, splashing on the ground. She peed for close to a minute, and by the time she was done, they were both standing in a puddle.

“Come on, now,” Jacob said. “Let's get potty-pants out of the cold before she catches one.”

“Do you think the hospital wants its pants back?” Allie asked.

“I imagine not. Not after the soaking you put 'em through, anyway,” Jacob said.

Jacob led her into his bedroom.

“Do you think you'll be okay tonight?”

“I'm not a bedwetter!”

“Sure you aren't. You just soaked my couch, and then your pants on the same night.”

“It was on purpose! Well, the first one was a real accident. But that was only because I'd been holding it all night and loading up on water to get you to notice you. I accidentally found your search history a few weeks back, when you let me borrow your computer.”

“I figured. I saw someone had been on omorashi.org recently. I was mortified. I thought you'd think I was a freak, so I never said anything. I did notice your little show tonight, but I didn't make the connection. I deliberately chose not to make the connection, because I thought it'd seem pervy if you knew I enjoyed it. Figured you were just pee shy.”

Allie punched him in the arm. “You are so mean,” she said. “I might just ruin your bed too, just for that.”

“I actually have one of those bedwetting pads,” Jacob said. “Just in case you did have another accident.”

“You do? So do you, like...”

“Ninety percent of the time, I just like to watch. I don't wet the bed, really. But every once in a while I'll do a hold, because knowing what it feels like, feeling it on your own body, that makes the fantasy all the more real. I bought that thing on a whim one time when I was really horny, but I never used it. But if you want I can put it on the bed.”

“I'd like that,” Allie said.

While he was busy with the bed, Allie started unbuttoning her blouse. She'd foregone wearing a bra, hoping perhaps that Jacob would notice her erect nipples underneath her blouse. They were perky A cups, something that had always bothered her. She wanted a sexy bust, like some of her friends, but all she got was early puberty buds. Her ex seemed to like them, though. But she supposed all men were just programmed to play with boobies when they got the chance.

Jacob turned around, and his mouth fell agape.

“What?” Allie said. She instinctively covered up her chest. Her insecurities threatened to take over and send her into an anxiety attack.

“I just can't believe I'm about to see you naked,” Jacob said.

Allie's shoulders untensed. So he did like what he saw. She stuck out her tongue. “Who said I'd get naked with you?”

“Your pants are wet, and probably cold and clammy,” he pointed out. “You can borrow a pair of pajamas if you want, but I really hope you won't.”

Allie shimmied down her pants, wriggling her butt and almost shoving her tiny bust in Jacob's face. Then she stood there in front of him, naked as the day she was born, and as smooth and hairless as she'd been back then. Allie was a head shorter than Jacob, and though her chest was small, she made up for it with the smooth curve of her hips and the shape of her butt—at least she hoped she did.

“Wow,” Jacob said.

“Just so you know,” Allie said, “We won't be doing it tonight. It's not that I don't want to… I do. It's just, my head hurts.”

“Of course,” Jacob said. “Just one moment.” He disappeared, and then he came back holding a tall glass of orange juice and the two pills the nurse had given her. “You've peed so much I'm sure you're dehydrated. Here,” he said.

Allie gulped down the orange juice and swallowed the painkillers. “This is delicious,” she said. “What brand is it?”

“Freshly squeezed,” he said.

“Wow. I didn't know you made your own O.J.”

“Well, there's not much to it. You buy fresh oranges at the supermarket, peel them and press them.”

“You'll have to make me some more in the morning,” he said.

“I'm all out of oranges. But I'll make you bacon and eggs, if that interests you.”

“That sounds awesome.”

He helped her into bed, not lifting her off the ground this time.

“Can I touch you?” He whispered. She took his hand in hers and placed it on her chest. It was true. Men are programmed to play with boobs. Allie was sure this was the secret eleventh commandment on Moses' tablet, the one that men never told women: Thou shalt play with all the boobies that a woman offers up to thee. And also: Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife's boobs.

She snaked her other hand down his chest—which was surprisingly muscular—and down to his member. Stiff, as she had imagined. They lay there like that for a while, gently exploring each other's bodies. Then Jacob recoiled.

“What is it?”

“Nothing. It's just, if we continue this I'm coming to mess up the bedsheets. With, you know.”

“Oh.”

She cuddled up to him and shortly, she was asleep.

A little later, she was woken by a sharp pressure in her abdomen. Some early sunlight was streaming in through the curtains. Allie really needed to pee. Again. She knew she could make it, if she got out of bed right away. But things were so cozy there, and the bedwetting mat was placed right underneath her butt. Allie let go. The warmth envoled her lower half, and some even crept up her naked back. I could get used to this. It's actually not as disgusting as I thought. Maybe I'm into omorashi too?

Late morning, she woke again. Now she was cold and wet and icky. Allie knew she needed to wake Jacob. She decided to put on a show. Now, whether due to the painkillers or just time being the best healer, her headache was gone, and she found herself aching for his touch. For him to be inside her. Her inner freak had been asleep all her life, but now it was awake.

“Jacob, Jacob,” she said, nudging at him.

“Wha'?” He said, still half asleep.

Allie didn't say anything. She just stuck out her lower lip as if she was about to cry.

“Uh-oh,” Jacob said. “Did somebody have an accident?”

“Nuh-uh,” she said.

“Let me be the judge of that.” She felt his fingers tickle her belly, tracing a line between her legs. They rested on top of her most sacred place, grabbing the wet sheets. “I think you did,” Jacob said. “I think you couldn't hold it and peed the bed.”

“I did not!” She was soaking wet.

“Sweetie, did you have an accident or are you just happy to see me?”

She laughed. “Both.”

“Thankfully, I have just the right medicine for that. I can take care of at least one of those things.”

Jacob reached over to the bedside table, opened a drawer and pulled out a condom.

*003*2016-09-22 18:03

Looking forward to ti!

