Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*007*2023-02-23 21:52

The next morning, Bulma didn’t mention anything that had occurred during the night, which Vegeta was grateful for. His shame still lingered over him like a cloud. It was so bad that he couldn’t manage to take his morning piss even when he was POSITIVE that he was alone.

He needed something else to occupy his mind with. Everyone was getting together at Kame House to celebrate Buu’s defeat today, and he hoped THAT would provide a distraction. Parties generally annoyed him, they wasted time he could be using to train, and they were so loud that he couldn’t think. But, since he didn’t WANT to think today, he assumed he could tolerate it.

He couldn’t tolerate it.

There was another thing he hated about parties, especially when they were held in tiny, cramped homes like Kame House; If his bladder got full, he would be forced to keep it that way.

He watched his son play with Kakarot’s youngest child for a while, before his body gave him a sharp reminder that he hadn’t yet relieved himself today.

He was not even going to bother making an ATTEMPT to use the restroom here. He knew someone would see him head up there, and thus that they’d then be thinking about him peeing, about him NEEDING to pee, about his bladder overpowering him and forcing him to go empty it. The ice would overtake his entire chest, and nothing would come out. He’d stay in there longer than anyone ever should, so THEN everybody would be thinking ‘Oh, does Vegeta have trouble peeing? That’s hilarious!’

And even if all of that DIDN’T happen… This WAS Master Roshi’s house. He wouldn’t put it past the perverted old bastard to have tiny cameras hidden all over the restroom just in case one of the women had to use it.

Vegeta was going to have to hold it, just like he always did.

If only everyone would stop offering him drinks.

He knew his refusal to have any of them was probably suspect. When the adult version of his son had first arrived in his time machine, he’d brought a whole bunch of beverages. Vegeta was the only one that didn’t have any. They were all awaiting Kakarot’s arrival, and Vegeta hadn’t been sure how long that would take. All he’d been sure of was that Bulma hadn’t left him alone while he was showering earlier, which had prevented him from using the toilet while he was in there, and his bladder was already uncomfortably bloated. Adding more fluid to his body, when he didn’t know how long he’d have to wait out here without any privacy, would be an awful idea.

That day, his decision not to drink anything had caught people’s attention too. It was hot out, everyone was sweating. He’d felt thirsty and probably looked it, too. The purple-haired time traveler had REALLY tried to share a drink with him for reasons he hadn’t understood back then, and every time he said no and wiped sweat from his brow, he was met with confused looks.

Now, the same thing was happening. Only worse because these days everyone here really considered him a friend. His refusals couldn’t be written off as moody aloofness like they had been years ago.

“Come on, Vegeta,” Krillin said. “You look tenser than usual! Have a drink!”

“No,” Vegeta said. His bladder convulsed, even one sip would add to the strain it was already dealing with.

“You sure?”

Kakarot came up beside them, “Oh, hey, Krillin!” He said. “Goten’s been trying to copy your Destrocto Disc, wanna teach him?”

“W—Wow, he has?” Krillin asked. “Sure!”

Vegeta released some tension once they’d gone, but not too much. His bladder was seriously starting to ache…

The worst part was that he WAS thirsty…

That was always a problem. Vegeta KNEW how important hydration was. If he didn’t drink enough water when he was training, if his body didn’t have the proper amount of fluid in it before a battle, any injuries he sustained would be WORSE. But, sometimes, he just COULDN’T make himself drink as much as he knew he needed to.

Before long, he could feel heat creeping up his lower back. He wasn’t QUITE experiencing the Hell of having his kidneys ignited just yet, but he knew it was right on the horizon. It WOULD happen soon. His heart pounding, he knew that he needed to go… Tell Kakarot soon. But, every time he shifted his gaze to search for him, Kakarot was in the middle of a conversation. Vegeta told himself to just go over there and demand Kakarot ‘fight’ him. EVERYONE would believe that, they’d have no reason to think Vegeta actually wanted something else.

He took one step. It was a mistake. The boiling in his back reached a sudden and excruciating peak, the familiar surge of acidic torment shot through him, making him feel like he was being blasted by every foe he’d ever faced at the same time. A gasp of pain fell from his lips and he barely managed to rush outside and run behind the house without letting out any mortifying sounds.

Now, finally given some privacy, he moved his hands to squeeze himself. He allowed it for only a second, and the relief it brought made him sort of delirious. It was awful when he forced himself to let go again. The torment in his back hadn’t faded, running out here had made it so much worse, like he’d managed to slosh more boiling piss upwards through his body. Every bit of him felt hot and pained.

He NEEDED to be… Somewhere else! Right now!

He couldn’t fly away, he couldn’t even concentrate well enough to get IN the air, and even if he somehow managed it, such a DRASTIC change in gravity and position may actually cause him to explode. He could take Bulma’s plane, but then she’d demand to know why he was leaving suddenly without her. His only other option was to see if Roshi still had a boat, and that would take AGES.

He told himself to keep writhing and squirming, once he had a better handle on things, he’d go to Kakarot, he’d demand to be taken somewhere private. He continued to jiggle and clutch himself, and found that his legs would NOT uncross and allow him to take a single step!

He… Didn’t think he could make it… But, he also didn’t think he was CAPABLE of… Of… ‘going involuntarily’. When his bladder locked down, it became indestructible. The urine couldn’t escape, even when there was NO room inside of him for it to stay. He couldn’t move unless he got rid of this piss, but he couldn’t get rid of the piss unless he moved. His heart thundered, beating hard against the ice that had suddenly coated his ribs. He was actually STUCK, pinned by his own body- the one thing that he’d always been most proud of. How had it become his worst enemy?

He was so ashamed that he couldn’t think of a way out of his predicament. He was rapidly losing the most personal battle he’d ever fought, his current nemesis was so much stronger than him, so strong that it prevented him from even walking forwards.

He kept palming his crotch, cold sweat drenching him entirely. He tried to stop grabbing at himself, tried to splay his legs out, tried to act like he wasn’t exploding, because he knew all of his actions made no difference. His pee wouldn’t come out no matter how still he stood, all he was doing was making it more OBVIOUS that he was desperate, and if anyone came back here they’d catch him, all knotted up and frantic…

This was… This was mortifying. Squeezing his eyes closed, he managed to take a few steps. Each one made shooting pangs stab through his back, the area below his ribs felt battered and destroyed. The very subtle impact of his feet on the ground was enough to deal damage, and now he wasn’t sure if walking or flying would feel worse.

Flames scorched beneath his ribs, and he felt as though a part of his back was being ripped open by the sharpest claws to ever exist. For the first time since the day he and Kakarot had relieved themselves while fused, Vegeta managed to spring a very small leak.

Horror took hold of him, the minuscule damp spot around his crotch feeling like it must have been the size of a lake. He knew that, at most, he’d accidentally spurted just three or four drops and there was no way that was visible. Yet, he couldn’t stop THINKING that it was obvious he’d soiled himself. He was so terrified of what his bladder was threatening to do to him that he freed himself and aimed at the sand below his feet. ‘Okay, bladder. If you don’t WORK, I’m going to RIP you out of my body and throw you into the sun!’

When he finally was able to look down to search for any wetness near his crotch, he saw a bloated knot of need protruding out of him. His bladder always looked swollen when he had to pee, but today it looked more engorged than ever. It embarrassed him to no end. Even if he was able to stand completely still now, his legs apart, his hands clasped behind his back, not wriggling in the slightest, anyone who looked would STILL know he was desperate. His bladder was visibly filled beyond any reasonable capacity.

Again, he was not able to feel proud of himself for holding so much. He only held so much because he was incapable of performing a very basic function. This wasn’t strength, this was weakness. This was inadequacy. This was disgraceful.

Now that he was aiming, BEYOND ready to let everything out, nothing was happening. He couldn’t go, he could only stand there and endure, and he was so TIRED of enduring. There was zero benefit in this. Until they encountered a villain that said it would blow up the planet unless someone beat it in a holding contest, all of Vegeta’s unintentional bladder-training was useless.

‘Maybe that’s how I should have tried to kill Frieza; Challenge him to such a contest, and then just wait for him to explode.’

He made himself stand there for another few minutes, back screaming, bladder churning, not letting go of a drop. It just wasn’t going to happen. His body had made up its mind. It wasn’t going to listen.

He fumbled his clothing back together and somehow managed to take a step. Then another. And another. Now that he was finally moving, he didn’t let himself stop. Outside the door to the house, he did his best to straighten out. His hands clung to one another rather than his crotch, his ankles parted slightly, and he forced himself to enter. He was as presentable as he could hope to get.

Vegeta approached Kakarot and then simply stood there silently, bobbing on his heels as subtly as he could manage.

“Hey Vegeta,” Kakarot said. “What’s— Oh. Let’s go outside.”

Vegeta’s heart rate ramped up. Kakarot could tell SO easily! If it was that obvious to Kakarot, could everyone ELSE tell, too? Were they all silently thinking ‘Wow, Vegeta’s ready to burst!’ Were they just not saying anything out of fear of incurring his rage? He’d always thought he was GOOD at hiding his urgency, now he wasn’t so sure.

At least it meant he didn’t have to TELL Kakarot what he wanted. He followed the other Saiyan outside, and was unable to help himself “Was I really THAT obvious?” He demanded. A hand started creeping back towards his dick, he curled his fingers in and forced it away, permitting his legs to cross again instead.

Kakarot shrugged, “Nope… I just know what to look for. I don’t think anyone else noticed. You mostly just looked like you’re cold.”

Vegeta was aware of his shaking, it was the one thing he’d never been able to suppress. He could fight against the desire to tangle his legs or clutch at himself for a while, but the twitching brought about by clenching up so hard was unstoppable.

“So, I guess it’s too crowded here, huh?” Kakarot asked, WAY too loudly in Vegeta’s honest opinion. Everyone inside could probably HEAR. “You’re not able to—“

“—I’m not able to fight you on this tiny island,” Vegeta said, even louder. “There isn’t enough space. If you want to do this, we’ll have to go somewhere else.”

“Are you able to fly?”

WHY did Kakarot have to have such a loud voice? Maybe… Maybe he didn’t, it didn’t sound this loud normally, but right now it sounded to Vegeta like he was speaking into a megaphone. He dug his heels into the sand, shifting his feet around. The icy feeling had dripped down from his chest to wrap around his bladder, making it all the more difficult to hold onto.

Worse, he knew that he COULDN’T fly. And even if he COULD, then all he’d be able to see when he looked down would be the rippling ocean. Just hearing it lapping on the shore right now was doing all sorts of unpleasant things to his insides. It would take quite some time for him to reach a place where he could go. He needed to be in a spot like that NOW.

When Kakarot first returned from space years ago and announced that he’d learned how to teleport, Vegeta had been both stunned and frustratingly envious. But then Kakarot had told him HOW his instant transmission ability actually worked; Kakarot could travel to wherever he wanted by focusing on a specific person’s chi, then he would spontaneously appear near them.

And, after that, all Vegeta could feel was… THAT way… Every time he tried to urinate, he couldn’t help but think that Kakarot was going teleport himself right beside him for some inane reason. It made it so that, even when he was completely alone, Vegeta didn’t FEEL like he was.

He was reluctantly glad that, after Kakarot had found out about the… issue, he’d promised NOT to use that technique unless he was already certain that Vegeta wasn’t trying to relieve himself.

Kakarot’s ability could actually be helpful with this issue too, however. “O—Of course I can fly! Why wouldn’t I be able to?” He said. “But, I’m impatient. Use instant transmission.”

Goku had never thought about using instant transmission to help Vegeta out with this. Since he could only teleport to a PERSON and not to a PLACE he thought it wouldn’t be of much use. Vegeta needed to be somewhere WITHOUT other people, after all. He could at least get him a lot CLOSER to some privacy this way, though. He considered where to take him. Bulma’s father was at Capsule Corp, so he could get Vegeta home that way… Capsule Corp was HUGE though, and Vegeta had reluctantly admitted that there were only a couple toilets that he could reliably use there. If where they appeared wound up being too far away from them…

Chi-Chi was still home, and Goku could take Vegeta straight to the woods. It wouldn’t be much of a walk… But, Goku knew a little TOO well now what a ‘full bladder’ felt like to Vegeta. When they’d been fused, Goku had been AMAZED that they’d been capable of taking even five steps without either collapsing or having an accident.

The woods still seemed like the best option, so Goku grabbed Vegeta’s shoulder, focused hard on his wife’s chi, and a second later they’d appeared before her in his kitchen.

Chi-Chi jumped backwards, startled. “Gah! Goku, I’ve told you to stop surprising me with that! You’re gonna give me a heart atta— And WHY did you bring Vegeta here?”

“Because, Master Roshi told me that… One of the Cell Juniors actually got away a few years ago. And it’s hiding in the woods. So, Vegeta and I are gonna split up to look for it!”

Vegeta felt… Something that could perhaps be called ‘impressed’, by how quickly Kakarot had come up with an explanation. Chi-Chi seemed to have fallen for it, too. Absolutely nothing about her expression indicated skepticism. Vegeta reluctantly admitted to himself that HE probably would have gotten so flustered trying to give a response that he accidentally revealed too much.

“Well, okay,” Chi-Chi said. “Don’t let that thing near my house.” She turned to Vegeta, looked at him for just long enough to make him sweat. “Are you cold…? You’re shivering.”

“L—Let’s go, Kakarot,” Vegeta said. He cleared his throat, trying to banish the twitching from his voice. He had to go so badly that it was getting hard to speak, his bladder throbbed so severely that he had to clench his hands into fists to avoid putting them between his legs.

That was one of the most maddening parts of his problem; Since he couldn’t urinate when he was TRYING to, the odds of an accident were virtually non-existent. Yet, the base urge to grip himself and squeeze his opening closed still remained in spite of this knowledge. No matter where his hands were, his bladder would remain full and his pipes welded shut, but holding himself still SOMEHOW made it feel better. He desired to do it now so strongly that his fingers were spasming.

Taking in a shuddering breath, Vegeta added, “I’m… Overflowing with energy, I have to destroy something before I explode.”

“Seeya, Chi-Chi!” Kakarot said as he took Vegeta out the front door.

When he heard it shut behind them, Vegeta allowed one hand to press into his crotch. Immediately, he felt a new sense of security. Some of the pressure bearing down right behind his opening faded. His thighs tensed, his knees and ankles crossed, and his foot tapped uncontrollably as he doubled forwards. It wasn’t until a few seconds had passed that he realized he hadn’t actually thought twice about allowing himself to engage in these behaviors in front of Kakarot.

When Kakarot SPOKE the embarrassment flooded him “O—Oh, you need to go WAY worse than I thought. It’s almost over, you just have to make it to the woods— Do you want me to carry y—“

“Finish that question and it will be the last thing you ever say,” Vegeta warned, taking the first few painful steps. “It’s— I don’t need to— It isn’t THAT bad.” The words sounded ridiculous even to him, everything about his body language displayed that it most certainly WAS ‘that bad’. His bladder thought that Kakarot carrying him to a tree was a brilliant suggestion. His bladder didn’t like being shaken up every time Vegeta drew his legs apart to step forwards. His bladder would prefer it if he could just writhe and twist and clutch himself until someone ELSE got him to where he needed to be.

His bladder was unworthy of being in his body after making such vile suggestions. He SHOULD launch into the sun…

He was breathing heavily after only a handful of steps. THIS was also one of the worst parts. How the HELL could he be so winded after basically doing NOTHING? He hadn’t been fighting, he hadn’t been using any energy attacks, he hadn’t been flying, or even just RUNNING— He’d been WALKING. He wasn’t even wearing weighted clothing or experiencing heightened gravity, yet his bladder dragged him down like he’d put two-ton armbands on both his wrists!

It was so pathetic that it made him want to blow something up just to feel powerful again for a second.

He made it to the woods, and walked a little deeper so that he could no longer see Kakarot’s house. Bouncing in place a little, he decided that this spot would hopefully be usable and started to work at his clothing.

“Wait, hold it!” Kakarot said, distress wavering in his voice.

Startled Vegeta stopped what he was doing and scowled. If something dangerous really WAS wandering around in these woods, it was the worst possible time. His poor bladder had actually started to LOOSEN as he’d been preparing to water the tree, now it was practically pulsating from the shock of having to clamp everything back down again. Vegeta didn’t sense anything nearby other than Kakarot but, as he’d begrudgingly had to learn, a full bladder messed with most of his abilities. “What?” He demanded. “What is it?”

“Is… Um… Is THAT your bladder?!” Kakarot asked, and Vegeta turned to see that Kakarot was WAY too close to him, and staring down at his midsection with wide eyes. Vegeta didn’t understand what was so fascinating to him all of the sudden. Vegeta’s bladder was really full, so his abdomen looked round and bloated, a sharp distended curve protruding there. That was just NORMAL. That was how someone LOOKED when they needed to urinate. Kakarot should have been plenty familiar with it.

“What the Hell are you looking at?! Face the other way!”

“S—Sorry, it’s just— Mine’s never DONE that!”

It was Vegeta’s turn to be surprised. It… Hadn’t? Maybe Kakarot had just never LOOKED at that spot closely enough when he had to go and had never noticed it. Vegeta was POSITIVE that getting a little swollen was what happened to ANYONE when they needed to void. “You just haven’t paid attention,” Vegeta decided. “Now, turn around!”

“Sorry, sorry!” Kakarot repeated, and Vegeta heard him taking a few steps away.

Satisfied that Kakarot was no longer staring, Vegeta pulled himself out and aimed between his feet. The pressure at his tip was excruciating, he really wanted the liquid to erupt right then and there, but it was never that simple. He stomped his feet and dug his heels in, gritting his teeth as he tried to push down on his holding muscles. This only seemed to make them pull tauter, though.

He knew that he probably wasn’t supposed to strain like that, he was supposed to let something RELAX.

He tried to remember the last time he’d relaxed.

Maybe he’d done it once as an infant.

He heard Kakarot clear his throat. “You can do it, Vegeta!” He said.

Dammit, THIS again… All of these ridiculous, little comments. All this ‘support’, like it was somehow acceptable for Vegeta to NEED support when he did this. The awful thing was how calm and matter-of-fact Kakarot was about it, nothing in his tone suggested that he found it even SLIGHTLY weird to… To basically cheer Vegeta on as he tried to relieve himself. Nothing in his tone suggested that Kakarot even knew that he SHOULD have found it weird. He acted like this was just natural and happened all the time.

The most annoying part was how well it worked. Vegeta was glad that SOMETHING made his bladder empty, but he wished that it could be something OTHER than Kakarot babbling nonsensical encouragements at him.

“You can do it!” Kakarot repeated. “Your bladder’s so much weaker than you! You can win!”

As he continued, Vegeta finally felt the stinging sensation that came right before he started to go. It hurt as badly as ever, but he forced himself to bear down on that feeling until he started to dribble into the dirt. Finally… Something was coming out. It was such a weak, light dribble that it didn’t make a dent in the pressure, but if he kept pushing and didn’t let it fade away, he knew he’d be spraying in a few seconds.

“There you go!” Kakarot said. “See? Easy, right?”

Immediately, his stream picked up speed and he was so going so much that he no longer had to force it. The painful sensations vanished in an instant, finally being replaced by the relief he’d been craving. He couldn’t allow himself to let go completely, however. He clenched his jaw, the urge to let loose an embarrassing moan that Kakarot would DEFINITELY hear was hard to beat down.

Why did this need to feel so good, anyway? Why did this shameful, embarrassing action have to be so enjoyable? He would have preferred that it just felt like nothing, the fact that it instead felt so deliriously good that he sometimes caught himself shivering with pleasure was humiliating. If his bladder wanted to be so disobedient, he thought it could at least do him the courtesy of NOT tempting him to moan or slump over when it finally decided to listen to him and drain out.

He didn’t WANT to like the sensation of urinating so much— That he could find ANY enjoyment in performing such a mortifying task infuriated him. This had ultimately begun because he’d so desired to convince everyone that he simply never had the need to void. If only that were true…

But, when he STOPPED thinking about others for a moment, and just concentrated on himself, on the pleasant sensation of the bulge in his midsection loosening, of his bladder finally contracting down to a manageable size… It was something that went beyond mere ‘relief’. It was bliss, and he didn’t ever want the feeling to go away. For a very small moment, he didn’t think at all, he just let himself feel, so when the sigh fell from his lips he didn’t even notice. “Ahhh…”

Kakarot DID notice it. “Feeling better?”

“Sh—shut up, Kakarot!” Vegeta yelled back. His chest tightened again, but somehow the embarrassment washing over him wasn’t enough to cut his stream off. He felt like he was nearly done anyway, thankfully.

“Oh, sorry…” Kakarot said. “Wasn’t thinking. I’ve just never heard you make a noise like that before, so I was surpr—“

Vegeta felt the last of his piss flow out just in time for him to put his clothing back together and stomp over to Kakarot. “You didn’t,“ he hissed.

“…Huh?”

“You. Heard. NOTHING,” Vegeta informed darkly. “Whatever you THOUGHT you heard, if you ever mention it again, there’s not a dragon in the universe that will be able to fix what I do to you!”

Kakarot just blinked at him. “Well, okay…” He said. “Did you finish?”

Vegeta nodded and turned away, arms folded. He HOPED that Kakarot wouldn’t say it this time. Please DON’T say it this time, PLEA—

Of course, he said it. “Good job, Vegeta!”

It was a wonder that Kakarot’s insistence upon telling him that hadn’t ever made his bladder lock up. “HOW many times do I have to tell you; NEVER say that again!”

“But, you like it when I compliment you,” Kakarot said, and his voice was so CERTAIN that Vegeta wanted to silence him permanently.

“I do NOT,” Vegeta insisted. Maybe… Maybe he… Sort of DID… Really, really like it when BULMA praised him— Especially during… One very specific situation. But, he didn’t like hearing it from Kakarot!

“Sure you do,” Kakarot said. “You usually smile when I do— And you always start peeing after I talk about how you’re strong—“

“Th—That’s a coincidence!” Vegeta said. “I would have… Started around then no matter what you’d said.”

Kakarot shrugged, “I dunno… When I DON’T say stuff like that, you take way longer to go…”

Last night. Vegeta hadn’t been able to finish going until he’d PRETENDED Kakarot was there, saying those exact th—

That didn’t mean he NEEDED to hear it, though. It HELPED, but it wasn’t necessary! It couldn’t have been necessary. Because if it WAS necessary, that meant that he was beginning to DEPEND on Kakarot for something, and at that point he may as well lock himself in the gravity chamber for the rest of his life and never be seen again.

He could not allow himself to become dependent on Kakarot for ANYTHING, and especially not this.

That reminded him of his idea from last night. “Kakarot, do you have any of the dragon balls?”

“Yeah, a couple.”

“Great. Hand them over.”

Kakarot, infuriating as he was, didn’t immediately agree. No. Instead, he chose to ASK Vegeta what he wanted to use them for, because “we should only use them when we NEED to”.

Vegeta didn’t think it was ANY business whatsoever of Kakarot’s what he intended to ask the dragon for, but Kakarot wouldn’t budge.

“Just tell me what you’re gonna do with them,” Kakarot said. “If it IS a really good reason, then I’ll give you the ones I have.”

Vegeta scowled, unwilling to look up and meet Kakarot’s eyes. “I— I intend to— I’m planning to… That is, I’d LIKE to…” Why was this so hard to say? Yes, his problem was beyond shameful, but that meant he SHOULDN’T feel so embarrassed to say that he wanted it GONE. How was he ever going to speak his wish aloud to the dragon if he couldn’t even tell Kakarot?!

Goku watched as Vegeta struggled to form words. Once again, Vegeta was having trouble expressing his feelings. Goku was used to that, Vegeta’s thoughts often didn’t want to leave his head and be shared. “Do you wanna fuse so I can hear what you’re thinki—“

“No!” Vegeta snapped. “I just need the dragon balls you have, I’m gathering them— The reason WHY is unimportant, it doesn’t concern you. If you don’t hand them over willingly, we can settle this with—“

“Well, I’ll give ‘em to you so long as you’re using them to wish for something important,” Kakarot explained. “If something big happens and we need them again, I don’t wanna wait a whole year.”

“I assure you, my intentions with them ARE to do something important,” Vegeta said. “Vital, even…” He paused, remembering when Kakarot had gotten sick with the heart virus. The dragon wasn’t able to cure that… But, what Vegeta had wasn’t a DISEASE, really. It was… Well, he didn’t want to LABEL what it was, but it wasn’t an illness. “I would like the dragon to… Erase something from existence.”

Kakarot was quiet for a moment. “Oh, okay. Yeah, I get it. You want to ask the dragon to make it easier for you to pee, don’t you?”

“I— I—“ Vegeta went even redder. How had he figured it out?! Blasted Kakarot! “That’s… Maybe.”

“I’m not sure… The dragon can’t cure viruses and stuff,” Goku said. “I know you aren’t sick, but… I mean, YOU fight against it really hard and still ca—“ He clamped his mouth shut before he accidentally uttered Vegeta’s most reviled word and caused his friend to shut him out completely. “And—And still have… Trouble. So, I dunno if the dragon will be able to do it.” Noticing the almost dangerous look on Vegeta’s face, Goku quickly added “B—Because, you know, YOU’RE stronger than the dragon, and if it’s so hard for you, then…” He trailed off.

“This is true,” Vegeta said. He still wanted to try… Sort of. The more he pictured it, though, the less he liked what he saw. The sky would go pitch black and the enormous dragon would burst to life, floating high above him. The dragon, in its immense booming voice, would then order him to state his wish. And then he’d have to say, out loud, and with the full power of his voice; “I wish to be able to urinate, no matter how many people are near me!”

He didn’t know how he’d EVER get the words out. And like Hell would he tell Kakarot to ask FOR him… Kakarot would find the most embarrassing way to phrase it! “Hey, Shenlong, my best friend can’t take a leak, and that makes his poor body hurt REALLY bad. Fix it.”

“Ugh, never mind,” Vegeta said. “It would be a shameful thing to ask for.”

“I think that’s the problem,” Kakarot said. “You’re feeling ashamed of stuff that you shouldn’t. If you stop thinking about how peeing is ‘embarrassing’, you wouldn’t have trouble. I don’t think it’s embarrassing at all—“

“—Because you lack the pride of a Saiyan.”

“Because it shouldn’t BE embarrassing,” Kakarot told him. “Everyone does it…”

“I’m aware of that, don’t you think I’ve thought of that before? It doesn’t make a difference.”

Goku thought back to when they’d been fused, the feelings he’d experienced and the emotions that had filled Vegeta’s thoughts. The thoughts had made the tension in their body worsen, so Goku KNEW that the thoughts were responsible for it. Looking back, what had been on Vegeta’s mind wasn’t JUST embarrassment, there had also been a LOT of panic. Like, Vegeta was scared, but a certain KIND of scared that was unlike how Goku felt when Chi-Chi told him he was going to the doctor to get a shot. It wasn’t a sudden intense wave of fear, it was something more constant, its strength rising and falling in accordance to how cluttered Vegeta’s thoughts were.

Goku tried to think of a time he’d experienced that for himself… Maybe a few times when he’d been training for a battle, he’d felt like that for a minute or two… But, it went away as soon as he’d told himself ‘You can do it!’ enough times. Those feelings were easy for him to get rid of.

They seemed to like to stick around for Vegeta, though.

Goku wasn’t sure exactly WHAT that feeling was, he just recognized that it must have been a TYPE of fear. “Does the idea of someone seeing you go scare you?” He knew the question was a mistake as soon as it left his mouth.

Furious, Vegeta shouted; “Of course not! You KNOW me, I don’t HAVE fears.”

Goku could think of several things which Vegeta definitely WAS afraid of, but he knew better than to mention them. “You DO have some kind of bad feeling when you think about someone watching, though…”

“Well, it isn’t ‘fear’,” Vegeta scowled. The buzzing in his chest, the racing of his heart, the panicked thoughts… That asinine ‘feeling’ was NOT anything resembling fear, it was just something that annoyed him and didn’t deserve to be anywhere near him. “And…It’s not… I don’t just think about people seeing. I already TOLD you, it’s having them KNOW at all that I’m… Doing that. Thinking about how I… Couldn’t wait anymore, or—“

“But, you need to understand no one would care, or expect you to be able to hold it forever.” To Goku, the solution was so simple! Once Vegeta stopped THINKING the way he did about this, the problem would vanish immediately!

“I’m aware of that,” Vegeta said. “Again, it doesn’t make a difference. And what bothers me the MOST isn’t even THAT. It’s… When it won’t… ‘start’. If someone notices, then…”

“It’s hard for you to pee, because you’re scared about someone noticing that it’s hard for you to pee?”

“I am NOT sca—“

“Okay, okay…” Goku raised his hands. “You aren’t… You’re… Um…” He struggled to think of a term that wouldn’t irritate Vegeta. “Your bladder has… A… Really outstanding defensive technique!”

Vegeta didn’t immediately start protesting, nor did his frown get any deeper, so Goku decided he’d said the right thing.

“But, it’s using that AGAINST you now,” Goku said. “I think you’re gonna have to push yourself.”

“I push myself EVERY da-“

“I meant with… You know, your ‘thing’… Are you able to pee around your family?”

“No…” Vegeta admitted. Last night had shown him that he definitely wasn’t able to do that. That was the first time he’d ever urinated with Bulma awake and near him, and what had followed after he’d realized she was there was something he NEVER wanted to repeat. He didn’t want her to have a reason to THINK about him peeing ever again. If anything, it was trickier to do it near her NOW than it had been when he first started staying at Capsule Corp. He had… feelings about her now that hadn’t been there before, and those feelings told him that he couldn’t let her see him as vulnerable.

It was impossible around Trunks as well. He never had managed to pee in front of him when he was a toddler like Bulma’s parenting book had instructed. As Trunks got older and became more aware of things, Vegeta was even LESS likely to be able to pee near him. He was just glad that Bulma had finally agreed that Trunks was capable of using public men’s rooms by HIMSELF. In the past, whenever Trunks had to go while they were out, Bulma had forced Vegeta to take him in there. His protests of “No one is even going to be ABLE to kidnap a super Saiyan!” all went unheard.

Of course, it HAD to be him that took Trunks, too. For reasons that went far beyond his comprehension, the Earthlings had chosen to segregate their public restrooms between males and females. This had not been the case on his home planet, nor had he seen it on many of the other planets he’d been to. If the inhabitants urinated and had multiple sexes, then they all used the same facilities.

It had always confused him that Earthlings segregated one another for this. He really couldn’t figure out why that segregation was based on sex. If it was based on… ‘People who can go where others can hear them’ and ‘People who want to pee in a sound-proof room with fifty indestructible locks while totally alone’, THEN it would at least make some sense.

One of the most humiliating things that had ever happened to him occurred within his first few weeks spent on Earth. Bulma had taken him out somewhere, he couldn’t even remember WHERE anymore, just that at some point she’d convinced him to take off his gloves and feed some hideous Earth-creature. Vegeta wore his gloves for a good reason, often the creatures he’d fought against in space would be slimy, and he didn’t want his precious fists marred with ooze. The Earth-creature’s tongue was just as slimy, and left a sheen of drool on his hands.

“Ugh, that is revolting,” he’d complained. “Look, woman. THIS is why I need my gloves.”

Bulma looked down at his palms. “Wait, so you’re a germaphobe? That’s… Surprising.”

“The hell’s a germaphobe?”

“It means you’re scared of—“

“I fear nothing,” Vegeta interrupted. “These hands contain more power than you can imagine. Why would I allow them to be tarnished?”

Bulma kept staring. She shut her eyes and didn’t open them for several seconds, rubbing her forehead. “… Well, just go wash them off in the bathroom, then. They’re over that way,” she pointed.

Vegeta went to the building she’d indicated. There were two doors, he just went through the closest one. Immediately, some woman screamed at him to get out. He left, utterly perplexed, and found Bulma standing there laughing at him.

“What’s so funny?!” Vegeta demanded. “Did you plan all of thi—“

“Did you not notice the door?” Bulma asked, still snorting.

Vegeta looked back at the door, seeing an icon affixed to it. A circle on top of a triangle. Its meaning was impossible to decipher, yet Bulma acted as though it were obvious. “What?”

“That’s the women’s.”

He still didn’t understand. “What?”

“The men’s is over there,” Bulma gestured once more.

“Wait, so they’re separated?”

“Uh, yeah?”

“…Why?”

Bulma had failed to provide an answer that he’d found satisfactory, and then she had the GALL to tell Kakarot that he’d gone into the women’s room. “So, in some ways, he’s a bit like you when you were younger!”

Telling the story was already an insult, but to compare him to Kakarot on top of that?!

The segregation may have been nonsensical, but it meant that Vegeta would HAVE to walk Trunks to the bathroom and then just stand awkwardly off the side while he used it. And, of course, Vegeta’s bladder would often be FULL as he did this. Everything he heard, everything he saw, all of it was such a horrid tease to his own urge. It was aggravating to have to stand there, holding it in, while people whom were so much WEAKER than him all accomplished the one thing he could never do. He was the only one in the restroom that could level a city with one finger, and also the only one that couldn’t pee.

And these bathroom trips usually took a while. To Vegeta’s dismay, Trunks had apparently inherited his bladder from the Saiyan side of his family. When he started hopping around and saying “Daaad, it’s an emergency!” that meant Vegeta would have to spend at least two minutes enduring the sounds of streams hissing and toilets flushing before Trunks was finished. It was during one of these trips that Vegeta realized he would NEVER be able to bring himself to urinate near Trunks.

It was only a couple years ago, so Trunks had probably been about six. Vegeta had brought him into the restroom. He’d miscalculated something somewhere, either this trip was taking a lot longer than he’d thought, or the drinks he’d had today had moved through him faster than expected. Either way, something had gone wrong and his bladder was aching immensely.

To his dismay, several of the urinals were being used. How could ANYONE use those?! There were no doors, absolutely NOTHING to use for cover, not a hint of privacy! Why had the Earthlings felt the need to invent such a ridiculous fixture?! He could hear the streams splashing into them very clearly, like rushing water hissing right next to his ears, filling up his head and bladder in equal measures.

Generally, having extremely powerful hearing was a GOOD thing. If an opponent was moving too fast for him to see, his ears could EASILY make up the difference. Being able to hear so well was more of a curse when he so desperately didn’t WANT to hear something. If only there was a way to turn his ears OFF.

Trunks finished relieving himself, and Vegeta told him to go wash his hands since he knew Bulma would be annoyed if he didn’t. Vegeta was trying VERY hard not to feel envious of his own son, but the feeling WAS there. His bladder’s sensitive walls shuddered when Trunks turned the sink on and one more watery-sound filled his ears.

His thighs were tensed and his knees were pressed firmly together. There were copious demands from within to start moving around, to start squirming, to even give himself a very quick squeeze that hopefully no one would notice. The restroom was crowded though, so he knew someone WOULD notice. He also knew that trying to use a stall would be futile and only leave him more frustrated and desperate. Trying a urinal, trying to void out in the open with no cover, where someone would SURELY be able to tell he was having trouble, would probably cause him to die of embarrassment.

The mall Bulma had insisted they visit that day was in the middle of the city, he was unlikely to find any privacy near it. Kakarot SHOULD have taught him how to use instant transmission before he’d died, then he could just teleport to somewhere that was a little less populated. Without Kakarot there, he had no way to do it.

Kakarot SHOULD have chosen to be brought back to life right after the Cell Game. If Kakarot had been alive, if he’d been THERE, if Vegeta could go up to him and ask for some hel— For what he needed… ‘Kakarot, you moron! Why would you choose to stay dead? I need you here!’

Dammit, was he seriously MISSING Kakarot?!

No. Of course not. He just missed urinating. That was all.

Trunks finished up at the sink and turned around, “I’m done, Dad,” he said.

“Good, now let’s get out of here,” Vegeta said, taking his wrist and leading him back through the door. His bladder started to calm down a little now that he could no longer hear others peeing. But, he still felt so bloated and walking around again after staying still had shaken the liquid in him up a bit. He paused in the hallway and quickly crossed his legs for a second before continuing to pace.

Any relief he’d felt upon exiting the bathroom vanished when Trunks spoke up; “Dad, how come you never go?”

“What are you talking about?”

“When you take me to the bathroom, you always have to pee too, but then you never do it.”

Vegeta had been TRYING not to get angry with the boy. He wanted to give Trunks a better childhood than he’d had, and his volatile temper made that hard. He was pleased that he hadn’t yet lost it and hit Trunks out of anger— This was why he never helped Trunks train if he was genuinely mad at him, he just couldn’t trust himself not to go too far and hurt him. He HAD, however, definitely yelled at his son pretty frequently and had said things that he knew he never should have.

He felt flustered and a touch irritated now, but he did NOT want to shout. Trunks wouldn’t even understand that he’d hit a nerve, that he’d mentioned something Vegeta didn’t allow others to speak of. “I… Don’t have to,” he said.

“Uh-huh, you were crossing your legs,” Trunks pointed out. “Why don’t you ever go? You’ll have an accident and Mom’ll get ma—“

“I won’t have an… I won’t do THAT. And I don’t use public facilities,” Vegeta stated.

Trunks furrowed his brow at the unfamiliar word. “Fasss-illy—“

“It means ‘toilet’,” Vegeta explained.

“Why not?” Trunks asked again.

“You don’t need to know.”

“But, doesn’t it hurt to hold it all the—“

“Trunks!” Vegeta interrupted sharply. Trunks’s lip started to tremble and Vegeta hastily lowered his tone. “I don’t… I don’t go because… You can train your bladder to get stronger too, and—“ He stopped abruptly, remembering how his problem had started. There were a LOT of things he wanted Trunks to inherit from him— Strength, honor, pride, determination… He didn’t want to accidentally encourage Trunks to inherit THIS. “Just— As you get older, you can wait longer.”

“Oh… But, you keep acting like you have to go really bad,” Trunks said. “You cross your legs and do this…” Trunks started to hop exaggeratedly in place, getting faster and faster, only stopping when he made himself dizzy.

Vegeta watched his son’s mimicry in horror. He didn’t ever jiggle around THAT much, did he?! To his dismay, he had a sudden urge to start bouncing on his toes when a new surge of need ramped up inside him. Trunks was looking up at him now, no way could he allow any sort of wriggling. “That’s… I’m… Actually, that’s… A way for me to give my legs a work-out when I’m busy with something else.”

Trunks didn’t appear to believe him. “I don’t think I’ve seen you go at home, either… Have you just been holding it your whole life?”

Recounting as much of this as he could to Kakarot, Vegeta explained, “So, I think Trunks can tell there’s something wrong. And, as I mentioned, people KNOWING makes it—“

“Like I keep saying,” Kakarot told him. “I think the problem is you focus so much on what other people are thinking about. You can go in front of me now because you were able to find out what I was thinking. You can’t fuse with Trunks or Bulma, but I think if you TRY to go around them a few times, it will get easier. And don’t think about doing it for THEM, either. Focus on how you want to get better just so YOU can feel comfortable.”

No. No. No. He was NOT going to ask Bulma OR Trunks to be there with him while he inevitably FAILED to urinate. “Absolutely not.”

“Think of it like you’re training. You start easy, and then—“

“No.”

Goku sighed. This was REALLY the only solution he could think of. If Vegeta wanted his problem to improve, then he was going to have to FIGHT it. It was so unlike his friend to back down from a challenge. With that, he thought he had a way to convince Vegeta to try, and he braced himself for the wrath he was sure to incur in the process. “So, that’s it? You’re just gonna accept defeat?”

Vegeta said nothing, but Goku saw a twitching in his jaw. Just a little further…

“You think THIS is way too strong for you? So much that you won’t even try?”

More twitching, his eyelid was starting to spasm as well.

Goku knew which word to use now, he knew EXACTLY what term would really set him off…“I guess if the Prince of all Saiyans REALLY thinks that he just CAN’T—“

“Kakarot, how dare you speak to me this way?!” Vegeta exploded. “To even SUGGEST that I’d be intimidated by THIS… Of course I can destroy it, and I don’t need YOUR help!”

Goku watched as Vegeta abruptly and furiously flew off. He smiled. “Good luck!” He called.

“Bite me!”

