Boo! oh... (a BSD omo fic)

Author: soggyjeans

*000*2026-01-17 00:49

Atsushi sipped at his tea, eyes trained on the T.V. He was finishing up a scary movie marathon that he had been watching with Kyouka all day. She had already seen the one currently on before, though, so she had run off to help Naomi set up Halloween decorations.

As Atsushi leaned forward to set his cup down, he gave a soft hiss as the movement put pressure on his abdomen. He'd been consistently drinking tea throughout the day, and hadn't used the bathroom since he woke up... Well, whatever. He checked the T.V. guide and saw that there was only half an hour left on the movie; he'd just go when it was over.

___

Atsushi sighed as he clicked the remote, turning the T.V. off. He relaxed for a moment, letting out a breath, before he was almost instantaneously reminded of his now nearly bursting bladder.

He rose from the couch, stretching and letting an almost lewd groan escape as the movement flexed his stomach over his taut bladder. Just as he turned to make his way to the bathroom, there was a knock at the dorm's door. Sighing, Atsushi made his way to the door instead, taking a moment to school his expression into a customer service smile before opening the door.

"Hel...lo?"

There was no-one there.

Atsushi shrugged and went back inside, more than ready to finally use the bathroom, when there was another rap on the door. Weird.

Once again, Atsushi opened the door, trying not to squirm, and was met with nothing. Frustrated now, and desperately needing to pee, he went back inside once more. He was almost to the bathroom this time, hand on his belt to undo it in preparation, when yet another knock sounded through the dorm.

Atsushi groaned, biting his lip, and went back to the door.

"What do you w-" He flung the door open.

"BOO!"

Atsushi yelped, stumbled, and lost his balance, falling over and landing on his ass with a dull thud, jostling his poor bladder and causing it to finally overflow.

Piss quickly soaked through his pants, darkening the cloth in desperately cut-off spurts and pooling beneath his ass and spreading across the concrete of the entryway. Atsushi gasped in surprise, feeling the warmth blooming across his skin, and just gave in, relief and adrenaline combined with borderline pleasure clouding his overwhelmed mind.

"Oh."

Atsushi looked up from the still-spreading puddle of piss beneath him, cheeks reddening in mortification when he realized who had been at the door. Dazai stood outside, wrapped in cheap toilet paper to look like a mummy, staring dumbfounded at poor Atsushi.

He was never going to live this down, was he?

