Desperate Afternoon (First Story!)

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2021-10-11 01:31

So, this is my first story on here. This happened about a week ago. I was working at Subway after a long day, and it was about 4:30 pm. I had just finished a water bottle, and though there was a slight pressure in my abdomen, I ignored it. As you can tell by my username, I have a bit of a shy bladder and have a bad habit of not going to the bathroom when I need too. Anyways, time skip about 15 minutes, and the feeling had gotten worse. I was going to be able to leave at 5:30, so I had a little less than an hour left.

I knew I could go to the bathroom, but out of shyness, I didn’t, which was a big mistake. Around 4:55, I was shifting a lot and sometimes gripping my crotch. Since I was running the cashier, I was on the other side of the counter, therefore I hadn’t gotten any strange looks yet. But just to be safe, I had tied my big hoodie around my waist to cover my bottom. Not much happened in the 20 minutes that passed except for me going from pretty desperate to bursting. People were beginning to leave, so not many customers were left.

By now I was doing almost anything to keep from leaking, except for holding my crotch. After the final minutes of the work day passed, I quickly left, not bothering to use the bathroom before I did. Dumb idea, I know! I quickly hopped into my car and began to drive, squirming in my seat and leaking every couple minutes. By now a small dark patch had formed on my denim jeans, and all I could think about was getting to a bathroom. My apartment was 10 minutes away, so by the time I got there I had a big spot on my shorts. I didn’t care if people saw me so desperate at this point, so I gripped my crotch incredibly tight, feeling the wet patch grow bigger.

When I finally got into my room, I could barely move without leaking. It hurt so badly, and I felt like I was about to burst. It had been so long since I felt so desperate by accident. I finally just gave up and let the pee gush out of me and onto the floor. It felt so good, but I was so embarrassed! I kinda didn’t care though, because I was so, so relieved and it felt amazing! I was peeing for a while, and when I was done, my bladder was a bit sore and there was a big puddle on my floor. After cleaning up the puddle, I got in the shower and had to pee again! Now here I am, on this website, telling my story. I have to admit, it’s kinda crazy looking back on it, and I decided this could be a fun thing to try out! I’m going to try and be bolder and do some other things with this. Have a good rest of your day my luvs

*003*2021-10-22 02:48

Yes, it’s a true story from a little while ago. Thanks for letting me know, I’ll be sure to keep that in mind for my next post!

*005*2021-10-27 01:19

Well, I don’t really like going to the toilet in public, I’m not sure why! So you’re right, that does make a good experience!

