Anniversary Dinner

Author: SaQra

*000*2019-01-07 00:54

The faucet squeaks as I turn off the shower and step out, wiping condensation from the mirror so I can see my reflection. After running a towel over them, my brown curls spring back to their usual position piled on top of my head. I buzz an electric razor over my stubble, and wash my face with a cloth. Eyeliner? Nah. My phone buzzes; it's a text from Jordan.

"Sorry I'm late home beautiful, especially on our anniversary. I'll be about 20 minutes, okay? xx"

I grin, then squeeze myself surreptitiously. I'll go to the bathroom in a minute, I just need to get things ready for when he gets home I tell myself.

I dash to the kitchen to check on our dinner isn't burning. I've never made chili con carne before. I hope Jordan likes it! I add a little more tomato paste, then stir the thick liquid. The splash as the paste hits the mix makes my bladder twinge, but the feeling soon fades.

I leave the food to simmer and head to our room, picking out my outfit for this evening. First a pair of boxer-breifs, then some gray thigh-high socks and similarly monochrome denim high-waisted shorts. My eyes linger for a moment on the garters at the bottom of my drawer. No, I'm going for cute, not downright racy I decide. I finish the outfit with a simple white shirt that I tuck into the waistband of the shorts, and then a baby-blue hoodie. For the next few minutes I go around the apartment fussing with lamps and the cushions on the sofa, then back to the food. The doorbell rings. Jordan's home! I still didn't go to th- But before I can finish the thought I throw open the door, and my boyfriend squeezes me in a hug...

"Hi!" I say, breathless from fussing over our shared rooms, "Food's just finished. You wanna eat first, then cuddle?"

"Sounds great to me hon, I'm famished. Didn't even get the chance to grab lunch at the office today" He says, and I groan in sympathy. I pull him into the kitchen and gesture for him to sit while I plate up our food. But he doesn't sit down, instead coming up behind me and wrapping his arms around me. "You're such a twink Miles" he laughs about my outfit. His strong forearms squashing my bladder make me wince, and I press my thighs together, dribbling pee into my shorts, which makes me lock my hand into my crotch even more.

"Boo I'm busy, don't squeeze me" I huff. He chuckles, and sits down. "Whatever you say." After the desperation subsides momentarily, I bring the plates, and we dig in, me pressing one fist into my crotch as I sip on the wine he bought home. The alcohol soon loosens me up, and I down more glasses, so that by the time we've finished dinner and moved to the squashy couch in front of TV, I'm tipsy.

Jordan boots up Super Smash, and we spend some minutes drunkenly honing our skills against each other. Suddenly, as he goes for a particularly devious attack, my floodgates open. I'd forgotten I was even holding it in my drunken state, but as I stand to run to the bathroom I know it's too late. I gasp as streaks of pee shoot along the crotch of my shorts and drip from the cuffs, leaving trails down my socks. "Uh. Uh Jordan I-"

He looks over, and sighs. "Boo, you know you have a bad bladder. How long have you been holding it?" I blush, and mumble "Since 4pm"

"4pm?! It's 9:30pm now Miles! No wonder you had an accident, after a 5 and a bit hour wait and all that wine!" I just giggle, and sit back down.

"I don't have to go anymore, so let's do another round!" Jordan rolls his eyes at me, then picks his controller back up; "You're on!"

*002*2019-01-07 01:17

{{14 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Love that!

}}

{{Just now, GrangerDanger said:

Good job

}}

Thanks!

