Got Fiction Requests? Well you came to the right place! - Page 2

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*026*2018-11-15 16:23

@Jimmy Olsen

@Mrgala21

Here's that requested piece of fiction with the sleepover! Hope you enjoy it as much as I did!

Anna was sitting on her friend's couch. The two of them were watching a movie together, enjoying their sleepover. Even though it seemed like Anna was having a pleasant time, she really wasn't. She had to poo. Badly. But, she was too shy to even use her friend's bathroom. It would be too embarrassing!

The movie began, and Anna squirmed quietly in place. Jade was so concentrated on the intro of the movie, that she didn't even notice her friend squirming. Anna's stomach rumbled deeply, causing her to whince.

It has been 45 minutes since the movie began, and Anna was still as desperate as ever. Her bowels gurgled deeply, causing her to place a hand on her stomach. Anna had to fart. Maybe it would give her some sort of relief!

Anna slowly raised her bum from the soft couch, and pushed slightly. A quiet "Brrrrrrrrfffffft" crept from her bum. Her friend did not hear Anna blow some air, thankfully. Anna slowly sat back down onto her butt. Then it hit her. The smell.

The smell of a fart wafted up to Anna's nose. It smelled a bit of crap, but wasn't too strong. Oddly enough, Jade hadn't taken notice to the smell. Maybe she didn't even notice?

15 minutes later, Anna's bowels were constantly rumbling and in pain. Anna was reaching the peak of desperation. Then a thought came to her mind.

"What if I let some out..? It wouldn't smell too bad, and I could relieve myself a little.. Maybe I should.." Anna thought to herself. It was daring, but she thought it would be worth a shot.

Anna lifted her bum up from the couch. Her bowels expelled a silent fart unexpectedly. Anna blushed, then began pushing.

The sound of the movie didn't allow Jade to hear it, but a muffled cracking sound resonated from Anna's rear. A log of poo slowly pushed out, slightly tenting the rear of Anna's sleeping pants and panties. She continued pushing the log out, inch by inch. The log then abruptly slid out into the seat of Anna's panties, then she stopped pushing. Anna had just pooed herself on purpose.

Anna blushed, her bum raised a couple inches from the couch. She couldn't think of anything to do. Then she realized, she couldn't stay raised over the couch like this! Jade would notice!

Anna slowly descended her bum lower. The small bulge in the rear of her pants met with the couch. She blushed as she stopped holding herself up, and let all the weight down on her bum again.

The small amount of mess smushed across her rear, causing her to blush. She couldn't smell anything but a faint odour of crap. You would have to be looking specifically for the smell of poo to notice. But despite the slight bit of relief, Anna still had to go really badly.

After another 15 minutes passed, the movie ended, and Jade was tired and ready for bed.

"Anna? I think we should hit the sack" She said as she yawned. "I'm getting really sleepy."

"Y-yeah! Me too. Let's go slip into the sleeping bags." Anna said.

Jade got up, stretched, then made her way up the stairs. Anna went behind Jade so she wouldn't notice what she had done. By the time Anna had gotten up to her friends room, Jade was already in her sleeping bag. Anna slowly climbed inside hers, then laid on her belly. She couldn't go use the restroom to finish and clean up. Jade would notice for sure!

After around 4 hours, they both were sleeping soundly. Anna's urge to go had reached its peak as she slept, causing her to squirm in her sleep. Then, without warning, a crackly squish emanated from the lower part of her sleeping bag. A soft log began pushing from Anna's bum, causing her pants to tent out more. Her new mess mixed with the old. Her pants just bulged out as she slept, pooing herself again.

The log slid out, then came the other. This time, it wasn't much of a log, but more of firm mush. It pushed out, and stretched the rear of Anna's pants to their stretching point.

The last of the mess pushed out into her panties. Then the bubbly crackling sounds stopped. Little did Anna kniw that she had just pooed herself in her sleep.

The next morning came, and Jade woke up. However, she didn't wake up to the pleasant smells of her room. She woke to the smells of crap.

"Oh god... What is that smell?" she questioned. Then Anna woke up, groggy as ever. She looked over at Jade sleepily.

"morning Jade.." Anna said sleepily.

"Anna! What is that smell?"

Then Anna realized. It was her. She tensed her butt a little, and felt a lot of mush squish about. She realized something bad happened! She realized that she had just done a poo in her sleep!

"D-did you just... P-poop yourself?" Jade questioned. Anna couldn't help but just nod guiltily. Anna had just embarrassed herself in front of her friend.

*028*2018-11-16 18:16

{{On 11/15/2018 at 12:33 PM, Mrgala21 said:

That was perfect! Thank you so much. The detail was fantastic

}}

Haha no problem, dude. I'm glad you liked it. I quite liked it a lot myself, too.

*031*2018-11-19 16:52

{{On 11/16/2018 at 11:55 PM, Jimmy Olsen said:

That story stretched believability a little, but it was fun to read. Thanks for writing!

}}

Yeah, I was quite busy the day I wrote it so I had to write it at different times of the day. I'm glad you still liked it though!

*032*2018-11-30 14:45

Hey all! I have some rather unfortunate news.. The hard drive for my laptop had fried and took a massive shit due to an editing program I had recently installed.. I am currently unable to take any requests until I get my laptop fixed, and trust me. I tried typing stories on my phone, but the problem with that lies on two things; for one, my phone is currently just a placeholder till I get money to get a note 9, meaning my current phone is really slow and unresponsive. And for two, typing on the phone would take me days just to do one piece of fiction due to how slow my device is. Again, I am very sorry for any inconvenience caused by this. Maybe we could chat in pm until my laptop gets fixed! All up to you! ?

*035*2018-12-11 18:32

{{On 12/3/2018 at 1:57 AM, Jimmy Olsen said:

Sorry to hear that! I hope your laptop gets fixed soon, for your sake as well as ours.

On the bright side, this could serve as inspiration for writing. Imagine one of those cute anime robot girls taking a massive shit due to faulty software someone installs in her.

}}

Hey Jimmy!

Yeah, I have been working to get a new hard drive for the thing. That's why I am hoping you all can help each other out with fiction requests while I'm unable to write! And yeah, that is a good way to see the situation! Let's hope that robot is wearing some tight jeans ?

Anyhoo, thanks for the concern!

~Void

*037*2018-12-23 20:33

{{9 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

All the ones that come to mind either wear pretty dresses or futuristic workout gear, but who knows with robots? I take it you have a thing for tight jeans?

}}

For me, yes. I have a huge thing for tight pants that are tight to show curves, but still bulge out when soiled. Like yoga pants, tight shorts, etc.

