Mettle Found Wanting

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2019-03-21 20:14

A gentle, steady wind blew over the fields of Bardam's Mettle, the skies clear and the sun offering just enough warmth to the steppe that R'owahn didn't feel a chill. The tailored jacket she wore was more than enough to keep her comfortable. Checking over her gear once more, she gave nod to their party's leader, a Roegadyn with a sword and shield. R'owahn herself was equipped with a rapier and focus, having decided to try out 'red magic'. While not the best at it, it was still rather interesting, and her body naturally had a vast resevoir of aether to draw from, it seemed. Taking a small flask of green tea from her bag, she tipped it up and took a long draft from it. It seemed to help quiet and focus her mind, and she had been sipping at it for the past bell in preperation.

The group set out through the gauntlet, easily dispatching various beastkin and other enemies along the path. R'owahn herself didn't fare too badly either, loosing spell after spell in a dance of elements while offering up the occasional slash or thrust to those that got too close. She was thankful that her party seemed competent... thus far, anyroad.

They reached a stretch of Bardam's Mettle that consisted of stone walkways over flowing, whitewater rapids. It was here that the Seeker of the Sun noticed a building pressure in her lower abdomen. It seemed all that tea, while it helped her focus on her role, had quickly made it's way through her body to her bladder... and the running water below wasn't helping in the slightest. While normally the miqo'te would merely duck behind a bush or boulder to relieve herself, now was not a convenient time... nor was she willing to tell a group of people she met merely a few days ago that she desperately needed to pee!

After dealing with stone constructs along the walkways, they came to a large pavilion, with a massive golem blocking their way. A booming voice rang out, neither angry nore benevolent. "Yea, you who would walk after Bardam! He who was strong as the earth, swift as a horse, brave as the thunder! You who would become Warriors of the Steppe, with death will you dance!"

R'owahn gulped, feeling a quiver pass through her small body as she lamented the fight they had ahead of them. How were they to fight this thing!? The fear certainly didn't help her bladder predicament, narrowly avoiding letting a dribbling of her pent-up pee into her black silken panties. Stepping into the circle, a strange sensation overcame them; Their arms weak and aether suppressed. Somehow, they were incapable of fighting. What did it want?

Her musings were answered with the arrival of a stone golem. Suddenly, the group was pulled towards it, before it reared up and prepared to smash the ground. Jumping backward, R'owahn managed to dodge the first upheaval... and feeling the ground tremble, she dodged the second as well. The black mage, unfortunately, was not as nimble, and was lifted up from the ground after being hit by both, magical chains wrapped around him. However, he seemed unharmed by the attacks...

Several more attacks came, varying from straight beams of energy to falling meteors. Finally, a series of fireballs were launched at R'owahn... however, it seems between her awkward shoe style, and her current need, she wasn't as nimble as she thought she was; She tripped on a crack, and was hit twice... yet, as she suspected, it didn't hurt at all.

As she was lifted up into the air, the magical chains wrapped around her body and squeezed. Letting out a cry, she grimaced and struggled to hold on, hoping her party members would succeed where she, or specifically her wardrobe, had failed. Damn that tailor!

Unfortunately, they failed, and had to start the trial over. Again they were forced to dodge attacks, and again R'owahn's attire proved a poor choice as she was bound and forced to pray to the Twelve that her comrades would succeed... and that her smallclothes would stay dry. In the end, it came down to the Roegadyn, the Paladin somehow dancing around attacks despite wearing full plate. Damn she was good...

Finally, the Golem was satisfied. Offering it's congratulations, it opened a path for them before disappearing. The group rallied around the Paladin, cheering her on for her amazing feat, before turning to note the Miqo'te still standing where she was before...

R'owahn's knees and thighs were pressed together, both hands pressed deep into her skirt. Her eyes squinted shut, her tail lashed behind her as she stood frozen. Internally the poor girl was trying her damndest to control herself. Unfortunetely the pressure wouldn't abate; Her crotch and even her thighs were almost numb. She held, she held and she held... until she began to feel a warmth in place of whatever feeling was there before... warmth and wetness.

It began as a spurt or two, which turned into a slight dribble. Slitted, cat-like eyes shot open and went wide as she felt her body betray her, the dribble turning into a stream, then a torrent as the warmth filled the gusset of her panties. Holding herself through her skirt proved to be a terrible idea, as it caused the fabric to be soaked as well as the waterfall of pee poured from the miqo'te, flowing down her leggings, onto the ground and even splattering those ridiculous boots.

It seemed to last an era, R'owahn frozen in place as her body released it's waters against her will. The puddle beneath her grew and grew, refusing to soak into the stone. By the time her bladder began to ease off, her lower body was soaked; her panties were wet from front to back, her leggings had multiple dark trails running down her legs, and the shoes had little dots and streams of their own running over the leather. It was obvious to everyone looking at her that the poor girl had completely, and utterly urinated on herself, down to the last drop.

Finally snapping back to reality, she straightened herself out, her hand moving from her skirt to show a saucer-sized wet spot on the front. The hem of the back of it was also wet, from having bent over. A slight sniffle sounded from her, but she stopped short of bursting into tears when a gauntleted hand rested on her head.

Looking up, the Roegadyn smiled sweetly at her. In her eyes was a look of understanding and sympathy... not of ridicule. While no words were said, R'owahn felt relieved, and not just from having just peed; their leader also didn't seem to be judging her for having lost control. There was a seemingly unspoken pact made that this would not leave Bardam's Mettle.

The rest of the trials went without a hitch, and the party disbanded shortly after. R'owahn, still, was thankful that her accident didn't end up becoming public knowledge... although she decided from now on she would take it easy when hydrating before entering someplace potentially dangerous!

