Peeing ourselves in bus

Author: sunita

*000*2017-05-25 11:12

It happened to me and my friend when we were travelling by bus.

I and my bestie had to attend a function in her village, which is 600kms far. It takes nearly 10hrs to reach despite travelling in a super fast Express bus. We went on for a quick shopping, what took like 3hrs :p. We came to the bus stop at 6PM, the bus was scheduled for 7PM. It was hot day and we had felt thirsty. We looked around to find any shop to buy a water bottle that we had forgotten to pack. Soon she pointed at a sugarcane juice center on our platform. We had a full glass of it and bought a 2L water bottle from the shop. It was still 15min left for the bus to arrive, she got a call from her mother, she was warning us to not eat or drink anything as it may become difficult for us to hold our bladders, we laughingly told ok, nomatter we had already done what was not supposed to be as per her oders. before disconnecting the call she also advised to use toilets at the bus stop before boarding. Both of us were in no need and directly boarded the bus.

After one hour of our journey both of us felt the urge to pee. I patted on her lap and displayed my pinky finger. She whispered back saying that she too need it. We controlled it for almost another hour, I mustered some courage and asked the conductor inquiring that when are they stopping for dinner, he replied saying 11PM, which was 2 more hours. We kept our legs crossed, It was almost 11 when the bus stopped at a road side dhaba. Luckily for us there were decent toilets but unfortunately there was a big queue. We were not even moved in the queue and it was time for bus to move. My friend was already in teary eyes.

After another half an hour into the journey we asked the bus driver to stop, but he refused saying he had already stopped and there will be no stops again. Helplessly we came back to our seat. We tried controlling, my friend was grabbing herself tight. The highway was under construction, soon we entered a rough road, which made the bus to bump on every pothole that it hit. With each pot hole it hit i started to spurt. that was it for the full bladder, everything went in vein as we both lost control on our bladders and wetted our dress and the bus seat.

My friend was crying after the accident, I was very much upset.

We both continued our journey in our wet dress, reeking with pee.

