STP - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*025*2023-11-07 19:46

Written for the Omovember prompt "While Visiting An Aquarium".

***

Avery was really looking forward to reaching the aquarium. He loved fish, and one of the things he wanted most in the world was to become a marine biologist. He had visited this aquarium many times before, but he’d never gotten bored of it. It had several of the species he liked best, such as the spiky lionfish, the ferocious piranha, and the bright, vibrant angelfish. There was even a tank with his most favorite fish of all, the stoplight parrotfish.

Avery had his own parrotfish in his room, named Harper. Harper was the first fish he’d gotten after Uncle Brad had taken him in. Brad had already bought a fish-tank for him before he’d come to get him from the ‘therapy’ center, and he wanted Avery to be the one to pick the fish. Avery had had a difficult time choosing, because they all looked cool to him. But, then Uncle Brad had told him something really cool about the parrotfish, and Avery suddenly knew exactly which one he wanted.

And, every time he visited the aquarium, he’d always spend more time watching the parrotfish than he did any of the others. He couldn’t wait to see them again.

A thud as the bus careened over a speed-bump reminded Avery that there was another reason he was excited to get to the aquarium. He may have been just a little TOO excited about this school trip, because he’d done something that he hadn’t done in ages; He accidentally left his apartment without peeing first. He just completely forgot to do it.

By the time he realized he was still holding his morning pee, he was nearly at school and didn’t want to make himself late finding somewhere to go to the bathroom. There was no time to pee before getting on the bus, but he’d been pretty confident in his ability to hold it.

That confidence was starting to wane. Even though he’d been living in New York for a while, he still wasn’t used to the traffic— He just wasn’t out IN it much. He took the subway everywhere, so sure, he’d SEE all the roads jammed up, but just walking past that was a far-cry from being trapped inside it— Especially with a full bladder.

Crossing his legs just tight enough to stave off a few of the pangs, Avery sighed; “I don’t get it, if we’re not leaving the city this time, why do we have to take the bus? Can’t we all just ride on the subway?”

Lydia glanced at him, he noticed her looking at his legs and quickly uncoiled them. “I’ve never gone on the subway for a school trip,” she said. “It’s always the bus.”

“But, why? It takes so much longer!”

“I dunno,” Lydia admitted. “I guess it’s easier for one of us to get lost if we’re on the subway.”

“Most of us are eighteen,” Avery groaned. “We’re way too old to just wander off and forget where we are.” As he said this, he tried to forget the twenty-seven or so times he’d managed to get himself lost in the city so far.

Lydia didn’t let him forget it, though, “But, lots of the times you call me, it’s just so I can tell you how to get back home.”

Avery blushed and, when he realized his legs were starting to fidget again, he felt his face reddening more. “That’s different,” he said. “A lot of you guys grew up here— My hometown only had a population of, like, a thousand, and pretty much every place you’d ever need to go was on just one street.”

Avery shifted and glanced out the window. He didn’t want to admit it, but he had no idea how close they were to the aquarium now. Even though he’d gone to it tons of times. He wasn’t used to being on the roads, everything looked unfamiliar.

“So, they had a dance club next to a doctor’s office where you lived?” Lydia asked. “That’s weird…”

“No— There weren’t any dance clubs,” Avery said. “Or pizza restaurants, or hot dog vendors, or— Most of the things you’re used to here. And, if you had to go to the doctor, you’d need to go to the next town over.”

“Oh… I’m sorry, did I say something silly again?”

“No,” Avery assured. The bus went over another bump and he gripped onto his knee to keep it from bouncing. “Don’t wor—“

“Do you have to pee?” Lydia asked suddenly.

Avery said nothing, but he released his knee and allowed it jiggle. He thought that probably counted as an answer.

“S—Sorry…” Lydia flinched. “I didn’t mean to embarrass you. It’s just, you always make the same face Pauline does when she has to go, so I—“ she paused, watching Avery’s blush intensify. “I’m… Making it worse, right?”

“It’s fine, it’s fine…” Avery said. Reluctantly, he added; “How close are we? I can’t tell— I’m used to just paying attention to the stops on the subway.”

“Ummm…” Lydia looked out the window. “We’re not that far away,” she said. “Maybe thirty minutes if the traffic stays good.”

“Thirty minu— Wait, ‘stays good’?!” Avery repeated. “We’ve gotten stuck for, like, five minutes at every light!”

“I know,” Lydia said. “That’s not so bad. One time, my Dad got stuck in a jam for ten hours.”

Avery stopped bouncing his knee so that he could cross his ankles again. The longest he’d been stuck in traffic had been when he and his parents were driving back towards town. He’d spent some of that time in tears because he needed to pee so badly that it was making him feel sick, and his parents refused to just let him go on the side of the road no matter how much he begged. He hadn’t been able to make it, and when he wet his seat, that had just gotten them angrier.

He shuddered at the memory, and his bladder throbbed recalling how agonizingly full it had gotten that day. Avery told himself that he wasn’t going to wet the seat below him today. And, even if he did, he’d just get made fun of. No one would take off their belt and strike him with it.

Lydia was looking at him oddly now, “Avery…?”

Avery blinked, realizing that he’d sort of… Gotten a little ‘lost’ in the memory. That happened sometimes, he’d think too much about his parents and kind of forget where he was and what he was doing. “I’m— I’m fine,” he said. “Just hope we get there soon.”

It wasn’t THAT much further, but few things felt ‘soon’ enough for Avery’s bladder at that point. It was aching as they finally pulled up to the aquarium, and he was repeatedly going over the route to the restroom in his mind. It wasn’t a long walk, he just hoped he could get there without spilling anything. His bladder felt filled to the edge, it would be very easy to accidentally tip it over.

Avery had to be very careful as he got to his feet. Pee surged downwards and his opening stung as pressure battered up against it. Oh, he was NEVER leaving the apartment without using the bathroom first again…

Everyone leaving the bus ahead of him seemed to be moving unusually slowly. He had way less space out in the aisle too. It was a struggle to cross his legs or bend over very far. His control was fraying even faster, body unable to contort as much as it wanted. Why was everybody being so slow?! ‘Please hurry,’ he thought. ‘Hurry up. I don’t wanna wet my pants, please hurry!’

Agonized step by agonized step, Avery made it towards the front of the bus. He fought not to grown as he awkwardly forced himself down the steps and onto the pavement outside. In spite of how gingerly he’d moved, his feet still landed a bit too harshly and his bladder was shaken to such a degree that a tiny droplet seeped its way out.

He fought not to let that drip turn into two, not to let dripping turn into actually peeing. He was forced to jiggle up and down on the spot as he waited for the rest of his classmates to get out. He turned, looking at the entrance to the aquarium. The toilet, he knew, would be just a few paces away once he got inside. He started to hobble that way, hoping he could just go ahead and pee now.

But, Ms. Dawson stopped him, “Wait for everyone else, Avery,” she said.

Avery squirmed and stopped walking. His body demanded that he keep moving, bladder screaming at him to just explain what he was in such a rush for. ‘The worst she can say is no,’ Avery reminded himself. But, if she did say no, and Avery couldn’t stop himself from getting frantic…

Lydia stood beside him, “Just tell her you need to pee,” she whispered. “Do you want me to ask for you?”

Avery shook his head, blushing. “It’ll only be a minu—“

Before he even finished that sentence, the entire class had already gathered and Ms. Dawson was leading them inside. Avery exhaled slowly, still red. He was glad he hadn’t tried to argue. It would have been REALLY embarrassing to act like he couldn’t hang on just one more minute.

Once they were through the door, Ms. Dawson said “Now, I want each of you to pay careful attention to all the different species of fish here. You’ll have to choose a favorite to write a report on.”

Avery wriggled, eyes fixated on the door to the restroom. The longer he looked at it, the worse the sick tremor spasming through his bladder hurt. He raised his hand up anxiously.

“Save your questions until I’ve explained everything,” Ms. Dawson said. “Your reports should cover what part of the world the species lives in, its diet, predators, and…”

As Ms. Dawson continued, Avery rocked back and forth on his feet. The toilet was RIGHT there… Maybe, if he sprinted off to it, he wouldn’t get in much trouble. Ms. Dawson would realize ‘Oh, Avery really needs to pee,’ and it wouldn’t be a big deal. He actually THOUGHT that would be the case, the teachers at his new school were a lot more understanding about such things than the ones at his old school had been.

It would also be so embarrassing though, frantically running off to the restroom, making it obvious to everyone that he was having an emergency. Ms. Dawson paused, and Avery raised his hand again.

“Yes, Avery, I did say five pages,” Ms. Dawson said.

“That’s not what I was going to ask…” Avery sighed quietly. He crossed his legs back together, forcing his eyes closed since he couldn’t stop looking at the bathrooms. Staring at them was only making him need to go worse. His bladder didn’t understand why it was still full when he was so close to a toilet.

Avery tried to pay attention to what Ms. Dawson was saying. He knew he would have an easy time with the assignment. He could write a five page report about the parrotfish without even having to do any new research. The only thing that made him worry was when Ms. Dawson explained that everyone would have to READ their reports out to the rest of the class. Avery was terrible at things like that. He didn’t like having so many eyes on him. He struggled not to squirm when just ONE person was looking at him for very long.

He was struggling not to squirm NOW, but for a different reason. His bladder was so stretched that his skin burned trying to wrap around it. It felt heavy, too. He kept stepping in place, his knees pinched together and rubbing. The toilets were SO close—

He needed to stop thinking about them. He could use one in just a few minutes, he had to stay quiet and hold it for now. He should think about what he’d write in his report. Before going to sleep, parrotfish sometimes made cocoons from the mucus that came out of their gills, which masked their scent and hid them from predators. Parrotfish had really tough teeth so that they could eat coral. Parrotfish could—

Parrotfish could always just pee wherever they were, and no one even noticed since they were already wet! That wasn’t fair, a fish like Harper didn’t even know what it felt like to need to go really, really bad and not be allowed to. Avery wished he could be a fish, just for a few minutes, just long enough to empty his bladder. Why couldn’t humans just grow gills and go live underwater, too?

Finally, Ms. Dawson paused again and Avery raised his hand one more time. ‘Please, just let me ask…’

“Alright, Avery,” Ms. Dawson said. “What is it?”

“May I please go to the restroom?” Avery requested, trying not to blush.

“Yes,” Ms. Dawson told him.

Finally… Avery hurried to the door for the men’s room and yanked it open. His bladder cramped sharply as soon as he was able to look inside. Palming his zipper and straining his thighs together, he rushed in the direction of the stall and ran into his next obstacle.

There was only one stall, and it had a sign tacked to it stating that it was out of order.

With a cringing, little bounce Avery turned around. Nerves pinged in his chest and his lip got caught between his teeth. He only ever used the stall when he came here, and there was a good reason for that.

The urinals were mounted slightly further up the wall than they were in most places. They were JUST a bit too high for Avery to actually REACH. He also couldn’t aim UP with his STP, gravity just didn’t work that way, he’d end up with most of his pee splashing back onto him.

Maybe he’d gotten tiny bit taller since the last time he’d come here. At his age, he didn’t have much hope of ever having another growth spurt, he was doomed to be exactly five feet tall for the rest of his life. But, if he’d grown just a few extra centimeters without noticing it, he thought those urinals would be usable for him.

He anxiously approached them and stood in front of one. His crotch was still below the bowl. If he unzipped and started peeing, he’d just go on the floor. He stretched himself up onto the tips of his toes, which sent an agonizing shudder through his bladder and made him feel, for a second, as though his midsection was being torn. Standing that way ALMOST made him tall enough, but not quite. Plus, he couldn’t move his legs apart far enough to get his STP into the right spot.

For the briefest of moments, frustration managed to overtake desperation as his most intense feeling. Why did his body have to have so many things wrong with it? Why couldn’t he just be a normal guy, who could aim his piss in any direction and didn’t have to worry about getting a funnel into the correct place? And, if he couldn’t have THAT, why couldn’t he at least be taller?

Avery was so small compared to other guys— He doubted anyone else who came here had trouble using the urinals just because of how high up they were. Avery was small even compared to most women! He hated it! His height was his biggest ‘tell’, the thing he was sure everyone zeroed in on before deciding that he wasn’t like other guys.

And now he couldn’t use a urinal because of it, one more reminder that he was different and always would be.

Avery squirmed and shifted his weight around. He knew this wasn’t the time to get depressed, he still had a very pressing issue he needed to take care of. Standing around in front of a urinal that he couldn’t properly use was fixing nothing, it was just making his bladder pound more and more strongly.

It wasn’t like the stall was walled off. Even if it was locked, he could just crawl underneath the door. God, that would feel gross, but if it got him to the toilet, maybe whatever was wrong with it wasn’t so bad? Maybe he could still use it? He had to use SOMETHING…

He tried to peek in through the slits on the stall door, and that sliver of a view was enough to tell him that he couldn’t pee in it— And he was SO glad that he’d checked before getting down on the floor.

He couldn’t just not pee, though! It would take a while to get through the aquarium, and even if he made it through all that, he would definitely explode on the bus back to school. His only option was to make an impassioned plea to use the bathroom in a different building before they left, and that would be humiliating.

His eyes fell on the garbage can beside the door. THAT was something he COULD reach. It was mostly empty, too. His pee would all dry up before anyone had to take the bag out. No one would ever know. It would certainly be better than leaving a big puddle on the floor somewhere, which was probably GOING to happen if he didn’t find something he could use soon.

He’d just have to do it fast, and hope no one walked in on him before he was finished. Decision made, he hobbled over to the trash can. Ohhh, it felt like his bladder was SLOSHING, waves fighting one another and colliding against his trembling sphincters. ‘Just a few more seconds,’ he thought. This was far from how he would have PREFERRED to relieve himself, but he was at the point where that didn’t matter too much anymore. All he cared about was getting his bladder good and emptied.

He unbuttoned his jeans, already slackening with relief as the sharp thing stopped digging into the distended curve of his abdomen. He tugged down his zipper, the sound of it moving making him jiggle as a little spurt ebbed out before he was ready. He reached into his boxers, ohhhhh finally, he couldn’t wait another sec—

The door beside him swung open and he froze, a surprised jet of liquid squirted from between his thighs, but it quickly died off when he saw who had intruded on him— It was the worst person possible.

“The Hell are you doing?” Liam asked, staring at Avery’s opened pants and the way he was still bouncing.

Avery thought it was pretty OBVIOUS what he was doing, but he tried to brush it off. Painstakingly, he zipped his pants back up, bladder throbbing in protest. He’d go once Liam left, he promised himself. He’d endure a couple more minutes of torture. “Eheh… Uh… Forgot to zip, how embarra—“

“Were you going to take a piss in the trash can?” Liam prompted. “Jesus, what’s wrong with you?” He sighed. “I mean, I KNOW some of the things that are wrong with you, but that’s a new level.”

“I wasn’t,” Avery said softly. “I—“

Liam glanced around, spotting the closed stall. “So, because you can’t piss in a urinal, you were gonna sit on the trash can?”

“N—No— I—“ Avery’s face burned. All he could think to say was; “I CAN use a urinal, you’ve seen me do it before.”

“I’ve seen you PRETEND,” Liam said. “Since that’s ALL you do.” He walked over to one of the urinals and unzipped, immediately pissing out a strong stream. “Ahhhhhh….” He moaned, a little TOO loudly for Avery. “Now, THAT’S better…” He sighed once more. “You know, NORMAL people grow out of playing dress-up by the time they’re five.”

“I’m n—not playing—“ Avery shuddered, trying his best to block out the sound of Liam’s stream. Liam wasn’t even THAT much taller than him— Just one more measly inch and Avery would be able to use that urinal no problem!

“You are,” Liam said, zipping back up and flushing the urinal.

Avery’s thighs strained and his knees buckled at the noise. So much rushing water…. He was getting dizzy.

“And, you’ve got all these people playing along with you,” Liam added. “But, they’re just humoring you. I’m not going to play your stupid game.” He flicked on the sink, full blast.

Avery’s stomach knotted. His bladder was so full that he felt nauseas. He was beginning to debate pissing in the trash can with Liam still there, but the shame held him back.

Liam let the sink KEEP running long after he’d pulled his hands out from beneath the faucet. When he finally switched it back off, he turned to Avery “I think we should go tell Ms. Dawson what you were trying to do.”

“I wasn’t trying to do ANYTHING.”

“Sure,” Liam shrugged. “Then, I guess you don’t still need to pee?”

Avery realized what his choices were then; He could admit that he still had to go really fucking badly, and then Liam would drag him out to tattle on him, and he wouldn’t get to go. Or, he could claim that his bladder was already empty and he’d never had any intention of using the trash can, stay out of trouble, and still not get to go. There was nothing he could do that would result in him getting to pee any time soon.

He tried for option two. “N—Nope,” he said. “I’m fine.”

Liam stared at him, “Uncross your legs then, and put your hands by your side. Stay like that for thirty seconds.”

Avery didn’t understand why he felt so compelled to comply with everything Liam said. Maybe if he wasn’t here by himself, if someone he trusted was there with him, he wouldn’t give up so easily. He forced his legs apart and let his hands dangle loosely at his sides. Immediately, pressure scorched at his opening, rapidly becoming bright hot. Warmth trickled out very, very slowly. He was scared Liam could hear the liquid soaking into his boxers. He was peeing himself, drop by painful drop, exerting all his willpower to keep it from turning into a noisy, gushing stream.

His toes twitched in his shoes and his thighs quivered. He could feel his arms shaking, shoulders tensing. He hoped Liam wouldn’t notice those things.

Liam counted to thirty at a snail’s pace, then said “Oh, I guess you don’t have to pee. That’s good, I’d hate to have to get you in trouble.”

Liam started to leave, and Avery knew he had to follow. His bladder convulsed violently as he left the restroom without emptying it. His brain was fogged over with panic; He could NOT hold this in all the way back to school. His boxers felt clammy and damp already, he’d spilled so much when Liam had forbidden him from squirming. The rest was going to come out very soon.

Liam paused, “But, if you DO still need to pee a little, you should use the women’s room— You ARE a woman, after all.”

Maybe Avery would consider that as a solution some other time. He’d go get Lydia and tell her to check if it was empty, then have her stand by the door until he was done. Easy.

But, that was what Liam WANTED.

Liam wanted Avery to be forced to use the women’s room, so that he could torment him about it for months to come. So, Avery couldn’t do it. He had to get away from Liam and back to the trash can, or hold on until he found another restroom.

“I’m not a woman,” Avery said. “And, if I go in there, any girls using it will get freaked out.” He rubbed his ankles together. “A—And I don’t have to pee anymore, anyway.”

“Sure,” Liam nodded. “Whatever you say.”

They caught back up with the rest of the class, and Avery struggled to reach Lydia past everyone else. He was nudged harshly in the side a few times, prompting him to grab at his crotch to stem any further leakage. “Lydia…” he whispered once he was beside her again.

“Liam left a few minutes after you,” Lydia whispered back. “He didn’t bother you, did he?”

“He did,” Avery said. “But, the bigger problem is that I still need—“ He was interrupted when a warm burst of liquid flooded into his boxers. It took him completely by surprise, as he hadn’t experienced any warning spasms in the moments leading up to it. He thrust his hands between his legs and bent forwards.

“You… Still need to pee?” Lydia gathered.

“Bad,” Avery said. “The stall was busted, and I’m too short to use the urinals here. I can’t hold—“

“Shhh…” Ms. Dawson said. “No whispering. Now, this section has other sea creatures you may be interested in— Even though an octopus is not a fish, you are free to write your report about them if you’d like. Everyone, break off into pairs now, and look around.”

Avery relaxed just the slightest bit at that, it would be easier to talk to Lydia now. As the others dispersed, Avery turned to her and hissed “I really can’t hold it anymore, and Liam came in while I was trying to— While I was about to…” He bit down on his tongue. Now that he was about to say out-loud— and to Lydia— that he’d desperately wanted to flood a garbage can with gallons of his long-held piss, he was more aware of how embarrassing that actually was.

“I was going to… peeinthegarbagecan,” Avery rushed out. “B—Because it was an emergency, and I just had to go somewhere. But, Liam came in, and he gave me shit like always, and he made me listen to him go, and stand still for thirty seconds. And, now I don’t have anywhere to go, but if I don’t go, I’ll—“

“O—Okay,” Lydia interrupted. “Don’t worry, Avery. I’ll make sure nobody’s in the women’s room and keep watch for y—“

“L—Liam is expecting me to do that,” Avery said. “A—And he’ll find out, and he’ll be even worse than usual.”

“Liam won’t find out,” Lydia tried to assure. “You think he’s gonna just stand by the bathrooms?”

“It’s Liam, that’s probably exactly what he’s doing,” Avery said. “You can go check.”

“Okay,” Lydia agreed.

She was only gone for a couple minutes, and when she returned she confirmed that Liam WAS hanging around near the restrooms. So, if Avery attempted to go in the men’s room again, Liam would assume he was flooding the trash can— And he’d be right— and immediately go tell on him. If Avery attempted to go in the women’s room, Liam would bring it up every time they were near one another.

Both were off limits.

“Ohhhhh…” Avery groaned, bouncing in place. “I’ll— I’ll hold it. I’ll just— I’ll hold it. Gotta— Gotta distract myself.”

Lydia worried at her lip. MAYBE Avery would be able to wait until they left the aquarium, but the bus ride would be more than enough to pop his bladder. There had to be some way for him to go before then, otherwise he WOULD have an accident for sure.

Avery shakily wandered through the aquarium. Even though he knew his way around it perfectly well, and knew exactly what rooms did and did not exist inside it, a part of him still hoped that another bathroom would materialize at some point. It didn’t, of course.

Just, room after room filled with fish-tanks, all stuffed to the brim with water. Watching the fish swim was not soothing like it usually was, all he could pay attention to was how the water moved around them, the bubbles that formed. He could hear the water in some of the tanks splashing as well as the filters moved it around.

“Hey, here’s the parrotfish,” Lydia said, trying to take his mind off his bladder. “They’re your favorites, right?”

“R—Right…” Avery said, limping over. “Th—They’re the ones I’ll d—do my report on, they’re—- Nnnnh— Neat… And— Ahhh—“ He gestured to the tank. It was a pretty big one, going from floor to ceiling. With gallons and gallons of water filling it up. Avery swore he was holding the same amount as the fish tank was. And now he couldn’t stop imagining himself climbing into it and just… Just relaxing, pissing himself empty. He wondered if any of the employees ever did that when they had to go inside the big tanks. “I— Lydia, I don’t know how much longer I can take this.”

Lydia furrowed her brow, “Okay… Um… How about this; I’m strong, I can lift you up a bit so you can reach the urinal.”

The thought of Lydia holding him while he gushed out a fucking tsunami… And, that would be an awkward position too. What if the cup of his STP got out of place and he ended up spilling on both of them?

“Oh, no… That wouldn’t work,” Lydia realized. “Liam is probably still there, so if I go in the men’s room we’ll get in trouble…”

Yeah. That too. Liam would go tell Ms. Dawson, and then he and Lydia would be found in a very compromising position. Even if they explained what they were doing, Avery would still be in the arms of a girl with his pants unzipped, it wouldn’t look right.

“Let’s go explain it to Ms. Dawson, then,” Lydia said. “She’ll let you go next door or something.”   Avery blushed, “Would she?” He asked. “A—At my old school, they’d never let someone wander off on a trip like that…” He was picturing himself having to beg…

“I think so,” Lydia said. “I mean, like you said earlier, we’re eighteen… And, if she KNOWS where you are, it’s not a big deal.”

It didn’t take too long to find their teacher, but it was still long enough for Avery to spring a few more leaks. His hands were permanently welded between his legs by then, embarrassing him immensely. It was humiliating to be so needy in front of Lydia, of course, but for some reason he found himself feeling self-conscious about doing a pee-dance in front of the fish, too. They wouldn’t understand why he was moving so weirdly, if they had any idea of what was causing his discomfort, they were wondering why he didn’t just let it flow right where he was like THEY all did.

He was aware that his desperation was probably starting to drive him a little crazy.

“Ms. Dawson?” Lydia asked once they’d found her. “Avery… Um…”

Ms. Dawson turned around, “Avery, what— Could you not find the restroom? It’s right by the—“

“I— I found it,” Avery said. “I know where it is, b—but the stall’s out of order, and um…” he rocked on his heels. This was so mortifying. “I’m… too short to use the urinals here, I’m— Yeah…”

Ms. Dawson looked at him oddly for a second, and Avery bristled beneath her gaze. He realized she was probably just surprised to learn that he could use ANY urinals to begin with.

“I’m, uh, not gonna make it back to school, can I go find somewhere else? I’ll be fast, I promise, I’ll come right ba—“

“Yeah, go,” Ms. Dawson said, surprising Avery.

He hadn’t needed to plead his case after all… He wished he’d just done this from the beginning.

“But… Lydia, you go with him,” Ms. Dawson told them. “I’m not supposed to let anyone go off by themselves.”

Avery didn’t mind that, he was just relieved to be allowed to go at all. They left out the back exit, to avoid passing by Liam, and Avery turned to the right spotting a small shop. Lydia shook her head, “That place will make you buy something to use the toilet,” she said. “This way.”

Avery was grateful Lydia had come along. If he’d run into another road-block like that, he probably would have lost it.

They went to the deli next door to the aquarium instead, and Avery immediately spotted the doors to the restroom, he rushed that way, hoping he didn’t appear too rude. He locked the door behind himself, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants as he turned back around.

The urinal HERE wasn’t too high for him to reach, he had no trouble at all aiming for it, and immediately his pent-up stream burst forth, spattering the porcelain with a heavy hiss. His shoulders went slack right away and a fluttery groan of satisfaction seeped from his lips. Relaxing more into his release, he felt his back shiver, his bladder slowly shrinking and compressing until it no longer felt like it was about to claw its way out of his body.

When the last few dribbles slid out and he was at last emptied of half-a-day’s worth of urine, he moaned once more as he zipped up. Muuuuch better.

He washed his hands off quickly, then sheepishly left the restroom. He knew he’d probably looked a bit crazed running in here and sprinting for the toilet like that… Luckily, no one was staring as he came back out.

“Made it in time?” Lydia asked.

Avery’s cheeks flamed, “Y—Yeah…” he said, glancing down at himself. There was a bit of a dark spot around his crotch, but nothing too bad…

“Good!” Lydia smiled, making Avery blush more.

They returned to the aquarium, and Avery was able to enjoy his time there a LOT more easily. He was able to watch the parrotfish swim without envying them for their ability to pee whenever they wanted to.

He did still envy them for something, though…

“They’re so colorful,” Lydia remarked. “Is that why you like them?”

Avery shook his head, “I mean, I like the colors, but when I was getting my first pet fish, Uncle Brad told me about these guys… Did you know they can change their sex, just like that?”

“No.”

“Almost all parrotfish are born female, and then when they grow, a lot of them transform into males, you can tell because their colors will change. And, the male parrotfish that started out as females, those are called ‘super-males’. And… When a parrotfish changes, none of the other fish get angry about it, or kick them out of the group, or… Anything like that.”

“Did any of the ones here change like that?” Lydia asked.

“Probably,” Avery said. “But, unless I have a picture of what colors they all were before, I can’t tell which of them have changed.”

