Naomi`s First Day

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-03-17 22:37

This is the first time in a long while that I've written something of this nature that contains only female desperation. Generally I do male desperation or a mixed situation with both a guy and a girl. Let me know how I did.

***

Naomi Shriver had begun senior year at a brand new school. She was so new, actually, that she had never been inside the building before. Still, things were going as well as they could be. Most of the other students didn’t take too much interest in her. Her new teachers had all been pretty nice. There was only one problem; the campus was huge. Naomi would have been willing to trade practically anything for a map of the school.

She had been wandering— or hobbling, rather— through the halls for quite some time. She didn’t care that she was doubtlessly soon to be late to her final class of the day. All she cared about was finding somewhere she could unload her brimming bladder. She was so desperate she would have been willing to squat over a bucket inside a storage closet, but she hadn’t even been lucky enough to find one of those, let alone a toilet.

Adding to her struggle was the fact she could barely manage to actually walk. Parting her legs even the slightest bit made her bladder issue threatening pulses. An image of herself standing in the middle of the school hallway with rivers of urine cascading down her legs kept appearing in her mind’s eye. With each new throb from her bladder, it seemed more likely that the image would become a reality.

She forced herself to keep searching, but none of the doors she passed were labeled with the sign she so badly wanted to see. Her thighs were clenched beneath her skirt, her legs stiffened and rigid. She found herself having to come to a complete stop multiple times. She wanted to put a hand beneath her skirt to cup herself, but settled instead for sticking it tight between her knees. She was eighteen, she couldn’t just hold herself like a little kid. But she wasn’t sure how long she could control herself, especially if she didn’t find a place to relieve herself very soon.

The late bell rang, causing Naomi to jump. Her hand instantly pressed itself between her thighs as the noise had nearly startled the pee out of her. She was late for class, but she couldn’t care less. The waistband of her skirt was pulled taut over the swell of her bladder and it was screaming at her to let go. She made a slow, pained walk down the next hall. The massive weight of liquid within her pulsed and pounded with each step. It was better to get a tardy slip than to wet herself.

Thank goodness, Naomi exhaled a very, very relieved breath when she caught sight of the sign for a women’s room near the end of the hall. Her bladder swelled even further and pinched at her more intensely as it recognized that relief would be coming in the next couple minutes. She pressed her hand a little tighter and picked up the pace. Oh, just the thought of sitting on the porcelain toilet, releasing all the pressure… Before she could get very close to the room she so urgently needed to visit, she heard a voice.

“Hold on,” the voice called.

Naomi did, in more ways than one.

“Have you got a hall pass, ma’am?” the voice demanded.

Naomi turned about, finding a slim, blonde teacher glaring at her. “No," was all Naomi could say, her entire focus glued to the tight ball of pressure within her abdomen. She had removed her hand from between her legs when she heard the voice, and badly needed it to be there again. She hoped that the damp feeling on the insides of her thighs was only sweat. She hadn’t felt herself pee at all, but with as desperate as she was she thought it was possible she could have leaked without realizing.

“You are not to roam the halls without a pass,” the teacher informed her tersely.

“I’m sorry,” Naomi stammered. Her bladder thrashed and sent a particularly sharp throb through her body. “It’s just— It’s my first day, and I was lost. I was trying to find—“

“Your name?” the teacher prompted.

"I'm sorry," Naomi said once more urgency seeping into her voice, “I need to—“

“Your name!" the teacher demanded in a more insistent tone that made Naomi know better than to argue.

"Naomi Shriver," Naomi replied. “Please, can I just—“

The teacher checked through the pages on her clipboard. “Naomi Shriver, 8th period, Calculus, Room 450,” she read. “Come along,” she commanded before gripping Naomi’s arm tightly and leading her down the hall. In the opposite direction from the toilet she so badly needed to seat herself on.

The sudden fierce change in momentum made Naomi struggle to keep up. Worse, it caused a quick burst of urine to spray into her panties. She instantly felt the warmth and dampness, along with a white hot bolt of fear. It took a few seconds for Naomi to wrench back control of her bladder, by which time she was sure there was a pretty sizable wet spot on her panties. Her bladder, now aware of what relief felt like from that brief, horrid loss of control, screamed at her to give back in and let the rest out as well.

“Pick up the pace,” the teacher ordered.

Naomi only groaned, an anguished noise brought on by the sensation of another leak. She clamped her muscles as tightly as she could, but the speed at which she was made to walk made that so difficult. Somehow, Naomi miraculously managed to cut the flow off once more.

"Here we are!" the teacher announced as the two came to a very, very abrupt and startling stop that resulted in a few more drips slipping from Naomi’s poor bladder. "Mr. Jamieson's Geometry class.”

There she was, alright. Once more far, far from the relief she needed. The relief that had been just within her grasp. Her bladder had loosened itself in anticipation when she’d seen that sign for the much-needed women’s room. Being dragged away from it and brought here seemed immeasurably cruel to her. She did not respond, only tried to catch her breath. She could feel her panties were very wet, and was terrified that they would become completely soaked at some point during class.

"Hurry up!" the teacher commanded, “You're late enough as it is!”

Naomi tried to tell herself she could make it. All the leaks ought to have taken the edge off, right? There was less in her now. She could hold it. And she knew where a toilet was from here. Just one more class, then she could dash back to the restroom, lock herself in a stall, seat herself, and let it all out. Just one hour. She could hold it for one hour.

***

Whatever confidence Naomi had felt upon entering Mr. Jamieson's classroom had completely evaporated. If only she could say the same for the liquid in her bladder.

Mr. Jamieson had really chewed her out for her lateness. He had been furious, and she hadn’t been able to get one word out to attempt to explain what had happened.

“Everything covered in this class is highly important. All of it will turn up on your tests. This is to better prepare you for college classes, so you had better learn it now to save yourself more trouble down the line. Lateness is not tolerated. See me after class to discuss this further. If someone needs to find you and escort you to my class again, you will receive a detention. Please, go sit down.”

Naomi fumbled and stumbled her way to a desk, laser focused on the eyes of her classmates that were targeting her, as well as the glare of her teacher. Worse, her bladder sent another frantic, urgent spasm before she’d made it to her desk. She clenched her legs together, trying not to let her desperation show on her face. She sat down on her chair, wishing she could be on a different sort of seat, and placed one of her hands against herself as Mr. Jamieson returned to his lesson.

Mr. Jamieson may have been a jerk, but he was a decent teacher. As he spoke, the concepts became clear. It even made sense to Naomi, whom had always been terrible at math. She tried to focus on the lesson, on understanding everything she needed to know. She tried to get lost in it, taking notes with the hand she wasn’t using to help hold it in. And it worked. For five minutes. Then she felt something warm and wet pulse into her cupped hand.

Her other hand dropped down to assist the first. Squeezing and squeezing and squeezing. The flow clamped back off. But, even though she’d released some of her pee, her bladder actually felt fuller than it had before. She had to go so, so, so bad! She couldn’t take notes anymore. She couldn’t move either one of her hands. Every time she started to, her bladder would cramp and push and try to spray out everything it was containing. She just sat there with both hands against herself, thighs pressed tightly together, knees turned against one another, all in a frantic, mad effort to impede her pee. The concepts of the class were now completely incomprehensible. The only thing Naomi could understand was the phrase; “I have to pee!” She lifted her head slightly to look up at the clock.

Thirty five minutes remained. Thirty five minutes! She felt like she was going to pee within thirty five seconds, but she was expected to contain it for thirty five minutes!? She groaned audibly, knees both bouncing uncontrollably.

Naomi spent the next half hour lost in her own personal torture chamber. She couldn’t stop her expression from twisting up the same way the entire lower half of her body already was. Three more leaks had assailed her. Her hands felt wet and slick. She hoped nothing had made it to her chair yet.

“Your homework assignment is written on the board. You have the rest of class to start on it," Mr. Jamieson said as he sat down at his desk. “And, Naomi, don’t forget to see me after class.”

Naomi managed to turn her book to the assigned page, but that was it. She couldn’t do the assignment. All she could do was hold herself, bounce her knees, cross her legs, and plead for the universe to make time move faster. Even if it was just five minutes, it may as well have been five hours for how quickly it went by to Naomi. She danced in her seat, she blinked back tears, she felt tiny drops escape her clenched hold every ten seconds or so.

At last, the bell rang.

But, of course, she couldn’t leave yet. She hobbled up to Mr. Jamieson’s desk, feeling more of her pee dribble into her thoroughly drenched panties, and the hands she could not remove from beneath herself.

“Naomi," Mr. Jamieson said, not looking up from the papers on his desk. "This is your first day here, isn’t it?”

“Yes," Naomi replied, dancing from foot to foot, pressing her hands tighter and tighter against herself. She wound her legs together, bobbed up and down. She didn't hear a word of what Mr. Jamieson said, too lost in the white-noise of her desperation. She felt the pee pushing hard against her sphincter, felt that thin bit of muscle forget how to do its task, felt another trickle re-wet her panties, then finally felt herself back in control of things.

“That’s it,” Mr. Jamieson said as Naomi came back to awareness of the world that existed outside of her bladder. “You can go.”

Naomi nodded. But, she couldn’t really ‘go’. Not yet. She had to get back to the restroom. She wanted to run there at the speed of sound, but was instead forced to take tiny, contorted steps that barely made a dent in the journey she had to make. Every few steps, another drop would escape. Just a drop, nothing compared to the leaks she’d had to clamp off in the classroom. And certainly nothing compared to the ocean she was still holding back. But, still enough to make her face burn with shame. Everyone who looked at her was surely under no illusions about what she was going through. A girl stumbling through the halls of her school, barely able to take a few steps without stopping, both her hands pressed firmly beneath her skirt. It was obvious she was having the worst bladder emergency of her life. She tried to ignore the looks from others in the hallway. Some were amused, some almost sympathetic.

She made it back to the restroom she’d been so cruelly dragged away from an hour ago, her bladder infinitely fuller than it had been then. She pushed open the door with her elbow, unable to remove either of her hands from their current placement. She was going to be on the toilet in a few seconds, she was going to be free to pee, finally… She stepped inside and was greeted with the worst thing she could have seen.

There was a line.

Seven girls ahead of her. The one at the front in a similar state to herself, bobbing up and down and cupping herself. The second in line seemed better off, just swaying from foot to foot a little. The third wasn’t acting too desperate. The last four looked as ready to burst as Naomi was.

There were only two stalls? Who made that decision? This was a huge school, why would they give girls only two toilets? But the worst parts were the sounds that were coming from those stalls. The sounds of those lucky girls getting their much needed relief, the powerful hiss of long-held liquid spraying into the toilet water below. Naomi would give anything to be in one of their positions right now. She whimpered as several seconds passed and the girls in both stalls were still going strong.

Finally, one of the toilets flushed and one of the girls exited her stall. The girl at the front of the line bolted past her. She loudly fumbled the lock into place and Naomi was unable to drag her attention away as she watched that girl’s feet move closer to the toilet as she sat down. Naomi was also unable to block out the almost immediate sound of the other girl’s stream pounding the water of the bowl, nor could she ignore the moan of relief that fell from the girl’s lips alongside it.

Naomi coiled her legs tighter around each other, pressing even harder with her hands. She felt a stream sliding down one of her legs. The second stall opened, and another girl entered it. More hissing and splashing filled the room a second later. More girls getting relief, but not Naomi. She wanted to ask the girls ahead of her to please, please let her cut because she’d been wetting herself on and off for over an hour. But, most of them looked just as desperate as she was, it was unlikely any of them would be willing to give up their place in line.

A stall opened. The third girl whom Naomi hadn’t thought looked very desperate took it. It seemed she’d just been very good at concealing her desperation, because only a couple seconds later Naomi heard her peeing with the force of a firehose. Naomi couldn’t manage to hold back the anguished moan at how loud it was, her mind forcing her to consider how good the other girl must have been feeling. How much Naomi wished she could feel that way!

The door to the restroom opened and a girl got in line behind Naomi with a groan. “This is ridiculous,” she said, irritated. “Every time I have to go, there’s a line.”

“I know, right?” One of the girls ahead of Naomi said. “And they never let us leave class. I’ve been holding it since— Oh, thank God!” the girl said as one of the stalls opened itself to her. She dashed inside. Naomi whimpered again. She wanted to cover her ears from the sounds of other girls peeing or washing their hands, but if she stopped cupping herself she’d pee on the floor in an instant. Tears sprung to her eyes once more from the strain, the embarrassment, the torture. She hadn’t felt like she actually, genuinely just COULDN’T hold it since she was a kid! This was so unacceptable for an eighteen year old. She was an adult, she shouldn’t have been potty-dancing and on the verge of tears just because she needed to go pee!

Another stall opened. Another girl took her relief. Naomi tried to steady herself. Only two more people ahead of her. She could make it. She was constantly dribbling little drops, but she could make it. As those final two girls took their turns, Naomi turned her attention to the sinks. She was struck by the fantasy of ripping her panties down, climbing onto one and just letting it out without a care in the world for the stares it would get her. She closed her eyes tightly against the vision.

At long last, a stall door opened. Naomi dashed over to it as fast as she could. An unwise move as the shock of the sudden movement caused her to start trickling again. She practically shoved the girl leaving the stall out of the way, giving her a very tense “Sorry”. She shakily drew the lock into place, her stream still coming out slowly as she was still trying so hard to hold back.

@@There was no time to get her panties down. If she tried she’d pee on the floor and make a huge mess. She just lifted her skirt and seated herself with them still on. The stream that had been leaking for her since she’d bolted for the stall instantaneously transformed into a waterfall. Since she was peeing through her panties, she felt warmth spreading out underneath her. She couldn’t bring herself to care that she was ruining them. They had probably been ruined anyway, and this felt way too mind-numbingly good for her to care about anything else. Her bladder pulsed a few more times, even as it was releasing its torrent. She tilted her head back, shutting her eyes, just taking it all in. She didn’t think she’d ever felt anything this good before in her life. She couldn’t reign in her vocal chords enough to keep herself from vocalizing her relief aloud, even as she blushed with the knowledge that everyone in the room could hear her. They could hear her stream spraying out of her like a compressed water-balloon, forcefully spraying the water below with the power of a torrential rainstorm. They could hear the cries of relief that fell from her lips; “Ahhhhhhhhhhh…..” She couldn’t feel ashamed of any of it. How could she, when she’d gone through so much suffering and succeeded? She’d earned this. She’d earned this wonderful, glorious feeling.

When her stream slowed down to a trickle and the last few drops began to patter out of her, reality returned to her. She was sitting on a toilet, peeing away, with her panties still up. She hadn’t given much thought as to what was going to happen afterwards. She stood back up once she was sure she was finally, blessedly empty, and felt the wet garment squish between her legs. There didn’t seem to be anywhere to stash them that they wouldn’t be found… Not that she wanted to walk home with nothing on underneath, anyway.

It was going to be an unpleasant walk home, and she’d have to find somewhere to ditch her soiled panties before her parents got home, but it could have been worse. At least she didn’t have a complete accident in class with everyone watching. She had made it. For the most part. Technically.

***

If you want to know what Naomi looks like, here's a drawing I've done of her. (Granted, not in the same outfit I describe in this story.) You can find a few more images in my gallery.

*002*2021-03-19 00:02

{{22 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I think you did a pretty damn good job.

}}

Thank you!

Drew the ending scene where Naomi pees on the toilet through her panties.

&&

*008*2021-03-30 05:52

You guys seem to like this, so I'll be continuing. Bit of male desperation in this one, as I decided to give Naomi a friend/possible love interest. Illustrations for this chapter may come later.

Chapter Two

It was now the third week of school, but Naomi was still no better at navigating the broad campus of her high school. Her classes appeared to be scattered across one side of the school, while the all-important bathrooms seemed to all hide at the other. With Naomi continually getting turned around or otherwise lost, she'd had several close calls since the day she’d ended up peeing through her panties. She couldn't keep track of all the times she'd left the bathroom slightly damp after just barely making it. Today, she feared she would have another near-accident.

Naomi was wandering the halls, praying with tightly knotted legs that she could get to the restroom before she’d have to hurry to class. Suddenly, the bell rang, as she knew it would. Looking around with a tiny spark of hope, Naomi spotted that rude hall-monitor just outside the room that she needed to visit so badly. There was no way to get into the restroom without being reprimanded for wandering the halls now. She hurried to class and resigned herself to having to hold it even longer than she already had.

Naomi took a seat at the far rear fo the room, and instantly her knees took to frantic bouncing. During lunchtime, the line for the restroom had been out the door and she hadn’t gotten to a toilet before the time was up. She hadn’t had any other opportunity to go since then. Naomi focused ahead on class and was able to take notes for 15 minutes before she had to sneak a hand down to cup herself.

Naomi thought her new school was nice enough. The cafeteria food was better here than it had been at her last school. There wasn’t as much homework. The other kids were mostly nice. But, the toilet situation was just ridiculous. She found herself wondering if the designer of the school was just a moron, or if he’d taken some kind of sick joy in constructing a building that would force all of the students to risk accidents daily.

She knew she was not the only person that was struggling. She’d heard others talking to friends about how they were dying for a pee, had seen them squirm and fidget through classes, and had even seen one boy sheepishly exit the restroom with a small spot of wetness next to his fly. But, while her classmates seemed resigned to their fate, Naomi did not want to be. She didn’t know how complicated the process was to install new toilets into a building, but she knew it was perfectly easy to provide a longer passing period between classes, and let students have a toilet break during class every now and then. Yet, not one of the teachers here seemed to think that not wetting oneself was worth missing a few minutes of class.

To distract from her awful need to use the toilet, she tried brainstorming ways to fix the problem. She supposed she could start a petition for teachers to allow bathroom breaks during class-time. She shouldn’t have any trouble getting signatures, and they’d have to listen if enough people were complaining, right?

Soon, Naomi could no longer dwell on possible future solutions to the situation, all she could dwell on was the here and now. And, right now, she had to pee so badly that she could hardly breathe. She was taking in tiny, little puffs of air. Breathing deeply placed pressure onto her bladder and made it scream to be released, not caring that it was a classroom chair she was seated on and not a toilet. She’d already leaked once. Her legs alternated between bouncing uncontrollably and banging against one another. She crossed them, uncrossed them, recrossed them, begging her bladder to hold it together a while longer. A tiny squeak of surprise fell from her lips as she felt a jet of pee soak into her panties. She bounced frantically in her chair, pressing both hands against herself as she struggled to plug up the leak. She managed to stem the tide, but the massive ocean of liquid was still pleading to be released as it pushed forcefully against the tiny ring of muscle that held it at bay.

This repeated a few times. She’d begin to pee, clench with all her might, recover, and a few minutes later another spurt would wet her cooling panties.

The bell rang. At last! Naomi gingerly got to her feet, maintaining her fraying control of her bladder. She took minced, contorted steps from the room, noting that several of her classmates were doing the same. The sight reminded her of her earlier idea to start a petition to change the bathroom break policy. She would have to think of a way to frame it that the teachers would have no choice but to agree. She would emphasize that nobody could concentrate on classwork when they were too busy trying not to have an accident. They would have to listen then!

By the time she reached the girls’ room she’d been fantasizing about for what felt like days, the line was all the way out the door! She found herself stepping into place behind several other bursting girls that were swaying on their feet and praying for the line to move faster. Naomi had expected a line, but not one this huge. She didn’t know if she could make it.

Even the line for the boys’ room across the hall was massive, everyone in it clearly just as desperate as the girls were. Still, it at least seemed to be moving a little faster.

As a couple girls emerged, pink faced, from the restroom, Naomi concentrated all her might on holding it. It was going to be a while before she had her turn on one of the toilets, so she needed to do whatever she could to wait until then. Since her first day at this school, she had become very skilled at pee-dancing. She’d had a great deal of practice at it, after all.

She didn’t feel nearly that embarrassed to be jumping from foot to foot, winding her legs together, or even openly holding herself anymore. All her classmates found themselves doing the same at least once a week. So, that was what she did as she waited. But, no matter how experienced she suddenly was at this particular dance, it wasn’t enough to make her stop dribbling. Every few seconds almost, it seemed a few drops would escape her over-stretched bladder. She’d feel her damp panties suddenly go warm again as she continued to cup herself, and it would fill her with panic that today was going to be the day; the day she finally had a complete accident at school.

Soon, she was nearly through the line enough to actually get into the restroom. Something that she was both looking forward to and dreading; Looking forward to it since it meant she’d be closer to actually using a toilet, and dreading it because she’d be able to hear each girl ahead of her spray their long held streams into the porcelain. That was one of the most torturous things about these long lines, she was forced to endure the sounds of relief that wasn’t hers.

She glanced back over at the line for the boys’ room. It was still out the door as well, since many other guys had joined it since she’d last looked. She recognized one of them as the boy who’d had the wet spot on his fly after evidently not completely making it. One glance at him told her that he was in a similar state today. His legs were wound together much as hers were, and both his hands were against himself. He had the most pained expression on his face that Naomi thought she’d ever seen on anybody. His eyes were scrunched shut, his teeth were gritted, his cheeks were flushed bright pink.

Flushed. Ohhh, Naomi should not have thought that word! She cupped herself tighter as a fresh spurt of pee forced its way past her barriers. For reasons she could not discern, her eyesight kept being drawn back to that one guy. He seemed noticeably more desperate than anyone ahead of or behind him. He almost looked like he was about to start crying, and she felt really bad. Her chest actually seemed to clench in sympathy for him. He’d already had a near accident one time before (At least, that she knew of), and now he was on the verge of one again! It was such an unfair situation. He looked about the same age as her, an eighteen year old guy about to pee his pants at school like a Kindergarten student! She was sure he’d be first in line to sign her petition.

Suddenly, his screwed shut eyes flew wide open, and an instant after that, he had bolted from the line and was running towards the back exit of the school. Naomi grew worried. Was he wetting himself? Was he okay?

Naomi steeled herself, thinking herself crazy for what she was about to do. But, she did it anyway. Naomi, her bladder so full that it felt like it must have been the size of a watermelon, stepped out of the line that led to her salvation. She didn’t know what she was doing, she didn’t even know this guy’s name, all she knew was how he must have been feeling and that he probably needed a friend.

She was leaking steadily the entire walk to the exit. She could feel her hands growing soaked as they kept pressing to hold back the massive flood. The flood that she knew was now almost guaranteed to be running down her legs in a few minutes. She pushed against the door with her body and stepped outside, looking for where that guy might have gone.

She didn’t need to think too hard about where someone would go if they were having an accident. She was, after all, in the process of having one of those right now, and where she wanted to be was somewhere secluded. The most secluded area she saw was a small, forested area a bit behind the school. It wasn’t far, but getting there caused more and more of her pee to flow out. It was running all down her legs now. She could feel some of it start to seep into her socks by the time she arrived at her destination.

As predicted, that guy was hiding out here. But, he hadn’t had an accident like she’d thought. At least not completely. There was a lot of wetness going down one of his pant-legs, making it pretty obvious he hadn’t had full control over his bladder today… But, aside from that, his fly was down, his… thing was out. And he was peeing a huge, forceful waterfall against the bark of a tree, his head tilted back, eyes fluttering shut in utter bliss as he released a low moan. "Ahhhhhhhhhhh....."

"Oh!" Naomi couldn’t help the squeak that came from her mouth. She’d never seen a guy’s… parts before. And she’d certainly never seen a guy peeing!

His eyes snapped open upon hearing her exclamation, his gaze darted to her and he released an “Oh!” of his own, before frantically trying to stuff his still gushing dick back into his pants. He hadn’t managed to cut off the flow from his bladder, and it continued to pour into his clothes. “Oh! No, no!” he stammered, clutching at himself and begging. “Stop!” But, his body did not listen to his pleas, his bladder just kept draining until it was completely empty.

Well, that made three firsts from Naomi. The first time she’d seen a guy’s private area. The first time she’d seen a guy pee. And the first time she’d seen an adult have an accident… Technically, that last part was her fault, too.

She didn’t think she’d ever seen anybody’s face as red as that guy’s was in that moment. She felt awful. She’d come out here to make him feel better, and instead she’d seen him in a private moment and led to him having a worse accident than he’d already had! She didn’t know what to say and mumbled a tiny “Sorry…”

He turned from her and tried to hide his face in his hands. Which only made her feel worse. “Please, just don’t tell anyone,” he begged.

Naomi never would have even thought to tell anyone. She’d never do something so mean. But, how could he trust someone he didn’t know? She realized there was one way she could prove to him that she was trustworthy. And, it was probably something that was going to happen in a few minutes anyway. Her bladder had never stopped issuing more tiny dribbles down her thighs during all that. It was a wonder he hadn’t noticed all the streams that were already decorating her legs. “I won’t tell,” she said. “It’s okay, I can’t hold it anymore either.”

With that, she stopped all her efforts at keeping her liquid where it belonged. In an instant the little dribbles and streams that had been steadily seeping from her transformed into a torrential downpour. Instantly the storm sprayed through the damp material of her panties, pouring all down her legs, coating her socks and shoes and turning the dirt beneath her to mud.

It was a very strange feeling to Naomi. While she’d peed in her panties on her first day of school when she hadn’t been able to take them off in time, that wasn’t quite the same as this. Then, she’d been sitting down, the position she was used to urinating in. And she’d felt the seat of the toilet underneath her, heard the familiar sound of a stream colliding with the water of the bowl below. Her legs had remained mostly dry through the ordeal.

Here, there was none of that. She was standing up… Well, mostly anyway, the feeling of relief that overtook her the minute she released had made her hunch over a bit and need to put a hand onto a tree to steady herself. Still, peeing standing up felt unusual to her. She felt nothing beneath her but the warm and soaked material of her underwear. The only sound was more akin to a rainstorm pounding the dirt than the usual sound of her pee striking the toilet. Her legs were getting drenched, even as she tried to part them a bit more to spare them from the deluge.

And, beyond that, that guy was looking at her. Nobody ever looked at her while she peed. She was always behind a locked door or safely nestled in a stall. But, now, his eyes were on her as she peed. And not into a toilet, but into her clothes. His face was still red as he watched her display, and she felt her own cheeks start to burn. What in the world had she been thinking? With any of this? Why didn’t she just stay in line? She could have peed into a toilet, then!

Even as she began to feel flooded with shame, it was not enough to overpower the relief she felt at just letting it all out. The longer she peed, and the more aware she became of her audience, the more she wondered how much she could have possibly had in there. She didn’t think she’d ever peed quite this much before, not even on her first day of school. When her stream finally started to die down and taper off, she was sure that it had been over a minute since she’d started going, not even counting all the leaks she’d had.

Once she was empty, she stood there for a moment, unsure of what to say. It wasn’t as though there were any guidelines for what a girl should say to a guy she’d just met, right after they’d both peed themselves in front of one another. This probably wasn’t anyone’s idea of a ‘meet-cute’.

“Um…” The guy broke the silence. “You’re…”

Naomi dreaded what he was about to say. It was probably something along the lines of ‘Really weird and gross. Why did you follow me out here? You made me freaking piss myself! Why would you think peeing yourself in front of somebody is okay? What’s wrong with you?!’

“…Really bold,” was what he said instead.

“I—Is that a good thing?” Naomi asked.

“It’s… a different thing,” he said. “Most girls probably would have just laughed at me, or left without saying anything. Really didn’t expect you to just... Up and pee yourself like that.”

“I meant it when I said I couldn’t hold it,” Naomi said. “I wasn’t only trying to make you feel better. I’d been holding that all day. They really need to give us more time to use the restroom if they aren’t gonna provide us with enough toilets.”

“They do,” he agreed. “This is the third time I’ve had to run out here because of the line. The other two times at least didn’t end with me… Uh…”

“I’m really sorry about that,” Naomi said. “I just… I saw you run off all the sudden like that and wanted to make sure you were okay. I didn’t think you’d have your… Zip down, and all.”

“It’s fine, it was an accident,” he said. “You just really freaked me out coming out of nowhere like that. I’m Aidyn by the way.”

“Naomi,” Naomi introduced.

“I’d say it was nice meeting you, but these were some pretty awful circumstances.”

Naomi laughed, “Hey, I was thinking of starting a petition. So things like this don’t happen anymore. Want to help me with it?”

“Hey, you didn’t laugh at an eighteen year old guy pissing himself in a forest, so you seem cool to me. I’ll be glad to help you.”

“Thank you,” Naomi said happily.

As Aidyn left her alone, she hoped he lived somewhere close by, or had a car or something. Anything to prevent onlookers from seeing him walk home in soaked pants.

Which reminded her of the fact that she still had to walk home. She inspected the damage. Her socks had a yellow tint, patches of her skirt were soaked through. It was obvious that she’d peed herself. She just had to hope nobody saw her.

She kept to the woodsy area as much as she could on her walk home. By the time she had no choice but to get onto the open sidewalk, she was nearly there. Nobody was out walking at that time, which she was grateful for.

The first thing she did upon reaching home was peel off her wet clothing and step into the shower. She couldn’t stop thinking about what happened. Strangely, it was not her accident that she kept dwelling on, but what had happened prior to it. Seeing Aidyn peeing against the tree. The... That look on his face. So relaxed looking. She could not erase it from her memory. It was… Strangely cute. There was something bizarrely intimate about watching him get so much enjoyment from such a basic function of life.

She also couldn’t stop thinking about the noise he’d been making. The moan as his pee sprayed so forcefully against the bark, it had been so full of pleasure, and so intense sounding. Had he really felt that good just from peeing? She wished she hadn’t made that noise and startled him like that. Not only would he not have fumbled his way into an accident, she would have been able to continue watching.

Wait, where in the world did that thought come from!? Why would she want to watch Aidyn pee?! That was just weird! She needed to think about something else, anything else. But, her mind kept going back to that, as well as how it had felt to pee herself with him watching. It had been embarrassing, but almost kind of exciting? If only because she was doing something that she knew she shouldn’t have been.

Whatever, she told herself. The petition would be made and this problem would be solved, then she wouldn’t have to continue troubling herself with these things ever again.

*009*2021-04-09 17:14

Chapter Three

That weekend, Aidyn came over to Naomi’s house to help her draft the petition. The past few days had been more of the same for Naomi, with her barely scrambling to get her damp panties down before throwing herself onto one of the toilets at school after hours of holding it. She, at least, hadn’t wet herself since the day she’d met Aidyn, but each way-too-close-call made her more eager to get the petition underway.

The other aspect of the past few days was one she hadn’t expected. Aidyn was in many of her classes, particularly ones close to the end of the day. And, very often, Naomi would notice him getting… fidgety. She would find herself staring as he uncomfortably adjusted position, crossed his legs together at the ankles, stretched them out, bounced his knees… She’d be weirdly transfixed by the way he was moving. The only thing that would snap her out of it was a pang from her own bladder reminding her that they were very much in the same boat… And then spasming again to chastise her for thinking about boats that rested in the water.

She didn’t know why she was so interested in Aidyn’s squirming, it shouldn’t have been so fascinating. So Aidyn had to pee really bad. So what? So did she. So did everyone else, pretty much. But, she couldn’t stop feeling interested in it. She couldn’t stop her mind wandering to how he must have been feeling with so much straining to come out when he had nowhere to release it. She didn’t need to do much to imagine it, since she was feeling the exact same way. Did it feel different with guy-parts at all? She supposed maybe holding it was easier for him since he had a bit more of something to grab and try to pinch closed?

She also found herself imagining how it felt when he let it out. Did that feel different to guys? It must have since they did it standing up, right? It was probably fun to pee standing up, because you could make it go in a bunch of directions. That probably made things easier, too. Aidyn could pee in a lot of places Naomi would have a hard time with. He could pee into bottles, or outside, or—

Why was she thinking about this?! It was just making her own need worse! Why was she so fascinated by the idea of this guy peeing?! That was gross! Maybe she just thought it was funny? But, no, she hadn’t felt at all like laughing when she’d seen him have an accident. She’d just felt bad… She didn’t feel like laughing when she thought about that expression he’d made when relieving himself, either. She felt like… Well, she didn’t really know what she felt like, but it wasn’t that.

When Aidyn came over, it was still the only thing on her mind. That look of pure bliss on his face… She… Well, she wanted to see it again, she knew that much for sure. She had to just admit it, she just wanted to see Aidyn pee after really, really needing to do so for a long time. Maybe if she saw it again, this time all the way through, the weird thoughts would stop. She would have seen it, so it would be out of her system.

But, how could she see it? She couldn’t follow him into the restroom anywhere. Not in public, she was a girl! She couldn’t go into the men’s room! Especially not for the sole purpose of watching somebody pee! Not at home, Aidyn wouldn’t just let her do that!

No, it would have to be outdoors, like the first time. She had to find a way to get him desperate somewhere that the only option for relief would be outside, where she could see that adorable look on his face again.

So, she told him that they needed to get some supplies for the petitions. “It will look so much more professional if we have colored paper, you know?” she said.

“I guess so,” Aidyn said.

They walked to the mall. It was a pretty long walk, and Naomi made sure to rush Aidyn right out the door, no time to stop at the toilet if he needed it. They picked out some fancy stationary paper, and then stopped at the food court. Which Naomi decided was just perfect. It would give her the opportunity to fill Aidyn up with a few drinks. She wasn’t sure how to get him to drink a whole bunch for a second, but then inspiration struck her. “Soda drinking contest, go!” she declared, gulping down her own drink.

Aidyn laughed at her and started doing the same. When they’d finished them off, Naomi said it was a tie, and they needed to do it again to decide a winner. On the second round, Aidyn definitely finished before Naomi did, so she said; “Best two out of three?” The third round commenced, and Naomi was the clear winner. So, a fourth round was held. They finished close enough to the same time that Naomi was able to declare another tie, and in total she was able to get Aidyn to drink down five big sodas in under half an hour.

She completely missed the fact that she’d just done the exact same thing.

They wandered the mall for a bit longer, but Naomi knew they needed to leave before Aidyn realized he needed the restroom, so she started to urge him out. They really needed to work on making the petitions look all nice, after all. “We should really get to work, don’t you think?”

“I would say so,” Aidyn agreed. “Before we leave, I should probably use the restroom, though.”

Naomi had to try very hard not to let her disappointment show. She guessed there was still a chance Aidyn would get desperate, she didn’t think it had been long enough for all the soda to work through his body, but now it was less likely she’d get her wish.

Fate, however, must have been smiling on her. The men’s room by the mall’s exit was being cleaned. Aidyn couldn’t use it. She watched his expression very closely as he realized that. His brows knit together a bit for a second, but only for a second. If Naomi hadn’t been paying such close attention, she wouldn’t have noticed it.

“Oh, well, the women’s is still open,” Aidyn said. “If you need—“

Naomi did feel a small pulse from her bladder, but she was more focused on her goal. What if Aidyn went off and found an open men’s room while she was still peeing? That wouldn’t do at all! “I’m fine,” she said. “Let’s just go. I know a shortcut back to my place.”

The shortcut went through the wooded area of town, where if someone was really desperate to pee, their only option would be to use a bush. It also wasn’t actually a shortcut and would add more time to their route. But, Aidyn didn’t need to know that.

Naomi watched him as they made their way toward the wooded trails. He came to a stop in front of a gas station. “Naomi, I’m sorry, but—“

Naomi knew what he was going to ask, “Come on, we have to get home! We can’t let these petitions wait another week!”

“Well… Okay,” Aidyn said. “I’m being silly. You drank as much as I did and you don’t have to go yet. I can wait.”

Naomi wanted to praise him, but that would have sounded weird. She noticed a more serious throb from her bladder when he’d mentioned her lack of a need to pee. Her bladder was insisting that his assumptions were completely wrong. The sodas Naomi had drunk were beginning to stretch it out, and it thought Aidyn’s idea of taking a pee break at the gas station was a good one, even if Naomi herself didn’t.

Naomi told herself to ignore the pulsing in her middle. It would just go away soon, probably. Then, she’d see Aidyn pee again and get this weird fixation out of her head. By the time they were deeper into the trails, she was thinking her judgement had been wrong. She had to go really, really bad. It had come on very suddenly, like all five of those huge sodas just slammed into her bladder all at once.

After all the encouragement she’d given Aidyn to just hold it until they got back to her house, she didn’t want to show any sign of need. Still, her steps had become much tinier and more careful. She was trying very hard not to slosh the liquid inside of her back and forth too much.

Aidyn, however, didn’t have much reason not to show what he was going through. He was walking cross-legged, something Naomi found very interesting since it contorted his steps so badly. He’d tripped a few times, and she was sure at least one of those had made him spring a leak since his hand went to palm his crotch just for a second. When they’d stopped for a moment, he’d immediately started bouncing in place on his toes.

He was wearing a thin sleeveless shirt, which was much skimpier than what he wore to school. It allowed Naomi to notice a bit of swelling just beneath his navel that hadn’t been there when they’d still been at her house. When she realized that it was his full bladder, stretched with all the soda she’d had him drink, it made her feel funny.

Since her own bladder was giving her so much trouble, she glanced down and examined if she had a bump like that, too. She did. It wasn’t as obvious as Aidyn’s was, didn’t protrude nearly as far, but it was there. Not only did her bladder feel full to bursting, it looked it, too. Being so desperate to pee while Aidyn was also so full was exciting to her for some reason. She didn’t have to imagine how he was feeling, because the sensation was being mirrored in her own body.

As they kept walking, Naomi mis-stepped and stumbled. When she stumbled, the first bit of her pee came out. It was a long, hot jet that blasted through her panties and against her inner thighs. She cupped herself to make it stop, clenching and clenching and clenching as she timidly rose back onto her feet.

“You okay?” Aidyn asked.

“Fine,” Naomi promised.

Aidyn noticed her hands were still buried beneath her skirt. “Starting to feel it now?” he asked. “Took you long enough. I’ve been dying for, like, an hour. Are we nearly there?”

“Nearly,” Naomi said. But, they weren’t. In fact, she’d purposefully led him around in a circle for the last hour. Her bladder was furious with her for that, throbbing more and more with each second, asking if she just wanted to have an accident or something.

They kept walking. Now that Aidyn knew she had to go, Naomi didn’t mind holding herself in front of him. Every time they stopped at a fork in the road and Aidyn asked which way they should go, they were both jiggling in place. After another forty five minutes, Aidyn had to stop every few steps, which truth be told, Naomi was grateful for since walking had become difficult for her as well. Each time he stopped, Aidyn would grip himself tight, apologizing to Naomi for acting that way in front of her, that he just couldn’t help it because he had to go so bad.

Naomi assured him she didn’t mind. She didn’t add that she was really, really enjoying his performance. His little dance was just so cute to her that she couldn’t take her eyes off it. Every wince, every shift in his posture, every grab, every half-mumbled curse… It was just adorable! It was almost enough to distract her from her own need, that had built its way into a true emergency not too long ago.

Almost.

She realized that she couldn’t stay out here much longer. She needed to get home and use the toilet or else she’d be peeing herself in front of Aidyn for a second time. She’d already had a couple more leaks, but nothing too major. Even if she hadn’t succeeded in her goal of watching Aidyn pee again, she’d gotten to see him get very, very desperate and that was almost as good.

So, finally, she actually started leading him in the correct direction. Now that she was on the right path, her bladder felt more and more like it was about to spray its contents down her legs and into the dirt below. It was very angry with her for ignoring it in favor of this bizarre quest she was on. Each step caused a little to come out. Not very much, just a drop or two, but it happened on every, single step. At this rate, she’d probably dribble out everything by the time she was home.

Aidyn suddenly came to a dead stop, and Naomi heard a strangled noise in the back of his throat. “I— I’m sorry, Naomi. I have to pee so bad. Like, you have no idea.”

Naomi was pretty sure she did have an idea, but didn’t say anything.

“Can I just—“ He removed one of his hands from the vice-grip it had had on his dick to gesture at the surrounding foliage. “Please? It’s an emergency.”

Naomi said nothing for a moment. This was what she’d wanted, but his pleading was doing something to her that his desperation alone hadn’t.

“Naomi, I— I wouldn’t normally do this in front of a girl, but I seriously can’t wait. It’s so bad. Please? It’s okay with you, right?”

“Oh, you mean you want to pee here?” Naomi asked, trying to pretend she hadn’t understood perfectly well.

“Yes,” Aidyn kept pleading. “Please, Naomi? Just… Say it’s okay so I don’t feel so gross? It’s… Ah… It’s coming out…”

Those words… Dear God… Those words. “Okay, go ahead.” She was trying to figure out an excuse to follow him, when he just immediately turned around a bit on his heels, unzipped right where he was, pulled himself out and let it flow. Apparently, he had become so desperate he didn’t have the time to walk further out away from her.

The face he made was gorgeous. There was no other word to describe it. His head tipped backward, his eyes gently closed, his lips parted. A few seconds later, a moan fell from them; “Ahhhhhhhhhh…. God…. I’m so sorry, Naomi. I just… Ohhhhh….”

Naomi didn’t respond. She couldn’t. The sounds he was making were intensifying the fascination she felt. She knew she shouldn’t do what she did next, but her eyesight dropped down a bit to his dick and the liquid that was erupting from it. A clear, consistent stream of long-held pee spraying the dirt with the force of a fire hose and creating a fizzing puddle.

The entire thing was amazing to see. His expression, the sounds— both from his throat and from his stream hissing out— the forcefulness of his pee… It was just so… Interesting. It almost made her want to—to—

To pee!

Her bladder was really convulsing now. If she’d thought hearing other girls pee while she waited in line for a stall made her need amplify, then watching Aidyn pee like a racehorse that had gorged itself on diuretics as he moaned like a porno actor was like giving her own bladder a megaphone. She had to go. She had to go right now. There was no more holding it.

She’d never done this before in her life, but there was no time to figure it out. She tore her panties down and squatted before unleashing an absolute ocean of pee. It sprayed everywhere, creating a huge muddy puddle beneath her. Despite her best efforts, some of it went onto her feet and ankles. She had no idea how this was supposed to work, and was just making a mess, but thank God it wasn’t in her clothes.

When they’d both finished they just stood in that spot for a while, trying to catch their breaths. Aidyn thanked Naomi profusely for not being angry at him for needing to do that, and Naomi thanked him for not turning around to look at her before she’d finished. Everything was okay.

But then, Aidyn said something that made Naomi’s heart stop cold; “I know you did all that on purpose.”

