Hunters Desperate Situation (The Owl House)

Author: SodaBubbles

*000*2023-07-28 23:59

NOTE: All characters are aged up to a respective 18+ age range.

PLOT: Hunter has trauma from staying in the emperors coven, always having to hold in his urine for long periods of time, when he got transported to the human realm, alongside the others, he is too scared to even ask to use the toilet, even during a 5 hour road trip.

SPOILERS: I’m sure every TOH fan has seen this episode, but this has tiny spoilers for Thanks To Them.

WARNINGS: no warnings are really here, but there’s one brief mention of genitals. So keep that in mind.

Hunter woke up in the Noceda house, as him and his friends have been there for Atleast a week now. He rubbed his eyes as he looked down at the mattress, where Gus sleeps, but surprisingly he wasn’t there. He quickly went up the stairs away from the basement when he had finished dressing up, realising everyone had already gone to the dinner table.

“Wow, you’re a fast sleeper!” Luz said with a chuckle, as Hunter giggled Aswell.

{Time skip 2 hours}

Hunter had gulped down 3 fruit punch cups, as he usually drank alot in the morning. He was currently chilling on the couch, watching The Good Witch Azura 3, The Battle Of The Swords. He wasn’t paying much attention, as he only wanted to keep Amity and Luz company. Suddenly, he felt a familiar tingle in his lower abdomen, he knew he needed to pee, but he just shrugged it off. “Eh, I can hold it.” He thought. Which was totally wrong.

Just then, Camilla, Luz’s mom entered the room.

”Alright guys, Luz has requested we go to AzuraLand, Which is 5 hours away, to those who wanna tag along, meet me in the car!” She said as she smiled at Luz, who jumped over to put on her shoes, Amity following along. Vee, Gus and Willow were already ready, so they got outside into the car. Hunter shifted from side to side, as he felt a wave of desperation, Amity noticed him, as she knew what this meant, having to live with a controlling mother back home, and having to hold in her own urine. “Hey, Hunter, do you need the bathroom by any chance?” She asked, tying her shoes in the meantime. This caught Hunter offguard, as he shook his head no. “Bathroom? This old chap? No way!” He said, in a nervous tone. Amity just shrugged, finishing tying her shoes as she walked outside into the car, saving a seat for her awesome girlfriend Luz.

Hunter sat down to put on his shoes, as he squirmed in place meanwhile, Luz looked at him before she walked out “Hunter, are you sure you don’t need the toilet?” She asked, noticing his squirming. “Me? Toilet? D-don’t worry I’m ok!” He said with a nervous giggle. “Alright, if you say so, you can always tell Mami if you change your mind.” Luz said with a smirk, knowing that Hunter was indeed lying to her. Hunter got into the car, he sat by the window seat next to Amity and Luz, in the way back were Willow and Gus, Vee was in the front with Camilla. And off they set, to AzuraLand, which would take 5 whole hours.

@@after 10 minutes, Hunter had started to squirm in place, shaking his leg, looking out the window to try and take his mind off of his need. Suddenly, he heard a loud slurping sound from the back, he turned his head, facing the backseat, as he noticed Willow drinking some Fanta. “Oh, I’m sorry Hunter, did you want some?” She asked him in a kind tone of voice, blushing a bit. Hunter shook his head no. “Oh no, I was just uhhh.. looking for this!” He said as he pulled up a old hair tie that was in between the seats, Willow looked At him confused, but just ignored it.

30 minutes in, and it was crystal clear that Hunter needed to pee. Camilla looked at the car window as she usually did every 10 or so minutes to check up on them, she noticed Hunter squirming in the seat. “Hunter? Are you okay?” She asked him, in a rather motherly tone. Hunter looked up in Embarrasment. “Uhh.., yeah I’m fine! It’s just, pretty cold here is all!” He said with a stupid look, as Camilla just rolled her eyes and smiled. Amity was aware of this and noticed Hunters dilemma, as she noticed him starting to fidget, but she decided to not say anything about it. “If he doesn’t wanna go, then that’s his choice.” She thought, as she looked at him once more, as he had a desperate look on his face.

An hour later, Hunter had become more desperate, basically crossing and uncrossing his legs over and over, after a bit, Luz woke up, as she had been asleep for the past minutes, as she grabbed her crotch, and reached her hand out to poke Camilla.

@@“Mama, I need the bathroom.” She said, as she wiggled, Amity chuckled at this, as Camilla made a signal to turn to the gas station, as everyone got out of the car, either to use the bathroom, or buy drinks and snacks. Hunter noticed Luz’s little pee situation, which made him wanna go even more, when he entered the gas station, he took one look at the bathroom stalls, he wanted to go, but was suddenly pulled away by Willow. “Hunter! You have to try this juice! It’s so good! Luz introduced me to it.” Willow said, as she pointed at the carrot juice can, which made Hunter whine, as he really needed to go. Willow looked at him with confusion “what? Don’t like carrots?” She asked with a giggle, as Hunter blushed from both adorableness and desperation. “Oh, I do! I Just uhh., remembered a very embarrassing uhh… story?” He said, trying his best with the excuse. Willow just laughed and they both went to the cash register and they both bought a separate can for both of them, Hunter knew this wasn’t a good idea, but what’s the worst that could happen?

An hour and 30 minutes later, Hunter had finished the whole can, he still felt desperate, but it wasn’t as bad, it was just the same as it was earlier. He quickly took a short nap, suddenly being awoken 3 minutes later from a speed bump, which made him leak a drop, as he quickly grabbed his crotch to stop it, luckily it was just a size of a single rice grain in his boxers. Vee quickly looked from the frontseat, noticing this, as she poked Camilla and pointed at Hunter, which made Camilla look At the car mirror. “Hunter, do you need to use the bathroom?” She asked in a serious tone. To which Hunter shook his head no. He was scared, he didn’t want to be told “hold it in Hunter. You’re such a baby.” Again. “I’m okay! It’s all good! I had to fix my pants, that’s all!” He said nervously. As Luz just shook her head teasingly at him.

@@about 2 hours in, the juice started to kick in. Hunter was now squirming and whining, sweating a bit aswell, he had gotten desperate, it was starting to hurt, feeling like you were stepping on legos, but it’s your bladder. All of a sudden, Ghost, Amity’s Palisman, suddenly got off of the staff, Amity looked glad to see her cat as she cooed “Awh, did you wanna join in on the trip too?” She asked, as Ghost quickly jumped from Amity’s arms, onto Hunters groin, stepping on his bladder. Which made Hunter yelp. “Eek!” He yelped out as Ghost purred up against him, laying down on his stomach, on his bladder, this put more pressure on Hunters need, and he felt like he was close to leaking. “Ghost, get off of him!” Amity said, as she picked ghost up, and put her in her arms. As Amity looked at Hunter with a grin.

@@about 2 hours and 40 minutes later, Hunters need was At a 98%, he could barely hold it. His bladder felt like it had pins and pricks in it. The car hit another speed bump, which made Hunter grab his crotch again and whine “Ngh! Ah!” He yelped. As his whines turned into sobs, Gus noticed this from the way back, poking Luz as a signal. “Mama, Hunter needs to use the bathroom.” She abruptly said, which made Hunter Shake his head no “Ah- I don-dont!” He said, squirming in place. Despite Hunters pleads and complaints, Camilla made a turn to a gas station that was near, the shop was closed, but the bathroom was opened, Camilla parked the car, quickly getting out. “I c-can’t, im not g-gonna…” he said as he whined. “You will.” Willow said seriously, as Luz opened the car door, as Amity held Hunters other arm, pulling him out. “I’m not g-going to! I n-need to h-hold it!” He said demandingly, “Dear, you’re gonna hurt yourself if you keep holding it in.” Camilla said sweetly. “Hunter, you’re safe now, no one will hurt you while we’re here. Now just go and relieve yourself, okay hun?” Willow said smiling, “Buh- but I!-“ Hunter tried to make everyone forget, his hands jammed into his crotch.

”you know what, go to the toilet.” Amity said as she willingly shoved Hunter into the stall and closed the door. “That’s what we did to kids who didn’t wanna use the potty when I worked at the library.” Amity said with a chuckle, as she was just joking. Luz giggled at her girlfriends statement. As Willow leaned by the door of the bathroom stall and knocked. “Hunter, you can pee now, it’s ok, we won’t get mad.” She said reassuringly.

Meanwhile in the stall, Hunter stood nervously next to the toilet as he heard Willows voice, as he decided to just do it. He needs to fucking pee. Hunter doesn’t usually like holding his dick while he pees, so he just sits down, it’s comfier anyways. As he pulled his jeans and boxers down in a hurry, as he quickly sat down on the toilet, as a loud, gush of urine spilled out as he sighed in relief, holding onto the toilet paper roll holder while panting, the stream quickly became harder and louder, as Hunter had been holding it in since the morning. Willow stood by the stall as she smiled, hearing Hunters sighs of relief in between, as the others patiently waited for him, as Amity giggled about the situation. “You know, I knew from the very start he needed to go.” She said chuckling, which received a fair amount of laughter from everyone.

@@after about 2 minutes, Hunters stream died down, as he leaned onto the toilet “Ohhhh geee…” he said in relief, before quickly wiping, flushing, washing and stuff you do after you use the toilet. He got out of the stall, looking better than before. “Feeling better now, dear?” Camilla asked gently, whic received a nod from Hunter. “Wayyyy better now! Thanks for being you know, not mad about this?” He said. “Why wouldnt we? We arent coocoo in the loocoo like that Belos.” Gus said laughing. “Now, does anyone need the bathroom before we set off again?” Camilla asked, which Willow blushed in embarrassment, doing a tiny potty dance. “Fantas not a good option during road trips Willow!” She said as she hobbled to the stall, which received a laugh from Hunter.

The End! Let me know if ya want more!

*003*2023-07-31 10:00

{{3 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

I loved this story! Great work and thanks for writing and sharing it!

It's been a while since I've read a new TOH omo fic. And almost all the ones that include Hunter as the main omo victim also include incest, which is a huge turn off for me. So I'm glad this story didn't have it.

You did a great job of building up the desperation and having the other characters react to his desperation. Even including a bit of omo from Luz and Willow too!

Also, it makes me happy everytime I see the "Odalia made Amity hold her pee when she was little" headcanon.

I would love to read more stories from you, whether it be more The Owl House, or another cartoon! You're a great writer, keep up the great work!

}}

Thank you so much! And yes, I’ve noticed the usual incest fics, which I absolutely hate and will never put in any of my fics.

*004*2023-08-09 16:55

{{On 7/29/2023 at 10:36 PM, ChaoticCharlie said:

MORE PLSSZ

}}

Sure! Any suggestions?

*008*2023-08-10 11:21

{{16 hours ago, RenaOmorashi said:

May you do irish's Bush Reilef?

}}

A fic or a piece of art?

{{18 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

Sometimes, I get comments requesting me to write Omo where Hunter is the main victim. I am very unlikely to write about that since I'm less interested in male Omo. So I'll just pass on the ideas to you. Only had one idea request so far:

}}

Oh I love this idea alot!

