Limits (Dragon Ball Z Fanfiction)

Author: secretomoact

*005*2023-02-12 23:32

Guess I'm continuing this after all. This chapter's mostly focused on Gohan, since I had some headcanons for him as well, and realized he'd be able to figure out Vegeta's problem pretty easily if he thought about it for long enough.

***

The thing about being put through tons of rigid, harsh, intense training starting from the age of four is that it tends to instill a lot of habits that are tough to break. It’s hard to go back to ‘normal’ when ‘normal’ has always been synonymous with strict schedules and constantly being pushed beyond the limit.

After the defeat of Cell, when Gohan was told he was finally going to get to live as a regular kid, at least for a bit, it took him ages to adjust to a lot of things. His sleeping pattern was completely messed up. When he was four and Piccolo had left him to fend for himself in the desert, the night was always more dangerous than the day. For a time, he was more-or-less nocturnal. He rested when the sun was out and there was less chance of something sneaking up on him in the dark. He hunted at night.

Then, when Piccolo returned and started to actually train him, Gohan was only permitted to enjoy the bare minimum of sleep required to keep him functioning. Every other moment had to be put towards preparing for the saiyans.

Namek had messed with his internal clock as well. It was a planet with three suns, and a ‘day’ was far longer there than it was on Earth. When he did sleep, it was never restful, not with Frieza and his army around. Then, preparing for the androids, it was back to constantly training with Dad, and Gohan’s ‘free’ time was being taken up by doing school work for Mom. Hardly any time for sleep.

Follow that with a year in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, where day and night were indistinguishable from one another, and Gohan really just never learned how to put his body to sleep at the proper times.

After Cell’s death, it took him months to be able to go to bed before three in the morning or wake up before two in the afternoon.

His Mom, at least, was understanding of that. Though, she believed his broken sleep schedule was more due to a barrage of nightmares than anything else. She was even grateful for his odd hours when it meant that he was willing to stay up with baby Goten when he got fussy. Gohan was still getting all of his schoolwork done, so it was fine.

The other habit that Gohan struggled to break was a bigger problem to Mom, though.

When Piccolo had been training Gohan, a major issue arose in the fact that Gohan needed to take short ‘breaks’ an awful lot. He was little, and he’d spent months alone in the desert, relieving himself whenever he pleased so long as he was sure that the smell wouldn’t attract any wild beasts. He got used to not having to hold it. Very often, Gohan would start to wriggle and whine, telling Piccolo that he needed to pee and couldn’t wait.

Piccolo would always TELL him to wait, though. “Rest-time is later,” he’d say. “We can’t waste a second now.”

Inevitably, Gohan’s fighting ability would deplete since he could do little more than cross his legs and jump up and down. Not long after, he’d wet his clothes and have to struggle not to cry with embarrassment. Piccolo would always scold him afterwards, tell him that he needed to toughen up every part of his body.

But then, after a while, Piccolo saw that everything else about Gohan was definitely getting MUCH stronger. His punches were more powerful, he was a lot faster, he could fire chi blasts with ease… But, he was still peeing himself as often as he had at the beginning.

One night when they were resting, Piccolo decided to speak to him about it. “It appears I may have made a mistake.”

Gohan frowned and tensed up. “Am I not doing good enough?” He asked fearfully.

“No,” Piccolo said. “You’re progressing as I expected… For the most part. I think I was just wrong about something. The issue with you always… Releasing water onto yourself.”

Gohan blushed and looked away. “I always try not to! I promise!”

“I know,” Piccolo assured him. “See, I don’t let out water like you do.”

“I’ll be able to hold it like you eventua—“

“Not what I meant,” Piccolo interrupted. “I meant, I don’t do it at all. I never have.”

“Oh…” Gohan said. That made sense, he supposed. He didn’t know what exactly Piccolo was, but he clearly wasn’t a human. He’d also never seen Piccolo urinate or display any need to do so, but had assumed that meant he was just really good at holding it in. “I think my wiener would fall off if I didn’t pee…”

Piccolo sighed. “I don’t have a ‘wiener’.”

“… Is that why you’re always so mad?”

“Gohan…” Piccolo groaned. “Look, I thought that with enough training, you would cease needing to release water. Or at least, you’d need it less frequently. However, with how much stronger the rest of your body has gotten… Does it cause you discomfort? Distraction?”

Gohan nodded. “It hurts if I wait too long, and then I can’t think about anything else.”

“Is that why you start jumping around so much?”

“Yeah…”

“Alright,” Piccolo decided. “Since it seems this is hindering your training, I’ll give you a short break every few hours.”

Gohan felt immensely better after that. He was pleased to learn that Piccolo hadn’t been forcing him to have accidents in order to hurt him or make him feel ashamed, and instead had just misunderstood things about the biology of a different species. Now, he was permitted to relieve himself every six hours. However, Gohan had still just been a kid. Being half-saiyan meant his bladder was a LITTLE bigger than most kids his age, but six hours was still a LONG time to wait. Usually, he only barely made it. Sometimes, he had an accident.

Piccolo kept needing to adjust the schedule until he hit upon the exact length of time Gohan could handle holding it before he popped. Gohan knew enough about biology to understand that waiting until his limit wasn’t very good for him, but at least now he was usually making it, and Piccolo was unwilling to give him breaks more often than that.

So, for months, the boy held his bladder until the second Piccolo said the words; “Break-time. Relieve yourself, Gohan.” And he didn’t realize that this had instilled a bad habit into him until later.

While riding the space-ship to Namek, Gohan spent most of his time with Dad’s old friend Krillin. The very first day of the voyage, Krillin noticed Gohan starting to fidget on the floor with a deeply uncomfortable look on his face. When he heard Gohan whimper, he spoke up; “Uhhh, you know, there’s a toilet that way…” he pointed off.

“Huh?” Gohan looked up, confused for a second until the words finished processing. “Oh! Yeah!” He stood and very frantically ran off.

Krillin overheard him as he went, and was a little concerned by how long he was peeing for. When Gohan came back, Krillin told him, “Try not to hold it like that. Do you have any idea what your Mom will do to me if you hurt your bladder?” He tried to laugh, but when he saw Gohan nibbling at his lip, he added; “Oh, uh, if you’re shy, you can just say so. Bulma and I can cover our ears while you—“

“Not shy,” Gohan said. In actuality, he just sort of… Hadn’t noticed that he needed to pee until he heard someone TELL him to. That was really weird…

Later, Gohan was able to recognize his urge on his own, but for some reason felt compelled to ask Krillin for permission first. He ignored the odd thought and just went to the toilet, but when he tried to use it, nothing happened.

Even more confused, he just went back out and sat with Krillin again, until the bald man noticed him fidgeting once more. “Gohan, remember earlier? Make sure you use the toilet when you need to.”

As soon as Krillin had TOLD him to pee, Gohan had to RUN so that he’d make it in time.

This kept up for the entirety of the trip. Sometimes, Gohan didn’t notice his bladder was full until Krillin or Bulma directed him to use the restroom. Other times, he noticed it first, but was unable to pee unless he first requested permission.

He didn’t understand what was happening, and he hoped this issue would go away soon.

It didn’t.

On Namek, he still had to HEAR someone say the words “Gohan, time to relieve yourself” or some equivalent of that. When he found himself desperate and alone at Guru’s place, it was difficult for him to explain to the old Namekian what he needed him to say.

Worse yet, the more stressed out he became by the situation on Namek, the more fearful he felt of Vegeta, the more terrified he was of Frieza, the more he wished his Dad would hurry up and get there… The more often he NEEDED to pee. And, if he wasn’t near someone he trusted enough to ask permission from, he was stuck holding it.

Later, when Dad was helping him get ready for the androids, yet MORE fears being loaded onto his back, Gohan had to pee nearly every hour. The only upside was that, since it was DAD he was training with, he always gave permission the second Gohan requested it. Dad didn’t seem to understand very well though. “You know son, you don’t NEED to ask me every time. If you say you’re leaving for a second, I’ll know what you’re doing.”

Gohan tried that a couple times, but the issue persisted.

It kept up during the year in the Time Chamber, too. And there, Dad was a lot tougher on him than usual, so determined to make him into a Super Saiyan. Fighting was non-stop in the chamber, and Gohan was so scared about what may have been happening outside that his bladder filled at a ridiculous pace. He was terrified that something bad would happen to Piccolo, to Krillin, to all his friends…

He had one accident during that year, the first and only time Dad told him to wait. “Not right now, son. I think you’re nearly THERE, you can pee when you’re a Super Saiyan!”

Minutes later, Gohan was drenched and Dad was apologizing over and over.

After the Cell Game, when Gohan was promised that he could finally be a ‘regular’ kid, his peeing habits were as tough to break as his sleeping ones. Tougher, even.

While Mom could understand why a teenager who’d spent his entire childhood fighting and watching his friends and family get attacked would have trouble getting a full night’s sleep, she couldn’t grasp the peeing thing at all. The first time she walked into his room to see how his studies were going, and found him jiggling around at his desk, clutching himself and obviously close to an accident, she’d yelled at him. “Gohan! I spend enough time changing GOTEN’S diapers, go to the toilet!”

Gohan jumped, startled, then registered the enormous pressure in his bladder, felt some of it jostle loose and warm his clothes… “Ah— Okay!” He rushed off, making it without even one second to spare.

Later that day, Gohan came up to Mom shifting between his feet with wide eyes. “M—Mom, may I please go to the restroom?”

And Mom had just stared at him. “Why are you asking me that?”

Gohan ran a hand through his hair anxiously. “I— I just— I need to hear someone say it…”

“Why?”

“Mom, please?” Gohan was really begging now, jumping in place, legs crossing. “Hurry!”

Mom sighed, “Yes, Gohan. You are allowed to use the restroom.”

“Oh, thank you!” Gohan cried, breathless as he ran off.

Over the next few years, Mom didn’t come to understand it any better, but just had to accept that she either told Gohan “Yes, go to the toilet now,” or she risked him making a puddle. She finally DID figure out that he genuinely NEEDED to hear those words eventually, when she found him standing in the restroom late one night, jiggling and twisting and muttering the words “Break-time. Relieve yourself, Gohan,” over and over to himself while he failed to urinate.

“Gohan, pee,” Mom said nervously.

And, immediately, he did, panting with relief.

Mom left him, wishing she could figure out what was going on with her son, why he was so distressed…

Other times, Mom would still find Gohan squirming and holding himself, seemingly unaware of the fact that his bladder was full until she SAID something. “If only Goku were here,” Gohan overheard her telling Grandpa one day. “Maybe HE knows why Gohan’s acting this way.”

Much later, Gohan started high school in the city. His habit still hadn’t been broken. It didn’t matter WHO told him to pee, but he needed to hear it from SOMEONE before he could go. Goten had been filling that role most often lately. The boy thought his older brother’s gotta-pee dances were really funny. He enjoyed teasing Gohan about them, telling him to ask permission with silly phrases. As far as Goten was concerned, it was just a game. He didn’t realize Gohan NEEDED to be granted permission before he could pee. Gohan was happy to amuse him, luckily Goten had never taken it too far, had never REFUSED him permission and tried to make him hold it.

Granted, Gohan didn’t think the boy had realized he COULD do that yet.

At first, it was easy to manage his bladder at school. Since it was customary to request permission to use the toilet there, no one looked at him oddly when he did it. The only thing that really tripped him up was his whole issue of sometimes getting too engrossed in something and not noticing his urge until someone else pointed it out. There were a couple embarrassing instances where that happened. The worst being when he was hard at work on a test, tapping his foot and bouncing his knee until the blonde girl sitting beside him whispered; “Are you gonna pee your pants?”

Immediately, a severe urge slammed into him and he frantically waved his hand around until he was told he was free to go.

But, after a while, Gohan made a very crucial error.

He’d started to fight crime in the city, concealing his identity with a costume and calling himself the Great Saiyaman. Sometimes, he left during class to handle a situation, and the easiest way to get out of class was to say that he was going to the restroom. He didn’t realize how often he was doing this, or how long he ended up disappearing for, until one day his teacher told him that he couldn’t leave. “The last four times I let you go, you didn’t come back for hours. You’re not skipping my class anymore.”

Gohan sank in his chair, ashamed of himself. He knew school was important, but the things he did as the Great Saiyaman were really important too. What concerned him most was how that girl Videl WAS able to leave class to go after criminals. It was only because her father was Hercule Satan, the man everyone believed had defeated Cell. Gohan worried about Videl a lot when she left and he couldn’t follow.

And when he got nervous, his bladder got full…

The first time Videl departed and he was left there to fret, his anxiety seemed to send his kidneys straight into over drive. Within minutes, he was tensing his thighs and dragging his feet against the ground, crossing his ankles back and forth. The need grew at an alarming pace, causing him to go from ‘I’m fine and don’t need the bathroom at all’ to ‘I think I’m going to wet my pants!’ In under ten minutes.

After a sudden shockwave of a spasm tore through him, his hand shot up.

And, he discovered that using ‘I need to pee’ as an excuse to leave school too many times had a very dire consequence. He hadn’t even made the connection until that moment. When the new rule had been explained to him, all he’d thought was ‘I can’t help Videl anymore’. He hadn’t even considered ‘Now they aren’t gonna let me leave when I really DO have to pee.’

But of course, when he asked to be excused, the answer was no.

He tried not to get upset. He knew this was his own fault. If he hadn’t skipped class so many times, he would be allowed to relieve himself now. He was lucky that school ended in an hour. The next sixty minutes still passed by at a sluggishly slow pace. He couldn’t focus on anything, the mounting pressure in his bladder just refused to leave him alone. His feet were tapping, and it was difficult not to reach down and squeeze himself.

When class finally ended, he was the first one out of his seat. He’d been warned by all of his friends not to let his classmates get a glimpse of his powers. He’d messed that up a few times already, especially in front of Videl, and he was trying not to make another mistake now. Still, the intense pangs of need in his midsection were screaming at him that he shouldn’t be walking at such a slow pace. He should instead tap into his true speed, run to the bathroom so quickly that the average person’s eye wouldn’t even be able to see him.

Once he saw the sign for the restroom, he couldn’t help it anymore, he sprinted the last few feet towards it and shoved open the door. His urge felt near-critical, the intensity of the pressure reminding him of all the times he’d frantically hopped up and down in front of Piccolo, struggling to make the Namekian understand that he NEEDED to let his bladder release.

Gohan got to a urinal and unzipped his pants, but then he ran into a different problem. No one had actually TOLD him that it was time to pee yet. His body thought that it was time, HE thought that it was time, but without hearing the order, his bladder wouldn’t ease. His body was just too well-trained, it only responded to certain commands. Bearing down, he started to mumble the phrase Piccolo had always used, “Break-time. Relieve yourself, Gohan…” But, as ever, it didn’t work when HE was the one saying it.

He thought about going BACK to the classroom. Hopefully, his teacher would still be there. He could say “Hey, since school’s over, I CAN go to the bathroom now, right?” He knew the question would sound odd, but hopefully he’d get to hear the words his body needed.

Leaving the restroom without actually using it made Gohan’s bladder ripple with irritation. That frustrated him a lot. The bloated organ COULD have chosen to drain at any point while he’d still been at the urinal. He re-entered his classroom, and his hopes sank when he found it was empty. His teacher couldn’t grant him permission, and he desperately needed SOMEONE to do it.

Not all of his classmates had left yet, he didn’t think. Surely several of them would be going to sports practices, or just hanging out around the school. He could maybe ask one of them… Yeah. He was still fairly new here. He could just pretend that he’d gotten turned around and couldn’t FIND a restroom. He wandered the halls for a bit, his bladder knotting and contorting within him. He kept needing to pause in order to squeeze his thighs together or scissor his legs.

He just didn’t see anyone…

Finally, he accepted that he was wasting his time. When he got home, Goten would see him in what was sure to be an agonizingly desperate state and giggle at him. Then he’d tap his chin. “Ummmm…. Say ‘Goten, I hafta tinkle real bad!’ Then I’ll let you pee!”

Gohan would repeat the phrase, or whatever embarrassing statement Goten had come up with. He’d blush, but be relieved that someone had finally told him it was okay to go.

He definitely couldn’t FLY home this way. Flight took a lot of concentration, and most of his mental energy had to go towards holding his bladder in and not letting it leak. The Nimbus would get him home pretty fast, but not as quickly as flying. Perhaps he could stop somewhere along the way?

The only place he could think of between here and home was Capsule Corp. He’d be okay with asking Bulma or Trunks if he could please use the toilet there. But, if he ran into Vegeta instead…

Gohan had never ONCE gone to Vegeta for permission. He ALWAYS went to someone else— Anyone else! On the rare occasions he’d been alone with Vegeta and had badly needed to pee, he’d refused to ask— He’d HELD it. He knew Vegeta would probably make him do something first, like beg or grovel. Or something even more ridiculous, like defeat him in combat… He also just KNEW that if Vegeta found out Gohan couldn’t urinate until he was directly TOLD to do so, the older Saiyan would find it hysterical. “Kakarot’s brat could kill Cell, but can’t even piss without being given directions first.”

Gohan didn’t want to subject himself to that. He’d learned to live with Vegeta’s taunts about other things, but THIS topic was just so personal and embarrassing.

He’d go home. He’d try to hold it in. And, if he started to lose control, he’d… Unzip and pee over the edge of the Flying Nimbus. Just. So long as he wasn’t above an area with lots of people at the time.

He called to the Nimbus and when it arrived, he climbed on. “T—Take me home,” he told it. “As fast as you can.”

The cloud took off, speeding through the sky. Still nowhere near as fast as Gohan could fly when he was uninhibited. He wriggled where he sat, pushing a foot firmly into his crotch and rocking against it. He’d been holding it so long already, the cold wind in his face wasn’t helping! The chill was making him shiver which, in turn, made the walls of his bloated bladder contract and try even harder to pump out his pee.

He wanted to warm up, but when he felt heat soaking out between his legs he was filled with nothing but horror. It was coming out! He was gonna have to— He reached for his zipper, his hand trembled, spasmed, then stopped.

He couldn’t make himself pee off of a flying cloud. Even if he didn’t accidentally HIT someone, a person could look up, see him doing it… He flushed hot with embarrassment. What if someone at school found out? What if MOM found out?! She’d scold him for so long that his ears would go numb…

“A—Actually, Nimbus… Um… Take me to Capsule Corp, it’s closer.” As the cloud swiftly turned in a new direction, Gohan hoped that BULMA would be the first person he found there. Trunks would be fine, too. Either of Bulma’s parents, any of the employees, just ANYONE but—

Of course, when he frantically bobbed and hobbled into Capsule Corp, the first person he encountered when he entered the Brief’s living area was Vegeta… WHY did he have to come by during what was probably the ONLY part of the day Vegeta WASN’T in the gravity chamber?!

Vegeta looked tense, which was normal. What wasn’t normal was the small tremor in one of his legs as he stalked over to Gohan. “Don’t you ever warn anyone before you show up at their home?”

“V—Vegeta… This is… Um… M—May I use the restroom?” Gohan asked. ‘Please say yes,’ he begged. ‘Please just say yes…’

Vegeta’s frown somehow managed to deepen, his shoulders twitching. “Why would you ask me that?” He demanded. The amount of frustration in his voice sounded VERY unnecessary to Gohan. But, he could say the same thing MOST times Vegeta spoke.

“B—Because you’re the only one here…”

Vegeta glowered at him. Even though Gohan was taller than him now, he still managed to always look intimidating. There was something WEIRD about his eyes, though. Something in them that Gohan didn’t see very often… “But, why— Wait. Did Kakarot ever… Tell you anything ‘strange’ about me?”

Gohan crossed his legs and stared down at himself. He swore his middle actually looked kind of swollen… He was going to burst! If Vegeta wanted to complain about Dad again, couldn’t he wait until later? Gohan didn’t even know what he expected to hear! What would Dad have even SAID? “What?” Gohan asked. “Vegeta, I know it’s weird, but I can’t go unless you—“

“Answer the question,” Vegeta commanded. “Did Kakarot ever mention… Something about me?”

Gohan wanted to scream. He was getting genuinely angry, and he knew he had to push that aside. When he got mad, he tended to lose control, his power spiked to tremendous levels, and he was POSITIVE that transforming into a Super Saiyan now would put too much strain on his body and cause him to have an accident. “He mentioned LOTS of things about you, Vegeta. Of course he did, he spent so much time with—“

“I meant—“ Vegeta’s voice hitched, confusing Gohan more than ever. “Anything… Related to…” He trailed off, that strange quality returning to his eyes, his frown pulling further downwards.

Gohan thought about it, and assumed Vegeta had been trying to say “Anything related to peeing.” Dad had never said one word to Gohan about Vegeta pissing. Why WOULD he? Vegeta seemed awful nervous for some reason though, so he figured something embarrassing must have happened. “He never told me anything,” Gohan said. “But, I guess… Did you wet yourself in front of him once?”

Gohan felt Vegeta’s chi spike abruptly, felt it continuing to rise. He saw Vegeta redden and realized he’d made an awful mistake.

“B—But, I swear, he never TOLD me about it, I just figured it out because you’re—“

“I’ve never done THAT in front of Kakarot— Or anyone ELSE!” Vegeta yelled. “That’s NOT what I was asking about!”

“O—Oh, okay…” Gohan said. “Then wha—“

“If you don’t know, then he must not have told you,” Vegeta said. “And I’M not telling you, either. So, be quiet and—“

“But, I still need to… Please, tell me I can use the bathroom?”

“WHY do you need me to tell you that?” Vegeta snapped. “Are you trying to annoy me?”

Gohan shook his head, “No, I just really need—“

“Somehow, you figured this out on your own, and you want to make a game of it. Is that it?”

“Vegeta, you aren’t making ANY sense, just tell me that I can—“

“Well, it’s not funny,” Vegeta said.

“Do you… Have to go too?” Gohan ventured. If that was the case, he didn’t understand why Vegeta didn’t just DO it… HE didn’t have to hear a trigger-phrase first!

“That’s not a concern of yours,” Vegeta stated. “Drop the subject now, or else you’re going to learn what it feels like to get wished back with the dragon balls.”

Gohan was fairly used to hearing Vegeta threaten him, and everyone around him. He never really meant it, but usually there was at least a REASON for the hostility. ‘May I use the bathroom? Do you also need to go?’ weren’t the sorts of questions that warranted ‘I will KILL you!’ as a response.

Gohan went quiet, though. He could see the door to a restroom behind Vegeta, and yearned to rush through it. He just knew his body would fail to cooperate if he did… Gohan managed to remain silent for a few more seconds, before he felt a drip rolling down his leg and just HAD to ask again. “Can you please just tell me I can go the the restroom?”

Vegeta furiously turned away, “Why do you keep asking? You just waltz in here all the time! Why are you suddenly asking permission to go somewhere?”

“I… I just…” Gohan nibbled on his lip. He knew Vegeta was going to make fun of him… He was going to make fun of him, and probably take advantage of his habit, too. Once he knew Gohan couldn’t urinate until HE gave the order, he was sure to DEMAND something first. Probably a fight with HIM since Dad wasn’t around. Gohan was sure to get OBLITERATED if he made any attempt to fight now…

Why did Vegeta have to be such a stubborn jerk? Why did he need to have this explained, why couldn’t he just say “Yes, Gohan. You may relieve yourself”?

“I… Whe—When I was younger, all the… training I had to do. My body just got… Really used to only letting me pee according to a schedule, when someone else told me it was time… It’s, um, it’s psychological, like how you can teach an animal to respond to certain commands, and… Hah— I’ve been waiting all day, and nobody’s told me that I can pee yet, so I—“

“So, if I don’t TELL you to piss, you can’t do it?” Vegeta interrupted.

Gohan nodded, ashamed. He braced himself for the laughter, the refusal, the demands…

To his shock, Vegeta DIDN’T laugh, just frowned more. “If someone— ANYONE— tells you to relieve yourself, you just… Will?”

More nodding, more blushing. Sometimes, when Gohan finally received the instruction, his holding muscles would go loose INSTANTLY and if he didn’t hurry, he’d leave a way-too-obvious wet spot on his clothes.

“And you consider THAT a problem?”

Gohan’s nods became more frantic. Of course it was a problem! If he was alone for too long, if whoever he was with told him ‘no’, or… Dragged out the process for some incomprehensible reason, then his bladder would ache so badly!

Vegeta crossed his arms, and Gohan saw his shoulders shudder again. “Go find Bulma and ask her,” he said. “I won’t be participating in this.”

“B—But, come on— It’s just a few words—“

“And you won’t be hearing them for me. So, if you need to go as bad as you claim, I’d suggest you ask someone else.”

Gohan gave up. He should have known better than to ask Vegeta to begin with. He just didn’t understand what the man’s problem was! If Vegeta had started to laugh and make fun of him, at least it would make sense. Instead he’d seemed just ANGRY when Gohan explained what he needed. Anger WAS Vegeta’s default emotion, but it was almost like he’d gotten offended… He’d been so defensive and combative through their entire conversation that it REALLY sounded like he took it personally for some reason.

Gohan tried not to think too hard about that. Vegeta was just a jerk, and Gohan had seldom understood his motivations for doing ANYTHING. This was most likely some coded way of telling Gohan to get tougher, by forcing him to hold his bladder even longer than he already had.

He found Bulma in one of the labs, and shifted back and forth as she greeted him, rubbing his ankles together. “Is the suit I made you working?” She asked.

“Y—Yes, um… I— May I please use the restroom?”

“Yeah, of course. You don’t have to ask.”

‘Tell that to my bladder…’ Gohan thought wryly. As had happened before, the second he heard the permission being granted, he felt like something dropped out from underneath him. Everything holding his pee in place just snapped and disintegrated, and a stream started to snake down his leg.

“Ah— Thank you!” He managed to exclaim before running off, a hand going to his groin as soon as he was sure Bulma could no longer see him. ‘Okay, nearest toilet is…’ He turned down one hallway, then another. Clutching himself WAS helping to keep his pee where it belonged, but little spurts hissed free every few steps. He wanted to start sprinting at full-speed, he knew THAT would get him to the bathroom within the blink of an eye, but he was sloshing his poor bladder’s contents up ENOUGH as it was!

He made it to the restroom and shoved the door aside, already unzipping before it had finished swinging shut behind him. He aimed at the toilet, and his dull, halting stream transformed into a waterfall, finally allowing himself to drain out everything he’d been holding onto. “Phew…” he sighed. As he at last managed to relax, he came to understand that he had a bit of a problem now.

If he’d lost his bathroom pass privileges at school, if his teachers were NEVER going to tell him ‘yes, go pee,’ then this… THIS was going to be a daily occurrence. They’d always say no if he asked DURING class, and if he asked afterwards, there was no guarantee they’d respond with a phrase his bladder accepted. It never took ‘Um, why do you think you need to ASK?’ as a form of permission. He needed to be directed SPECIFICALLY.

There was… Videl. His friend. Perhaps, he could explain the situation to her, ask HER to please always tell him to use the toilet during their breaks. He could just… Repeatedly ask a really pretty girl to let him pee…

Um…

Wait. Did he just think Videl was pretty?! That was new! He’d never thought that way about anyone else before!

But, the sudden realization that Videl was INDEED very attractive sent her straight to the BOTTOM of the list of people he’d want to request permission from. He’d even prefer the annoyance of whatever VEGETA had going on over that!

Speaking of Vegeta, what WAS his issue, anyway? Looking back, Gohan realized the man had actually been BLUSHING a little earlier. That was VERY uncommon to see from him. ‘Did I hurt his feelings somehow?’ Gohan wondered. He didn’t know how he COULD have, but understood that Vegeta WAS pretty sensitive about… A lot of things. Up to and including the fact that he ever felt sensitive.

Gohan finally finished urinating and zipped his pants up. A sore ache remained in his middle and, nervously, he rubbed a hand there. More dull throbs erupted beneath his touch. That REALLY wasn’t good. He could remember feeling this way after he’d finished before, and knew what to expect. He’d worn out his body. His bladder was going to feel fuller faster. If he didn’t figure out WHO to ask for permission from at school, it wasn’t impossible that he may have an accident tomorrow.

Add onto that the knowledge that he was certainly harming his health, and Gohan felt very anxious as he left the restroom. He walked off, his steps coming a lot more easily now that he wasn’t weighted down. Nerves still pinged inside him, however. This was a really big problem! He accepted that having an accident at school would be way worse than requesting help from Videl, but still wished there was someone ELSE he could choose! Videl was just the only one there that he felt close to!

When he went back through the living area, he expected to see Vegeta still there, he expected some kind of rude comment. But, the space was empty. The door to the restroom was shut, so Gohan figured he’d been correct in assuming that Vegeta ALSO needed to pee. Maybe he’d gotten so angry because Gohan was able to tell, or—

“Dammit! Relieve yourself, Vegeta!”

Gohan stumbled back, surprised by the sudden outburst. That hadn’t come close to reaching the decibels of Vegeta’s USUAL shouts. More a moaning yelp than anything. If Gohan hadn’t been so close to the door, he probably WOULDN’T have heard it.   Gohan knew nothing of the training Vegeta had received as a kid. Was it at all similar to his own? Had he too had it ingrained into him not to pee without being ordered to? That WOULD explain why he’d taken everything so personally. He was probably thinking; “Yeah? Well, Frieza made me hold it for DAYS, so why should I let you go NOW? You need to learn what real desperation is!”

Gohan didn’t hear any trickling from the other side of the door, so he assumed that, like him, Vegeta needed to hear someone ELSE use the phrase. It didn’t work if he heard it from his own mouth.

Should he help…?

Vegeta was… A difficult person to feel sympathy for, but the pain of his own full bladder was still fresh in Gohan’s mind. If Dad were here, he wouldn’t hesitate to help out. If Dad were here, he’d be irritated that Gohan WASN’T offering any assistance. “Yeah, Vegeta. Go ahead and pee,” Gohan called.

He was certain that the next thing he’d hear would be the thunderous roar of a long held stream. Maybe even a sigh of relief, if Vegeta’s pride allowed it. But, after several seconds, Gohan didn’t hear anything at all. Maybe he’d been too quiet? “Vegeta, it’s—“

The door slammed open, and Vegeta was standing there, fury knotting his features, and his face still dotted with his rarely seen blush. The tremors moving from his shoulders all the way down to his knees confirmed that he hadn’t urinated at all. “How long have you been standing there?!”

“Um… A couple minutes, are you—“

“I’m gonna—“

Gohan waved his hands, “H—Hang on!” He cried. “Calm down! What did I do?”

Vegeta glowered. “NOTHING about these last few minutes EVER happened,” he stated. “If you breathe one word of ANY of it—“

“I won’t!” Gohan promised, particularly since he still didn’t understand WHAT had just happened.

“You’d better,” Vegeta said darkly. “Now, get out. And if I hear you told someone, you’ll be having an early reunion with Kakarot.”

“I— I won’t,” Gohan repeated, rushing out. He left Capsule Corp and began his flight home, tensely trying to figure out what THAT was about. Vegeta had looked more embarrassed than he’d EVER seen him. And, looking back, when he’d told himself to urinate, his voice had trembled a little, the sentence sounding dangerously close to a plea…

Of course, when GOHAN tried to command himself to go, HE was begging too, but there was always the awareness that it WOULDN’T work. Vegeta, on the other hand, had sounded really hopeful. Like it was his first time even trying it…

But, why would he need to try it? If he HADN’T been trained to await a command, he should just… go, right? If he HADN’T been trained to await a command, then why had he gotten so annoyed when Gohan said that HE had? He hadn’t brought up any memories for him, anything that he would feel ashamed o—

Come to think of it, had Gohan ever seen Vegeta pee before? No, he couldn’t remember… He’d seen all the others relieve themselves in the past, most of them were guys, and they frequently trained in places that lacked toilets. But, he’d NEVER seen Vegeta do it. He could recall a few instances where he’d noticed Vegeta acting… uncharacteristically twitchy, and he’d wondered if he NEEDED to pee. However, as time wore on, Vegeta just got MORE fidgety, and never turned away to relieve himself.

Thinking back, now he remembered something else. Usually, when Vegeta had been subtly squirming or rocking on his feet for a while, Dad would suddenly announce that they’d been training in THIS location for too long, and it was time for somewhere new. They’d all start to leave, and Vegeta ALWAYS said he’d catch up in a few minutes. This had confused Gohan a lot, he would have expected Vegeta to want to race them all there… And when Vegeta later DID turn up, his shuddering twitches would all be gone.

If all his restlessness WAS due to an urge to urinate, it really looked like he refused to satiate it in the presence of others. It looked like Dad had KNOWN about that and had been trying to get him privacy.

And, today, when he’d verbally begged his bladder to release, then failed to get anything out… Perhaps ‘refused’ was the wrong phrase. Vegeta must have been suffering from Paruresis, that was the only thing that made sense. That was the ‘strange thing’ he’d been so nervous Dad had told Gohan about. That was why he’d thought Gohan was teasing him. That was why, when Gohan explained HIS issue, Vegeta had failed to see it as a problem. Being able to pee upon hearing the word was surely leagues easier than not being able to do it at all.

Gohan still felt the soreness in his bladder, a sign that it was exhausted and needed a break, that he’d HURT it today. He thought about the long, long hours he’d seen Vegeta go without privacy, and it was stunning to think that he must have just held it all that time, over and over. He could make himself pretty sick! It was a wonder he hadn’t already!

Gohan didn’t want Vegeta to actually hurt himself. ‘He’s been handling it himself for years,’ he thought. ‘And, if you show any concern, if you tell him that you figured this out, he WILL turn you and everything you love into a smoldering crater.’

He could try to assure Vegeta that it was nothing to be ashamed of… ‘Try not to be embarrassed. I’ve read about this. It’s a physiological thing. The adrenaline rush that occurs when you feel anxious causes a nervous system response that makes the neck of your bladder tighten involuntarily. The detrusor muscle, which should contract when you go to pee, is being inhibited by a sort of ‘block’ in the reflex pathway with your pontine micturition center— That’s the area of your brainstem that regulates urination. So, there are a lot of body parts involved, you can’t control it. This isn't your fault.’

He was sure Vegeta would punch him in the face at least twelve times before he even finished saying all of that.

Gohan was worried about Vegeta, but saw no way to assist him without getting himself injured in the process.

He was positive DAD had been helping, and just wished he was still around to do it.

That had been a few months ago now. Dad WAS back, the world was at peace… Gohan had seen Vegeta whisper something to Dad a few times before the two of them abruptly left somewhere together. Gohan had a feeling he knew what was happening there, and since Dad appeared to have it handled, he stopped worrying about it himself. He pretended like he didn’t remember the events of that afternoon, that he’d forgotten them just like Vegeta had ordered him to.

Vegeta himself had done well to push that day from his mind. Recalling the confusion displayed by Kakarot’s son, he doubted he’d managed to figure anything out. He also felt confident he’d adequately threatened Gohan away from investigating it any further on his own.

Reluctantly, Vegeta acknowledged that the ‘system’ he had with Kakarot now worked pretty well. It had… prevented him from experiencing the back cramps for a while, anyway. His worst fear, that he’d experience that sensation while in a large crowd and be unable to restrain his shout of pain, seemed less likely to ever come true.

He perhaps let himself get TOO comfortable, though. When he finally DID have another big ‘incident’, he was NOT prepared for how it would make him feel.

*006*2023-02-15 21:06

Vegeta woke in the middle of the night feeling sharp, throbbing pulses in his abdomen. This rarely happened to him, his sleep was seldom interrupted by his bladder. Truthfully, he saw that more as a problem, it was always easier to relieve himself when everyone around him was asleep and unaware. Since he usually slept through a full bladder, the morning would consist of him awkwardly awaiting a chance to go, fighting not to alert anyone to how much he was anticipating a moment of privacy.

So, when he DID manage to wake up in need of a pee, instead of his customary irritation, he felt relieved. If he went now, he wouldn’t be bursting too badly when the sun rose… He WAS bursting pretty badly now, however. Embarrassing as it was, even HE was not immune to the suggestions and temptations of the dream he’d just had. It had been a memory of Namek. Specifically, the very first moment he’d felt the sensation of boiling acid erupting upwards into his kidneys.   Except, in the dream, there had been an additional element; Frieza had been present to watch. He was immensely glad that, in reality, Frieza had never once been able to catch Vegeta whilst he was suffering such an immense crisis of need, but dreams had a way of bringing to life the things he’d most dreaded.

Frieza had floated above him, watching as Vegeta tried and failed to get his stream started. When the pain erupted and Vegeta yelled from the shock that a mundane biological urge could POSSIBLY hurt him that badly, Frieza started to chuckle. “So, the stupid monkey isn’t even able to relieve himself, is he? What was it you were trying to convince me of earlier? That you’re some sort of a Super Saiyan…? I can’t say I believe that now.”   Frieza landed behind Vegeta, whom turned around, gritting his teeth and readying his fists. He would destroy Frieza for EVERYTHING he’d put him through, and ESPECIALLY for seeing him this way!

But Frieza shook his head. “You know? I don’t even think fighting you would be worth my time. Seems you’re doing a fine job of defeating YOURSELF, wouldn’t you agree? I’d just get in the way.”

That was when Vegeta had finally woken up, his back screeching with the same pain he’d felt in his dream. He tried to ignore the memory of it, it hadn’t even actually HAPPENED, so it did him no good to dwell on it. He WAS a Super Saiyan, in spite of his problem (Sort of… because of it, actually. He just didn’t like to THINK about that part.)

He looked to his side and confirmed that Bulma was still asleep. It was safe to pee now. He climbed out of bed, trying not to make any noise when the insurmountable weight of his bladder pushed itself fervently against his sphincters. Why was it so intense?!

Right… He hadn’t gone before bed. He hadn’t FORGOTTEN to, but he’d been waiting for Bulma to fall asleep first and he must have passed out before he was able to hear her snore. He smirked to himself, thinking that if he wasn’t so ashamed of his problem, he might TELL Bulma that her snoring was the ‘green light’ for his nightly piss. He was sure her reaction to the news that she made such noises would be priceless.

He made it to the restroom and locked the door behind himself. He had to be very careful as he did this, Earth locks were so fragile that he’d accidentally broken a couple in the past from turning them too quickly. The one time he’d broken the lock on this particular door, the sudden rush of panic that flowed through his veins had been so cold he’d actually shivered.

He relaxed when he heard the lock click without shattering. He lifted the seat on the toilet and readied himself to go. During his first few days at Capsule Corp, Bulma had actually commented to him that she was STUNNED he remembered to move the seat up and down when he used the restroom, and even more surprised that he actually bothered to DO it. “Haven’t seen it left up even once! So, I guess you DO have some manners. Before you know it, you might even be civilized!”

Vegeta had refused to admit that the only reason he always made sure the seat was down was because he wanted there to be NO signs that he’d ever pissed before in his life.

His bladder unclenched easily, he’d gotten used to peeing here and so long as Bulma was somewhere else or asleep, he didn’t struggle. Pressure ebbed away slowly as he relaxed further. Bulma had also once mentioned that she appreciated how he’d never left anything splashed on the rim of the bowl. But, this was thanks to another of his habits, he didn’t let himself pee directly into the water. That noise was just too obvious. Not hitting the water left less opportunity for splashback.

He still worried that his stream was too loud. This was probably the only time Vegeta ever cared about being quiet. The hiss of urine gushing out was just such an embarrassing noise, such a blatant, unmistakable one…

***

Bulma’s eyes slowly drifted open. Groaning, she realized she had to pee, and the urge was too significant for her to turn over and go back to sleep. Begrudgingly, she got up and approached the restroom door, but noticed the glow of light seeping out from beneath it.

Oh. So then, Vegeta was…

Ever since Vegeta had confessed his problem to her, she’d mostly just been amused by it. She couldn’t help it. It just… It WAS funny. This strong, tough, take-no-prisoners man struggling with something so simple. She came to sort of understand it a little bit more as she got to know him better, Vegeta was much more sensitive than he let on.

In all the years they’d been together, Bulma still hadn’t ONCE seen Vegeta go into the restroom. She’d seen him NEEDING to pee plenty of times. He probably thought he was being subtle about it, but when he could tap his foot hard enough to leave a crack in the floor, subtlety just wasn’t possible. She still wasn’t entirely sure when he actually WENT… Apparently he only did it at night?

She could hear him peeing through the door and it was making her own urge worsen. She tried not to listen to it. She was sure he wouldn’t WANT her to listen to it. She even considered going back to bed and pretending that she was asleep so that he wouldn’t see her by the door when he finished.

But, if she went back to bed, she may fall asleep again without relieving herself and that could end badly. Besides, Vegeta needed to get OVER this whole thing. After he’d gone within earshot of her once, he’d see that it was no big deal.

The sound of trickling liquid carried on in the other room and Bulma shifted on her feet. ‘How much can he possibly pee?’ She asked herself. She assumed Saiyans could hold more than humans, but she’d been waiting for at least an entire minute now, and Vegeta’s stream had only grown more intense. Considering that she didn’t know how long he’d been going before she’d woken up, it was actually freaking her out a little. No matter how strong he was, his bladder still had to fit INSIDE of his body, right? It had a limited amount of room in there. He was probably doing some kind of internal damage. She imagined having to get a senzu bean for him after he’d managed to explode his bladder. SHE’D have to go ask for it because he’d be too ashamed to admit that his life-threatening injury hadn’t been gained in battle.

She heard him breathing a little heavily as his stream slowed down, and her own bladder went a little loose. Surely he was nearly finishe—

The furious typhoon resumed. He wasn’t done. How was that even possible? Without thinking, Bulma spoke “That’s so much—Are you okay?!”

Abruptly, like a bathtub being switched off, all the watery noises of Vegeta’s relief ceased. The only thing that remained was a heavy silence.

Bulma closed her mouth. She… Probably shouldn’t have said that…

The door slammed open so fast that it made Bulma stumble. With some concern, her gaze darted to the hinge, making sure he hadn’t just broken the thing entirely. It seemed to be intact.

Vegeta said nothing as he passed her, simply returned to the bed and laid down, facing away from her.

“Okay, calm down,” Bulma said. “So, I heard you peeing. That’s not the end of the—“

“SILENCE.”

“Everyone DOES it,” Bulma said. “Fine, you can listen to ME pee. I don’t care!”

Vegeta covered his ears as Bulma entered the restroom. On what planet was THIS a solution? She’d just caused him to stop mid-stream (which had felt like having his urethra pinched shut by someone ten times stronger than him) and now she wanted him to LISTEN while she did what he couldn’t? He hadn’t gotten to finish! He still needed to go! The LAST thing he wanted to hear was—

He couldn’t turn off his ears, and Saiyan hearing was better than most. He heard every last gush, every last drip, every last hiss as Bulma urinated. His bladder thrashed inside of him, kicking in all directions. He was just glad he’d been able to get enough out to erase the back pain, but he KNEW it would be returning soon.

Bulma was done in under a minute, and Vegeta was surprised. He wasn’t used to it being over that fast. He endured the rush of the sink faucet for a few more seconds, and still refused to turn around when Bulma got back into bed.

“Are you really gonna sulk all night just because I heard you pee?”

It wasn’t even JUST that she’d heard him, or that she’d known he was voiding. It was the specific thing she’d SAID about it, and the tone her voice had taken on. She’d sounded actually WORRIED. Worried about him because of— Of THAT. It was hard enough for him to accept someone’s concern after he’d had multiple bones broken!

She knew that he held in a lot, more than anyone else could. But, where he usually felt PRIDE over being the ‘best’ at something, in this case it was nothing but shame. It was an embarrassing function, so it wasn’t like he’d enjoy showing off this ability to anyone. And he couldn’t even be THAT impressed with it himself anymore because the only reason he could DO it was because he COULDN’T relieve himself like others did.

That was the crux of it. The amount of piss Vegeta could hold, the size and strength of his bladder, was not because he was MORE capable than others, it was because he LACKED an ability which they all possessed and took for granted.

This may have begun as a test and show of his strength, but it had mutated into something completely different. It had become something that he wasn’t powerful enough to control, and he couldn’t STAND it. His bladder was strong as the result of a very shameful weakness.

Bulma huffed when she failed to get a response from him. “You’re really over-reacting, you know that? I wasn’t trying to embarrass you. And now that you’ve peed around me once, you should be able to do it again.”

The very idea of subjecting himself to that degree of humiliation AGAIN was horrifying. He tried to come up with something to even say to her, but his insides were twisting and knotting so painfully that he couldn’t think. His bladder was INFURIATED that he hadn’t finished releasing it. Usually, once he got himself truly STARTED, he didn’t stop peeing until he was DONE. Bulma commenting on his stream had been MORE than enough to shove a plug back inside him.

He didn’t think he was over-reacting. He’d TOLD Bulma what his problem was, she should have known not to listen, not to comment. She should have expected this. He was just so uncomfortable, still so full, so ashamed. If he managed to fall back asleep, he was sure his earlier dream would resume. The imaginary Frieza would taunt him, call him pathetic, say all the things that… That Vegeta thought himself whenever he dwelled on his problem for too long.

He wanted to finish peeing, he wanted Bulma to just go back to bed, he wanted her to forget all about this by morning.

The most infuriating thing of all was that he also sort of wanted Kakarot here. He had no idea how it was even possible, but Kakarot seemed to understand Vegeta’s problem really well. And he didn’t think it was just because Kakarot had experienced a glimpse of it when they’d been fused. Kakarot had ended up admitting that he’d spent ages studying Vegeta’s posture and mannerisms, all so he could discreetly convince other people to leave him alone when he needed to go. And he did it WITHOUT ever revealing the truth.

How was it that the man with absolutely no comprehension of the word ‘shame’ was also the person most capable of grasping Vegeta’s trouble? Vegeta had tried to understand things like Bulma’s worries about her face wrinkling, and he’d been incapable of comprehending why it upset her so much. Saiyans aged more slowly than humans, so that was something he couldn’t imagine being concerned about any time soon. Kakarot was somehow able to picture how others were feeling, even if HE didn’t feel the same way himself.

How unusual.

Vegeta thought the closest he’d ever gotten to that was when Trunks was four and badly skinned his knee. Vegeta had intended to yell at the boy to just get back up, that the blood of Saiyans ran through him, that such a small injury should have been meaningless! But, for some strange reason, when Trunks started to cry, Vegeta felt like he was the one that had been hurt.

“Vegeta,” Bulma said once more. “You are NOT giving me the silent treatment over THIS. We’re not playing this game. You are behaving like a—“

“Not discussing this,” Vegeta said. His bladder still hadn’t settled down, he’d had no idea how painful stopping mid-flow really was. It felt like some of his liquid was still trapped inside his shaft, unable to make it just that little bit further. “If you ever bring it up again—“

“You’re right. There’s nothing TO discuss. It’s done now, it’s over, you can move on.”

Vegeta was hit by a sharp rippling pang and needed to tense his thighs, legs fidgeting in a way that was absolutely humiliating. “Go back to sleep.”

“Might take a whi—“

“Now,” Vegeta interrupted. He needed to finish what he’d started, the throbs now actually managed to feel WORSE than the ones he’d been enduring before he’d let out anything at all!

Bulma raised her eyebrows, “That’s not something you can just ORDER someone to do, you can’t control it.”

Vegeta squeezed his eyes closed. He hated not being able to control something, and he could control the behavior of his bladder least of all. His urethral opening stung, liquid pushing against his sphincters with so much force that he—

He suddenly got up and hastily went to the bedroom door, about to fling it open. Maybe one of the other restrooms in the building didn’t have any people near it. He needed to get the remainder of his piss out NOW, he couldn’t risk leaking ever again, especially not with Bulma there.

Bulma had caught up to him though. “Vegeta, no!” She snapped. “This is complete nonsense, you’re gonna leave me for the night over—“

“I h—have to—“

“You don’t,” Bulma gripped his arm. He could VERY easily break free, but he felt so out of control at the moment that he didn’t trust himself not to accidentally toss her just trying to make her let go. Why did humans have to be so fragile? “Let’s just go to bed, and in the morning we’ll see if you’re ready to—“

“No, I need—“

“Listen to me, WHATEVER you’re worried about, I’m—“

“I didn’t get to finish,” Vegeta interrupted.

“… Huh?” Bulma asked, genuinely confused. “You didn’t finish what?”

“I didn’t… Finish… I didn’t…” Vegeta stammered, fumbling over his words. Pee still sloshed inside him, throbbing and aching to come out. He just… He couldn’t say it. Not in the way he’d been about to, anyway. He started over, closing his eyes firmly against the humiliation, and deliberately speaking as though his bladder were an entirely separate entity that didn’t actually have any relation to him. “You spoke, which made it stop working.”

“You’re not making any—“ Bulma paused, remembering how abruptly Vegeta’s stream had shut off. “Oh. You mean you still have to…” She trailed off. How in the world had he let out ALL that and still not been emptied? “Well, go finish then.”

Vegeta reached for the door again, but was stopped once more. “The toilet in here still works, you kn—“

Vegeta sighed heavily. He loved Bulma, but she could certainly be infuriating sometimes. “Did you manage to forget my… ‘thing’ during the last thirty seconds?”

“No, but now that I’ve heard it once, you SHOULD have realized it’s no big deal,” Bulma said. “I’m not… Judging you for peeing, or whatever it is you’re so afraid of.”

“Th—That’s— No— That isn’t— That’s not how it works!” With Bulma blocking the exit, Vegeta started to pace. The pressure inside him kept moving lower and lower, heat building at his tip. The rest of him felt icy cold. To have Bulma see him this way was an agony he hadn’t even known existed.

“It’s not like I’m following you in there—“

What WAS this feeling?! It was a lot like the annoying, stupid, twitchy thing he got in his chest sometimes, the thing he refused to name. But, NOW it wasn’t just in his chest, it was everywhere! And— And now his chest felt— Tight, like when he was in the gravity chamber and he needed time to adjust so that he didn’t feel like he was getting crushed. Except, this was just normal Earth gravity, where he usually felt so light. In spite of that, the squeezing was just getting worse, heavier, more constricting. Frieza had made him feel this way, nothing else was supposed to do it, THIS was not supposed to do it—

“Vegeta…?” Bulma sounded like she wanted a response, but he couldn’t get any words out past the cold clenching in his chest. Bulma was STARING at him now, and it was getting worse! How could it KEEP getting worse!? “Wait, are you actually…?“

What? Was he actually WHAT? She didn’t finish! The frigid ice working its way down to his bone marrow, he frantically looked down, the relief he felt when he saw that he HADN’T begun to void right there in front of her was only outmatched by the relief when she took his hands and started to squeeze them. Not painfully, but likely as hard as she could actually manage. Slowly, as he focused on that, the cold twitches and awful squeezing went away.

“Okay…” Bulma said when his breathing had gone back to normal. “I did… NOT expect that. I think I understand a little more now, though.”

Well. That made ONE of them, anyway. Vegeta had no clue what had just happened. That was only the second time in his life he’d felt THAT, and the first time had been when Frieza had confronted him on Namek— At least then it had been a little justifiable to freak out. As the dizziness cleared, his urge to pee became the most prominent thing on his mind again. He still had to get Bulma to let him—

“You know, I THOUGHT this was all just you being too proud to make yourself go around other people and working yourself up over it, but… It’s more than that, isn’t it? This gives you anxiety..."

“O—Of course not!” Vegeta said. “I don’t have such feelings, I don’t fear anything, I—“

“You JUST had a panic attack…” Bulma said. “Does that happen often?”

“No, it’s never happened,” Vegeta huffed, starting to shift between his feet. Couldn’t she do this when he didn’t have to go? “And that wasn’t a… What did you call it? A panic attack? Saiyans don’t have those. That’s something earthlings invented.”

Bulma looked him over again, noting his swaying and tension. An argument with Vegeta could last for ages, and this one had clearly gone on long enough for his bladder. She knew he would definitely keep fighting, refusing to cede, no matter how desperate he got. She knew there was no way she’d get him to say the words “Yes, you’re right. This must be anxiety that I’m feeling, and it made me have a panic attack” even if they kept this up for the rest of the night. She wanted to go back to sleep, Vegeta wanted to finish peeing (Even if it was causing him physical pain to admit that), it was time to stop.

“Alright, fine. You didn’t have a panic attack,” she sighed. “Do you want me to wait out in the hall?”

Vegeta didn’t speak, but managed to nod. He couldn’t believe he’d allowed Bulma to witness something so utterly pathetic. He’d give anything to go back in time and prevent himself from falling asleep before he’d urinated. All of this could have been avoided if he’d just stayed awake!

Once Bulma had left, he returned to the restroom. He gently locked the door again and stood in front of the toilet. His heart was still pounding oddly, and even now that he was finally alone and in the right spot, the twitchy feeling remained, his bladder wouldn’t unclench. He was just so overcome by the humiliation of the last half hour that he couldn’t relax. Groaning, he almost slapped his hand against the wall, before remembering how mad Bulma had been the LAST time he’d put a hole in one.

At least, it sounded like Bulma was TRYING to understand. Even if she was WAY off the mark. Vegeta NEVER felt ‘anxious’, the awful tingles that rushed through him when something… Bothered him were caused by something else. Something which didn’t deserve to be labelled as anything, because he shouldn’t have HAD those feelings at all. If he just kept them unnamed, if he kept pretending they didn’t exist, one day they’d go away. They’d realize he wanted no part of them, that they were beneath him, and they’d vanish.

He wished all the pee still locked in his bladder would vanish too. But, it wouldn’t. The feelings wouldn’t, either. The longer it took him to start urinating, the worse the feelings got. Heavier and heavier, and when he thought about what Bulma must have been thinking, they started to SQUEEZE him again.

Once more, he begrudgingly wished that Kakarot were there. Loathe as he was to admit it, Kakarot DID just know what to do in these situations. He shuddered, realizing that if this kept up, he might end up RELYING on Kakarot for something— Something that was both vital and VERY embarrassing.

To his shame, and in a last ditch effort to get something out, he tried to IMAGINE that Kakarot was there. Sometimes, when Kakarot stood near him so he could release, he’d… Say things. Stupid… Encouraging things that made Vegeta’s face HURT from how hard he blushed. Nonsense like“You can do it!” And “You’re way stronger than your bladder!” Utterly humiliating to listen to…

And the worst thing about it was that it WORKED. Hearing those things actually made it easier for him to go.

So now, he forced himself to pretend Kakarot was nearby, repeating those ridiculous statements that, for some maddening reason, helped Vegeta relieve himself. At last, his stream resumed, and this time he was able to get every remaining drop out. The relief was incredible, but he struggled to fully enjoy it. He could NEVER let Bulma witness that sort of thing again.

When he was finished, he was beginning to consider gathering the dragon balls and asking the dragon to wipe Bulma’s memory of everything that had transpired tonight.

The dragon… There was a thought…

Vegeta’s problem was the most shameful thing in his world, but if the problem was suddenly GONE…

He reluctantly went back to the bedroom door and mumbled that she could come back in now. The look on her face was irritatingly sympathetic, and when they laid back down in bed, he faced away from her again.

