Urologist embarrassing visit

Author: Somestuff1

*000*2023-11-05 05:50

Mary was a 38 year old woman who has had three kids. Her bladder has become stretched out and not as effective when it comes to holding in her urine. However the main issue was that she had gotten a poison Ivy rash in her genetically area. She got this rash because one day she was desperate while taking a morning walk in the woods abs decided to squat and pee outside but ended up peeing in a poisonous plant that has caused her redness and intense itchiness inside of her crotch. She decided to visit her gynecologist to take a look and help relieve her burning and itching sensation. She was brought into a room and asked to undress from the bottom down.

Her bare butt and crotch was exposed to the cold crinkly paper of the medical table. She was given a drape to cover her private parts until the doctor came in. The male urologist doctor came in and assessed her rash. Mary felt uncomfortable as she was not expecting a male doctor and felt embarrassed about the unfortunate location of her rash. He stated he would give her a cream medication but this was a special cream. This cream has an enzyme that can only be activated by binding to urine liquid particles. This means that for this medicine to be activated the most effective way was to apply the cream in the crotch area and then put a diaper on the patient so that when the patient urinates the urine will directly contact with the cream and the enzyme can be activated immediately.

When Mary heard the doctor explained this she was beyond embarrassed and was turning red. But her crotch was itching through out the whole appointment and it was more embarrassing that she was digging her hand into her crotch to relieve her itching the whole time the doctor was talking to her. So she complied to the treatment. To get started the doctor had her superset her legs in the stirrups. Then he slid a open diaper underneath her bottom and crotch area.

Next he applied a cold lubricant to the inside of her vagina in order to prevent irritation when it will make contact with the diaper to her labias. This cold gel sensation was extremely uncomfortable and Mary jumped when it was applied in her. However she was restrained and could not do much about her situation. Next the doctor applied the cream all over the external skin of her crotch and inside her ass crack. The cream had the consistency of thick Vaseline. It was very viscous and sticky and made the parts of her vagina and butt cheeks stick together in an uncomfortable way.

Finally the doctor fastened the diaper on Mary and let her bring her legs back together and sit up. Mary struggled to meet her thighs together because of the heavily padded diaper that was in between her legs. She was propped up almost like a baby at this point. Next the doctor gave her a diuretic pill to stimulate her need to urinate. After taking the pill the doctor left a nurse to watch over and ensure Mary urinated in her diaper and left the room.

20 minutes had passed and Mary begin feeling a strong pressure on her bladder. The whole 20 minutes she tried to itch herself but it was difficult as the diaper was so thick and the thick cream and lubricant in between her vagina and butt made it hard for her to make a decent itch. The burning sensation was building up, but she was too embarrassed to pee in this diaper in front of the nurse.

The nurse was growing frustrated as she had many more high priority patients that actually needed medical attention, and instead she was stuck monitoring a patients urinary status. To speed things along the nurse asked Mary to lie down to help her relax. Then Very quickly she restrained Mary again while she was off guard. She locked her legs in the stirrups, and strapped her hands extending outwards to the sides of her body. Mary was shocked and tried to get out but this only applied more pressure on her body and she did not continue.

The nurse said in a cold voice “ listen I am not leaving until you pee in this damn diaper, get over your ego and pee!” Mary did not meet her eye contact which only frustrated the nurse more. So the nurse took her hand and pressed on the swollen bulge that was on Mary’s abdomen. This pressure made Mary moan and close her eyes as she tried to keep herself from peeing. But she should not old her self and eventually let go. The warm pee flooded in between her legs to her butt and the diaper expanded and grew as she filled her diaper. The nurse watched in awe as she saw Mary relieve her self and realized how much pee she was holding.

The warm padded sensation on Mary quickly turned into a cold soggy feeling and she felt ashamed for enjoying the relief of emptying her bladder into a diaper as a 38 year old mother. She wondered what her husband and kids would have thought if they saw her like this. However the treatment worked, she stopped itching.

The end

