My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*018*2023-03-10 20:29

(This one is part of my series "Firsts".)

***

Adam fought to keep his gaze AWAY from the sign he could see on the other side of the store. It was too tempting to look at. If he even allowed himself to GLANCE at it too many times, he didn’t think he’d be able to stop himself from going towards it.

Instead, he squeezed his eyes closed for a minute, trying to exorcise all images of urinals, toilets and running sinks from his brain. He ESPECIALLY tried to forget the sight, sound and FEELING of releasing an urgent stream. He tried not to think about how much he wanted to release one right now. He tried not to think about how he may end up spilling one down his legs soon.

He was going to explode. He needed to pee so bad that he could barely breathe. He was shifting from side to side, only managing to shake up the waves of urine crashing inside him, but unable to stop.

And there was a restroom that was just a two minute walk from his current position. If he sprinted, hands buried between his legs, he could probably make it in one and finally let go.

But, he wouldn’t.

He wouldn’t leave Alex alone for this. He hadn’t expected this to be difficult for him, but it clearly WAS, and Alex definitely wouldn’t feel safe by himself.

So, Adam would hold it.

This shouldn’t take too long.

Alex squirmed uncomfortably. He was excited to get a nice, fancy suit for his wedding, but he hadn’t known what exactly that would entail. He had a suit for church, and his Mom had bought him that one. It mostly fit him, though the sleeves were kind of long for his arms. He wanted something a little more fancy for what was going to be the most important day of his life.

He hadn’t realized that getting a new suit that went over his body PERFECTLY would involve so much… Touching. Alex hadn’t even realized it until just this very moment, but he didn’t like anyone’s hands on him aside from Adam’s. The man measuring him wasn’t doing anything objectionable, but Alex still didn’t like how this felt.

It was really unsettling to have a stranger pay so much attention to his body, even in a professional setting like this. Alex kept feeling himself going tense, and then he’d be told to relax so that the measurements would be more accurate.

The first time he flinched was when the tape measure was stretched across his chest. He didn’t know if he’d ever stop feeling anxious when a stranger got too close to that area. He knew there was nothing there to BE worried about anymore. If somebody touched his chest, they wouldn’t feel any lumpiness, their expression wouldn’t change to one of distrust or anger. But, Alex still always FELT like it would. Like, they’d somehow be able to feel just his SCARS through his shirt and the result would be the same.

That wariness had actually gotten a bit worse after the day at the store where Papa had pulled his shirt off and said all of those horrid things to him, told him he was disgusting… Was that what EVERYONE would think if they saw his scars? When the tailor’s knuckles brushed up against his chest, Alex inhaled sharply and ducked backwards without meaning to.

“I need you to hold still,” the tailor reminded.

“S—Sorry,” Alex said.

“H—He’s never done anything like this before,” Adam said, swaying and checking his watch, probably anxious for someone to begin taking HIS measurements. “He’s a little anxious.”

Alex was more than a little anxious. He, for some reason, felt like he was naked. The amount of attention being placed onto him was setting him so on edge that his skin was tingling. He tried his best NOT to feel so stressed out, he knew this was what everyone did to make sure their clothes fit them perfectly. The tailor hadn’t said or done anything he shouldn’t have, he really was just doing his job.

But, Alex couldn’t get over the discomfort. He was completely out of his element. Growing up, he’d done everything he could to avoid attracting the attention of strangers. Papa said they were all outsiders, that they couldn’t be trusted, that they were dangerous. Papa said that children like Alex were meant to be seen, and never heard. Papa said that garnering too much notice would only lead to trouble.

Then, when he grew up and got AWAY from Papa, he STILL didn’t want to be noticed. He was so much happier, but all the things that had MADE him happier felt dangerous. Everything that had made him happier were things Papa had told him over and over would condemn him to Hell, and that Adam had explained could make some people needlessly angry. “It’s nothing you’re doing wrong,” Adam assured him always. “If anyone’s mean to you, they’re the ones choosing to do it. But, it might happen, and I want you to stay safe, so be careful around anyone you don’t know very well.”

And, Alex HAD been careful. He usually let Adam do all the talking for both of them, because Alex was sure his own voice was too light and obvious. Adam’s was deeper. He dressed in plain, dull colors that wouldn’t catch many people’s eyes. Part of the reason he continued to keep his hair long was so he could hide his face better.

Alex didn’t like being the focus of a stranger’s attention. Attention felt unsafe.

“You’re okay, Alex,” Adam encouraged.

The tailor started to measure Alex’s chest again. Alex tried to remember to breathe. After conditioning himself for so long that anyone accidentally brushing against his chest would inevitably lead to something horrible, it was SO hard to train himself out of those thoughts. He needed something else to focus on until this was over.

That was easy for him to do for a bit. He and Adam were getting married, after all. That had practically been the ONLY thing on Alex’s mind for a while! He wondered if spending time with him would start to feel different afterwards. Some things ALREADY felt different. Alex never had those anxious, nonsensical thoughts that he wasn’t ‘cool’ enough to be with Adam, and that he’d leave as soon as he found someone more exciting. Adam was always going to be there, he was fully committed. Alex’s concerns to the contrary really HAD been silly.

The ceremony was going to be so much fun, too. Adam’s family would be there, and some of Alex’s, too, and Camille. It would be the first really big party Alex had ever attended. They’d exchange their vows, and everyone would celebrate, and then afterwards Alex could use the restroom!

Uh…

Oh.

Before they’d come here to get fitted, they’d had lunch at a small restaurant. Alex had finished two big glasses of lemonade, and he’d been pretty focused on getting THIS done, so he hadn’t even THOUGHT about using the toilet first. Hadn’t even noticed that, actually, he needed to go pretty badly.

There was an acute, sharp pressure right at his opening, and he realized his thighs had been pushing together for quite some time now. Now that he’d actively ACKNOWLEDGED his bladder, it became the only thing he could think about! He wasn’t having an emergency yet, but his urge was deeply uncomfortable. His bladder was constantly throbbing with a tingling tension, and now the requirement that he ‘stay still’ felt more insurmountable than ever.

Was it okay to ask for a break? Alex had already kind of given the tailor a hard time with all his fidgeting. He probably had other appointments to get to. He probably didn’t have TIME for Alex to pee in the middle of this. Alex wouldn’t ask— He didn’t even need to go THAT badly. It was just his inability to squirm that was making it feel so pressing.

Alex didn’t get anxious while his shoulders were being measured, just focused as much as he could on not bouncing. His body REALLY wanted him to move around a bit, like he could somehow shift the contents of his expanding bladder so it wasn’t all resting right at the exit, pushing forcefully into it. All he could do was squeeze his thighs, though.

Was it okay to just tell the tailor to hurry? That would be rude, wouldn’t it? Alex wished he could ask Adam what to do… It would be too embarrassing to blurt out that he had to pee, though. Instead, Alex focused on Adam and tried widening his eyes, an attempt to convey that there was something he needed.

Adam smiled back at him, “You’re doing good, Alex,” he said. “Just stay still.” He was leaning against the wall now, one leg crossed casually over the other. “They should be almost done.”

Alex hoped that was true, his middle was starting to really ache… Except, then the tailor knelt down and was wrapping the tape-measure around Alex’s waist, hands coming really close to his prosthetic. Alex tensed again, accidentally jolting the walls of his bladder and making them buzz with a much more anxious fervor.

Adam had told him before that, if someone ever accidentally touched him there and felt the prosthetic, it would be fine. Unless that person was REALLY feeling him up— In which case, Adam was liable to forget the meaning of pacifism for a moment— then it would feel realistic enough. The prosthetic was just a bit firmer than a cis guy’s penis, so in the worst case scenario it would just feel like Alex was hard.

Alex didn’t want the tailor to think he’d gotten hard, OR that his penis was a prosthetic… He wriggled, anxious that even the slightest knuckle graze would be too much. That small movement made Alex’s urethra stop stinging for a second, bringing a little taste of relief to his bladder, and tempting him to fidget around even MORE, just until his body had calmed down a bit.

“Stay still,” the tailor repeated, stopping Alex’s train of thought.

But, now that he’d BEGUN to squirm, the desire to continue was intense. His bladder fizzed and boiled within him, thighs clenching until he felt them beginning to cramp. ‘Oh, please hurry,’ he thought. ‘It’s starting to get bad!’

Alex did his best not to move around anymore. He knew it would take so much longer if he squirmed and messed up the measurements. But, now the tailor was pulling the tape measure kind of TIGHT around Alex’s midsection, right over his bladder, squishing it just slightly, just enough to make Alex’s opening burn and prompt a needy whine from the back of his throat.

“Hm?” The tailor asked.

“N—Nothing,” Alex said. “Almost done?”

“Nearly,” the man informed him. “Just need your legs.”

Of course, the parts of his body he MOST wanted to start moving were now the ones he needed to keep perfectly still. He nearly asked the man to hurry then, but held it back along with the ripples of pee that were beginning to DEMAND release. The only thing keeping him from panicking at that point was the knowledge that a bathroom was SO close. The second this was finished, he could go. He didn’t need to worry about this becoming too critical.

Adam continued to watch as Alex was measured. He’d stopped flinching, but he still didn’t look comfortable. Adam supposed that was understandable, Alex was shy, this guy was a complete stranger. That was why Adam had to STAY here, even though he felt like he was going to burst, and he could NOT stop looking at the restroom door. He’d begun to fantasize— Actually FANTASIZE— about going through it, unloading his poor bladder into whatever receptacle was closest to the door. If he didn’t just explode and pee all over himself the instant he saw a urinal.

‘Pleeeaaase, hurry uuuup!’ Adam thought, crossing his legs back and forth. ‘Alex— Alex, tell him to hurry! Can’t you see I’m about to soak the floor?’

Alex HAD been glancing over at him with concerned, worried glances. Adam wasn’t sure if that was because he could TELL Adam was dealing with what must have been gallons of piss trying to fit itself into a sixteen ounce container, or just his OWN continued discomfort.

Adam occasionally held himself when the tailor wasn’t looking. Really, he wanted to keep his hands GLUED there, not budging them until he was finally at a toilet. Squeezing his thighs together, he was hit by an intense, sudden spasm. It came on so strongly, and with so little warning, that he felt a dribble of his ocean escape its overflowing prison. “Al—Almost d—“

Before he could finish asking, a woman approached from behind him. When she spoke, it startled him so much that he experienced his SECOND leak of the day. This one lasted a couple seconds, just long enough to feel sort of good. Really, if he weren’t in public, he might have considered just giving up right then and letting the rest out. Just that tiny reprieve was a relief, and he was dying for more.

“Adam Murphy…?” The woman asked.

“Y—Yes,” Adam said.

“I’ll be taking your measurements today,” she told him. “Please, stand over here.”

No. It wasn’t time for his appointment yet, was it? Alex wasn’t even done! Adam checked his watch, confirmed that it WAS time, but… But, he couldn’t! Not now! If he tried to stand still, he’d pop, he’d piss a violent, vicious stream all down his legs, all over that woman’s hands, all over the floor…

He still didn’t want to leave Alex by himself, but it LOOKED like he was almost done, and Adam… Adam couldn’t hold it any longer! “C—Can you wait a minute, I am dying to—“

“No,” the woman interrupted. “I’m sorry, we have a packed schedule today.”

‘Do you WANT me to piss everywhere?’ Adam thought. ‘Because, that’s what’s gonna happen if I’m not at a urinal in two minutes.’ Out loud, he said; “That’s alright…” And went to the woman’s side.

Alex’s tailor had finished with his legs, and was now having him walk back and forth a little bit. Apparently, he needed an idea of how Alex usually moved. This, Alex thought, was actually the trickiest part. He never put any consideration into how he walked, so suddenly THINKING about it made it really awkward. Focusing on a task that was usually automatic made it difficult to know for sure if he even WAS walking the way he typically did.

He was pretty sure that he WASN’T, though. He wasn’t walking how he would normally. He was walking how he would if he was starting to get desperate for the toilet, because he WAS. Since he wasn’t planning to spend his wedding day anxiously waiting for a bathroom break, he didn’t think his current pace was going to be of much use.

His legs kept wanting to rub together, and it took effort not to let them. His steps were small and careful. His bladder throbbed more with each one, and he knew he was leaning strangely in an attempt to soothe it.

Finally, the tailor let him stop walking and said he had everything he needed. Now Alex just had to get what HE needed… “Th—Thank you,” he said, feeling his aching holding muscles ALREADY starting to loosen up. He started for the restroom, but then he heard—

“Adam, you’re going to need to stay still for me here…”

“S—Sorry…”

Alex turned, watching as Adam fidgeted in place while a woman attempted to measure his chest. Was Adam nervous about this, too? Alex had felt way better having Adam there with him, and… Sure, he REALLY needed the toilet soon, but he wasn’t in any danger of an accident if he stuck around a little longer. He was only in danger of… Really, serious discomfort, and that wasn’t so bad.

“It’s okay, Adam,” Alex said.

“R—Right,” Adam nodded, shutting his eyes tightly. He remained still for a moment, but then he shifted his legs again. “Sorry!” His back went straight and he pushed his feet together, hands at his sides, rubbing against his pant-legs, like he always did when he had to pee really bad.

Oh.

Well. Now Alex DEFINITELY couldn’t go! That wouldn’t be fair! Adam was having such a difficult time staying still, obviously HE needed to use the restroom even worse than Alex did. Alex would hold it until Adam was able to pee.

“I—I’m really sorry,” Adam said again. “I’m trying.” Staying still was just… It was impossible. His heart was fluttering with panic, every time he stopped moving, he seriously felt like he was going to just… Pee. Like, there wasn’t a thing he could do to stop it. He felt SO close to a full-on accident that he was getting scared.

In the past, when he’d wet himself, he’d been mostly alright with it. He’d accepted that it HAD to happen. He’d understood that his body could only fit so much liquid into it before it had no choice but to pump it all out so that he didn’t explode into billions of tiny pieces. It was embarrassing, but he didn’t MIND it that much. It wasn’t devastating to have an accident at home, or in the car, or just in front of his friends.

But, here he was, a stranger really close to him, liable to get wet if he spilled over. He was in a pretty upscale clothing store, the sort of place he’d seldom ever been before. The floor beneath him was covered in a fancy, expensive looking plush carpet. The carpet was white and would stain forever if ANYTHING dripped on it.

Having an accident here WOULD be devastating. His and Alex’s wedding budget didn’t include ‘carpet replacements after Adam fails to hold his pee.’

He NEEDED to keep it in, and he just couldn’t figure out how the Hell to DO that without jiggling and crossing his legs and doubling over in complete agony.

He started to bounce again as she measured his shoulders. “Adam…”

“I—I’m sorry,” Adam repeated. “I— Look, I gotta be honest, I need to use the bathroom SO bad. Can we just pause for a minute?”

Alex blushed. He knew Adam wasn’t typically shy about his bladder, but… Alex could NEVER say that to a stranger, especially not in the middle of a fancy store! He WAS grateful that Adam had spoken up though. His own need was becoming more prominent by the second, and he’d started to shift back and forth between his feet— He swore he could HEAR the liquid sloshing inside him.

“Sorry,” the woman said. “Like I told you, our schedule is packed…”

Adam did a few more cringing bounces as he tried to get a handle on his situation. He wanted to argue that she’d probably be finished with him a lot FASTER if he was able to be measured with an empty bladder. He knew he could hold PERFECTLY still if he didn’t have a freaking water-cooler trying to claw its way out of him. “O—Okay, but can you hurry? I’m not kidding, this is an emergency.”

“You need to hold still,” she repeated. “That’s the only way I can rush this.”

Adam gritted his teeth and tensed everything he had, his legs pressed together and squeezed, and he needed to move, he needed to jump up and down and clutch himself and curl over. He needed to become the picture of a person whom was minutes away from drenching themselves with buckets of liquid. He needed to pee, fuck, he needed to pee so bad…

She finished with his shoulders, then moved on to his waist. Adam wondered if she’d even get an accurate measurement there. His bladder may have been so full that it was stretching him out a little. Not enough to really notice, but enough to throw off the measurement. Maybe his pants would end up being a tiny bit loose. ‘Hey, if you end up needing to piss this bad at your wedding, you’ll be thankful…’

He wouldn’t let THAT happen, of course. He’d make sure to pee before it started, the memory of THIS torment would be too fresh in his mind for him to forget. He and Alex had picked a venue, and now Adam wasn’t sure if they’d gotten the right place. He hadn’t even thought to check how many toilets would be there, how easy they were to get to, or anything like that. What if they got there and there was only one, and, like, they had to run through some kind of obstacle course to even use it?

Adam knew he was probably starting to lose it, his brain becoming as waterlogged as the rest of him. He needed something else to think about. Something he couldn’t possibly tie back to peeing. Like—

AHHHH!

The tailor had just SQUEEZED the tape measure around Adam’s middle, basically cutting into his bladder, slicing it WIDE open, and—- Ohhhh, he was gonna pee his pants, he was gonna pee— He doubled over, grabbed himself, and stamped his feet frantically, breathing heavily as he struggled to keep a very persistent leak at bay. If he let go of a drop, it was going to be all over. One drop, and it would feel too good for him to help himself. He’d just give in, let it all come rushing out, consequences be damned.

“Adam,” the tailor said. “Come on, I still need to do your legs.”

“H—Hurry—“ Adam begged, wishing she’d at least show him some kind of sympathy. She should have been thanking him for not gushing all over the carpet yet.

“Stand up a bit straighter,” she prompted.

Adam obeyed, and again he felt like his bladder was being torn open, taut skin stretching out in a way that was just agonizing. ‘Think about something else,’ he begged himself. He tried to think about kissing Alex on their wedding day, but then he imagined being allowed to use the toilet right afterwards.

“I need you to uncross your legs.”

Adam did, painfully. His hands remained wedged between them. They were the only things preventing the inevitable at that point.

Alex watched as Adam struggled so fretfully against his body’s need. Poor thing… Just WATCHING Adam strain and coil and brutally straighten himself out again was making Alex need to go even worse. His own legs had begun to cross back and forth, and he was trying to stop them. It wasn’t fair for him to writhe and squirm and jiggle when Adam was being forced to stay still in the face of such immense pressure.

The tailor was measuring Adam’s legs now, so Alex knew they were almost finished. Adam was staring up at the ceiling now, sweat glistening on his forehead. The corners of his eyes looked glassy, like he was about to cry just from the pain his tormented bladder was flooding him with.

Alex wished there was something he could DO about it. Adam would be finished here in just a couple minutes, but Alex wasn’t even sure if he had a couple SECONDS left to spare before his bladder erupted.

Alex caught himself starting to fidget his legs again and forced them apart from one another. His middle pulsed, the throbs of need were constant now. He was dangerously close to this becoming an emergency, but it was still NOTHING like what Adam was still dealing with.

“Okay, now walk back and forth a few times,” the woman told Adam.

“A—Alright,” Adam said, grateful to finally be granted permission to MOVE. Except, it wasn’t easy to walk. Moving his legs too far apart made him drip, and when those drips didn’t bring him even the barest hint of relief, the desire to let out MORE was strong. He kept bending forwards at the waist, as though scrambling to pick something up off the floor. He also needed to make frequent pauses to squeeze his thighs together and just… Rock back and forth for a couple seconds.   “Try to walk as you usually do,” the woman said.

“If I do that, then I’m going to have an accident,” Adam said. There was no uncertainty in his voice, and he tried to keep any embarrassment he felt out of it as well.

“You need to try,” she told him.

Adam DID try, he managed a few, more ‘casual’ steps, and then he felt a trickle rolling down his leg and—- Ahh, he just wanted to let the rest go, too! He snapped his legs together and crossed them, bouncing. “Th—That’s all I can do, I’m sorry. I really— I wouldn’t say this if I wasn’t serious, I am literally about to wet my pants.”

“… Well, we got all your measurements, at least,” the tailor said finally. “I guess that’s enough.” She picked up a clipboard, which had both Adam and Alex’s information written onto it. “I see you already picked out the suits you wanted, so we don’t need to do that tod—“

“Can I go?” Adam asked, hands flying back between his wriggling thighs. He wanted to ask her if she just had a vendetta against the carpet or something.

She kept reading, “Huh…” She remarked.

“What?!” Adam asked. If she said one of his measurements looked ‘off’ and they needed to try again… There was a decorative vase a few feet away. It could be cleaned a lot easier than the carpet…

“Alex, your waist is narrower than your hips,” she said. “Don’t see that on guys very often, you’re really skinny!”

… Dammit… WHY?

Adam tried to breathe deeply, but his bladder wouldn’t allow him to. He knew the woman hadn’t meant to, but she’d literally zeroed in on Alex’s BIGGEST insecurity. If someone’s goal was to make Alex feel like shit, then THAT was the easiest way to do it by far.

Alex did NOT like his hips. They bothered him immensely. They made him EXTREMELY uncomfortable. And, in HIS eyes, they appeared wider and rounder than they were in reality. He sometimes just FIXATED on them, and the feelings they caused.

Adam hoped this didn’t make him do that again. It hurt him badly to see Alex uncomfortable with himself.

He sure didn’t look comfortable now…

Alex froze, “Uh—Um… I guess I am skinny…” he said. “Adam, I— I have to go to the restroom real bad, too, hurry please?”

Adam didn’t need to be told twice. He… Actually hoped Alex really WAS desperate, and that was why he wanted to rush off. Alex was just dying to pee, and of course he wanted to help Adam make it before HE pissed his pants, that was why he was in such a hurry. It wasn’t because he was upset and hurt and didn’t want to be in public anymore. It wasn’t that.

They made it to the restroom, Alex opened the door, since Adam was still gripping himself with both hands. Adam wanted to say something to Alex, anything to make him forget about what had just happened. His stupid bladder wasn’t allowing him a moment’s pause, however. If he took a second to reassure Alex, he’d explode. He could see the fucking urinals now, he was leaking copiously into his pants, he was completely out of time.

He stumbled up to the closest urinal and opened his already damp pants. He could feel slick, warm wetness as he positioned his prosthetic and finally aimed. He was pretty much already pissing, so his stream just picked up speed slightly when he acknowledged that he was finally in the right spot. It felt… It felt like bliss, honestly. The simple fact that he didn’t have to STRAIN anything anymore was such a massive relief that he felt dizzy. The sensation of his poor bladder deflating was even better.

But, he was too worried about Alex to lose himself too completely to the pleasure of release.

He heard Alex walking behind him, and expected him to come stand beside him. But, instead, Alex headed into a stall. Adam hoped he just wanted some extra privacy to pee in— These urinals didn’t have dividers, and he knew Alex hated that.

He hoped Alex wasn’t just trying to hide…

Alex locked the stall door behind himself. He tried not to think about what the tailor had said. He knew she hadn’t done it to make him feel bad. She had no way of knowing it was a sensitive subject. He just… Didn’t like his hips. They made him feel bad, and… Papa had always… When Alex lived with him, Papa sometimes called them ‘child-bearing hips’, whenever he was talking to Alex about his future.

His future, where he was supposed to… He was supposed to get pregnant as many times as he could, have as many babies as possible. He… He liked the ‘babies’ part, he thought maybe he and Adam would adopt a child someday. But… Any time he imagined himself pregnant… He felt so sick, and scared. He felt a deep, visceral panic all the way down to his bones. It was the most terrifying thing he could think of. Nothing horrified him more. Sometimes, when something happened to remind him his body could DO that, he’d have trouble breathing and his vision would go really dark.

And, Papa never let him forget that his future was going to consist of nothing BUT that. And, when he got older and his body changed and he started to feel so icky all the time, Papa made sure he KNEW what his hips were good for.

Now, he was reminded of all of that all over again, and it made him feel like he needed to squirm out of his own body.

Alex could hear Adam flooding the urinal, and it made him need to go worse. He was right at the toilet, finally. He was sure he’d stop feeling so bad and gross after he used it. If he got rid of ONE of the things currently adding to his discomfort, he’d be okay. He could rid himself of his full bladder a lot easier than he could turn his hips into a shape he found more tolerable.

He unzipped and aimed, his bladder cramping more at the sight of the toilet. His toes curled inside his shoes and he shifted restlessly between his feet. Did everybody notice his hips when they looked at him? Did they think he looked weird because of them?

He tried to ignore those thoughts, particularly when he realized that they were distracting him from peeing. The idea refused to leave him alone, however. He tried to push down on his holding muscles to get his stream started, but it didn’t work. He just kept staring down at himself, his hips appearing wider and more shapely to him than they usually did.

“Nnnh,” Alex whined quietly. He really needed to go… He hated it when his brain got too busy and kept him from peeing! It was always so frightening! He had to empty his bladder so badly, it shouldn’t have taken him any effort to let it go!

But, it WAS taking effort. He was just standing there, straining, unable to get out a drop. He understood his current ‘stage-fright’ situation a little better than he had understood similar experiences in the past; Since something had caused him to feel uncomfortable here, his body didn’t want to accept that this was a safe place to relax and make himself vulnerable while he relieved himself.

Alex did his best to focus on the sound of Adam still peeing away. Poor Adam, no wonder he’d been flailing around so much, he was letting go of a typhoon now, and it was super loud to Alex’s ears. His own bladder flipped within him, desperate to join in. Yet, no matter how strong the pressure against his opening got, nothing would come out.

Frustrated, Alex pushed his pants down the rest of the way and sat on the toilet, deciding to see if he’d have better luck if he changed position. There WAS an immediate change, feeling the cold material of the toilet seat against his skin was an even harsher tease on his bladder than simply looking at the bowl was. Still, he couldn’t convince himself to actually GO.

He just sat there, feeling horridly bloated and full, squirming with desperation even though he was seated on a toilet and wanted nothing more than to start peeing. He squeezed his eyes closed and tried to pretend he was at home, but that didn’t help either.

He heard Adam’s stream finally beginning to slow down, and a heavy sigh falling from his fiancé’s lips. Adam was almost done, and Alex hadn’t even gotten started! Alex pushed harder, wriggling where he sat, begging his bladder to please just empty. But, it wouldn’t. And he was getting REALLY uncomfortable with having his pants down, his hips on full display when he looked down.

Alex listened to the urinal being flushed, and just gave up. Clearly, he wasn’t going to be able to pee here, no matter how much he wanted to. He stood, pulled up his pants and zipped them, trying to ignore the throbs that continued to pulsate beneath his fly. When he opened the stall door and saw Adam, he tried to straighten up.

Adam thought he’d just peed… Alex knew better than to think Adam would be UPSET with him if he admitted he hadn’t, but… Alex had been in that stall for a while, the fact that he hadn’t gotten anything out in all that time was really embarrassing. And, since the issue was simply that a single, innocuous comment had rattled him too badly to unclench, that only added to the shame. He SHOULD have been able to pee, admitting that he was STILL holding on would be humiliating.

Besides, they weren’t that far from their apartment, and if Alex couldn’t pee when he was TRYING to, he doubted he’d be able to have an accident during the drive back. He’d be fine, he’d just have to keep feeling uncomfortable for a bit longer than he’d anticipated.

“Phew…” Adam exhaled. “Seriously almost pissed on the floor. This store ought to give us a discount to thank me for not doing that.”

“F—Feel better?” Alex asked, doing his best not to feel jealous. He really wanted to leave the bathroom now. Since it was useless to him, continuing to stand around inside it was just cruel to his bladder. He bounced on his toes a couple times, before he managed to stop. He had to pretend that he was empty. Maybe if he pretended hard enough, he’d even convince himself, and the heavy pressure weighing him down would lift a little.

“Way better,” Adam said, going to the sinks.

Great… Alex was going to have to deal with this, too. He cringed when he heard one of the faucets turn on, the rush of water forcing him to rub his legs together. He knew he had to wash his hands as well, he was going to have to put his hands underneath that spray, feel it trickling against his skin…

When he put his hands beneath the faucet, there was an abrupt and massive spike in his urgency. His thighs squeezed together and he brought himself up on the tips of his toes, trying to keep his face from twisting in agony. He knew Adam would just ask what was wrong, he knew Adam would only want to help him, but… Alex SHOULDN’T still be holding it! He should have peed, it was embarrassing that he hadn’t! Adam never had problems like that…

He took his hands back out and rubbed them against his pants anxiously. He wanted to go home… He was sure he’d be able to pee as soon as he was there! Adam didn’t need to know that this had happened.

Minutes later, they were in the car and about to head home. Alex struggled against the urge to squirm in his seat. Now that the seat-belt was on, wrapped around his bladder and providing it a painfully tight cradle, it was tricky not to cross his legs.

Adam held his hand for a moment, “Sweet thing, are you okay?” He asked.

Could Adam tell he was still full? Alex blushed, “Um—“

“That thing she said earlier… Lots of guys DO have wider hips, it’s not bad. I like how every part of your body looks.”

Alex blushed more. “I don’t like them… They make me think about… Stuff…”

Adam squeezed his hand tighter for a second before beginning to drive. “Can you tell me what they make you think about?”

Alex’s bladder lurched with an awful spasm when the car started to move. His ankles rubbed together the instant they went over a speed-bump, liquid sloshing painfully. “Papa used to remind me how my hips are for giving birth, and that was good since I’m supposed to have lots of babies. And… I mean, I LIKE babies, I hope we can adopt one whenever we’re ready for it, but… When I think about being… pregnant, I feel… It scares me really bad…”

Adam reached to rub Alex’s hand again, feeling that it was pretty clammy. “Okay, first I want you to know that your Dad should NEVER had said those things, and it’s normal that listening to that made you uncomfortable. Like, even if you actually WERE a girl, your Dad shouldn’t talk about your body that way and tell you what to do with it. Did he do that to your sisters?”

“Yeah,” Alex nodded, shifting in his seat slightly. He couldn’t find any position that kept the seat-belt away from his throbbing abdomen. “Patience was close to my age, so she got it a lot. Sometimes the little ones did too.”

“Gotta be honest, that’s kinda creepy,” Adam said. “You’re right to feel uncomfortable about it. And it’s also okay that the idea of pregnancy scares you. But, try not to worry TOO much about it. You’ve been on T for a long time, so it’s unlikely to happen— And, I mean, it’s IMPOSSIBLE for it to happen with me no matter WHAT we do together, so—“

“I— I know, it’s irrational,” Alex said. The car went over another bump, and Alex jostled his knee up and down for several seconds. The only reason he stopped was because he was worried he was making it too obvious. “But, I get so scared every time I think about it.”

“That’s alright,” Adam said. “Sounds like this might be a phobia you have— I think I’ve read that phobias can make you think a little less rationally. I’m sorry that looking at part of your body makes you think about scary things. But… That’s not what your hips are FOR, they’re yours, so they’re for whatever YOU want to do with them.”

Alex shuffled his feet. “Okay…” he said.

He still didn’t sound that comfortable, so Adam added; “How about… I could teach you to dance? Maybe that can help change what you think about when you look at your hips? I dunno…” It at least SOUNDED plausible in his head. If Alex was able to associate that area of his body with something else, he SHOULD be able to feel a little better about it.

Alex shrugged. He hadn’t been allowed to dance when he lived with Papa. And he was pointedly trying NOT to dance right now… “I guess that could be fun.”

“Okay, awesome,” Adam smiled. “We’re gonna dance at our wedding anyways, right?”

“Y—Yeah!” Alex said, smiling more now. He glanced out the window, dismayed to see that they still had a bit longer to go before they reached home. He was fidgeting more in his seat now, insides throbbing with the need to release some pressure. Oh, he wished he’d been able to pee while he’d been in that stall! He wished he’d at least managed to get some of it out…

His need was creeping upwards in intensity at an alarming pace. The seatbelt was constricting his bladder to such a degree that he felt like his middle was being cut into. He was trying his best to stay still, gripping the sides of his seat so that his hands didn’t go to his crotch, tensing his legs so they wouldn’t bounce… But, he kept needing to adjust his position, searching for one that didn’t make him feel like he was going to explode.

Adam noticed all of Alex’s restless movement. He thought it looked like he needed to take a leak, but he’d JUST gone a few minutes ago, hadn’t he? It must have been something else… “You’re gonna look really good in your suit,” Adam told him, hoping that would assuage any of Alex’s lingering unease. “I might have some trouble keeping my hands off you during the ceremony…”

“Heh…” Alex cracked a smile, but he was far too distracted by his bladder to do much more. “You’ll look good too,” he said, continuing to stare out the window, trying to count the number of turns left to make before they’d finally be home and he’d at last be able to unload his bladder. They’d be on the highway soon, and then it wouldn’t be much further. Ten more minutes, at most. Alex could handle ten more minutes of this, even if he had to ignore all his urges to begin squirming.

They turned onto the highway, and were immediately met with miles of frozen traffic. Alex’s bladder cramped painfully at the sight, and the realization that he was likely an HOUR away from home, from the relief he needed so much… “Nnnh…” Alex mewled softly without intending to, tapping a foot sharply.

Adam turned, “Hm?” He asked. “What’s the matter, sweet thing?”

Alex shook his head, “N—Nothing…” he said softly. Adam thought he’d JUST peed, it hadn’t been long enough for him to need it again yet! He, again, tried to pretend to himself that he really HAD used the toilet before getting in the car. He hadn’t gotten any stage-fright, everything had poured out exactly like it was supposed to. So, that meant his bladder was still mostly empty. He didn’t need to pee hardly at all.

All the pretending in the world could not erase what was true, though. He was desperate to go, so desperate that his throat was constricting and panicked sweat was trickling down his neck. Trapped in the car, not moving at all, with nowhere to let it out, was making his heart pound. He shook a little from head to toe, and tucked his hands beneath his thighs, rocking side to side in his seat.

Adam noticed Alex fidgeting, heard his breathing start to accelerate. “Are you sure you’re alri—“

“When will we get home?!” Alex blurted. “I want— I wanna be at home soon…”

Adam looked him over. He was SERIOUSLY acting like he needed to go to the bathroom, but that couldn’t have been it. At most, it had been thirty minutes since Alex had last used the toilet. He hadn’t been drinking any more copiously than usual today. It must have been something else causing him distress. He was still upset after earlier…

Adam took his hand and squeezed it. “I’m sorry, with the roads all backed up it might be about an hour.”

“An hour?” Alex whimpered. He’d assumed as much, but it was horrifying to hear that be confirmed. He couldn’t— He could NOT wait for another hour! He’d already waited long enough!

“Is that okay?” Adam asked. “I’m really sorry, there isn’t another way home. Just hold my hand, try to feel better.”

Alex gripped Adam’s hand tighter, searching for the emotional relief the action usually brought him. Nothing could make Alex feel relieved now, though. Not even clinging to Adam.

“It’s okay…” Adam said gently. “We’ll be home soon, and I’ll just hold you for a while until you feel—“

“I—“ Alex interrupted, a sharp pang stabbing his opening just before a tiny spurt of warmth spilled out between his thighs. He tensed up and stamped his feet. He couldn’t do this anymore, he had to at least be free to squirm, or else he was going to have an accident all over his seat. “Adam, I… I really, really have to go…”

Adam stroked Alex’s hand tenderly. Even after hearing those words, he had a difficult time believing Alex could actually be desperate again already. “Go where?”

“T—To the bathroom,” Alex said, his bladder thrashing at the admission and forcing him to cross his legs. The hand not clasping Adam’s went between his legs and he rocked himself against it. “Adam, I— I need the bathroom now…”

Adam squeezed his hand harder. “I—It’s okay,” he said. “Just one hour. You can—“

“I can’t!” Alex interrupted. “I can’t wait another hour, I— I’ve been waiting too long!”

Adam, again, tried to calm him down. “It’s okay,” he repeated. “It hasn’t been that long. You went before we—“

“I didn’t!” Alex moaned, shuffling his feet against the floor, his bladder throbbing with nonstop pulses, each one feeling more and more like it was going to end in a leak. “I couldn’t go then, and I already had to go bad, and now I can’t wait. I’m gonna wet myself!”

Panic gripped Adam too then. “You didn’t go earlier?”

Alex shook his head, feeling another burst of liquid warming up his boxers. It was coming out… He had to fight even harder to restrain this leak, doubling forwards and clutching himself tightly. “I couldn’t! I tried, and it just wouldn’t come out. I thought I could make it home, but I can’t!”

“… Oh,” Adam said guiltily. He’d… He’d been so focused on emptying his own bladder, that he hadn’t paid much attention to what Alex was doing in the stall. He hadn’t noticed that no trickling sounds had ever emerged from within it. He’d just assumed Alex had emptied. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize—“

“N—Not your fault,” Alex said. “I’m the one that couldn’t go…”

“And that’s not YOUR fault,” Adam said. “That just happens sometimes, it’s oka—“

“I—It’s not,” Alex insisted tearfully, bouncing up and down. All the jiggling was just sloshing his bladder and irritating its sensitive walls even more, but he couldn’t stop moving around now that he’d started. “I’m gonna pee myself…”

“Y—You won’t!” Adam tried to reassure him, but it really DID look like Alex was on the verge of doing exactly that. It made Adam’s heart clench to watch him in so much discomfort. When he spotted tears forming in the corners of Alex’s eyes, Adam panicked and tried to think of a solution. Alex would start to sob for real if he had an accident… Adam couldn’t stand seeing him cry.

They were just barely crawling down the road, and Adam couldn’t spot any exits close to their current position. No sign indicating a gas station that could save Alex just in time. He moved to open the glove box. It was tricky for either one of them to fill a bottle while sitting down, but he’d helped Alex do it before, they could do that again.

But, there weren’t any bottles, and Adam knew EXACTLY what Alex would say if he suggested he just climb out of the car and release his flood on the side of the road. Alex would never be able to do that in broad daylight, everyone being able to watch him from their cars. He’d probably be so scared about getting in trouble for it that he wouldn’t even be ABLE to pee, no matter how close to exploding his bladder he may have been.

Adam remembered a story his Dad had told him once. He’d gotten desperate during a huge traffic jam before too, and eventually he’d gotten out of the car and opened the hood, pretending to look for a problem while really just using it as a shield to discreetly relieve himself onto the pavement.

Would Alex be okay with THAT? No one would be able to tell what he was doing if he stood really close to the front of the car… “Sweet thing, um… I don’t think the traffic will get better for a while, and… There aren’t any bottles, and—“

“I can’t wait,” Alex moaned, contorting in all directions. “I’m gonna wet the seat— Please don’t be mad at me!”

“Shhh, it’s okay,” Adam told him. “I won’t be mad at you, but you aren’t gonna wet the seat, I promise.”

“But— But there’s nowhere else to go— I— I feel sick, Adam,” Alex said. “It really hurts.” His face had gone very pale, his cheeks and forehead dampening with sweat.

“Just… Get out of the car, go to the front and lift up the hood. Act like there’s something wrong with the car, and then you’ll have enough cover to—“

“S—Someone will notice!” Alex protested, shifting his legs restlessly. “I don’t want to get in trouble!”

“You won’t, it will be okay,” Adam reassured. “I promise.”

Alex shook his head, and he looked so frightened that Adam dropped the subject.

“Just— If you have to, that’s an option,” Adam said. “Hopefully we’ll see a gas station soon.”

Alex nodded, moving constantly where he sat. His hair was starting to go slick from his copious sweating. He looked so pained that Adam WANTED to keep pushing him to just get out and piss in front of the car.

Alex was too terrified of being caught and punished for it, though. There was a chance he’d freeze up again, and STILL not manage to drain his bladder.

Adam kept glancing around the car— There had to be SOMETHING useful. If not a bottle, then… Something, anything! He wanted to get Alex some relief as badly as Alex himself wanted it! Finally, he turned around in his seat and spotted a few towels left in the back from when they’d visited a pool with Camille.

There were four towels, if they were layered, they’d hold a lot, especially if Alex didn’t let it all out in the same spot. Adam reached and grabbed them, tugging them to the front. “O—Okay, how about… Uh, just… stand up for a second and pull down your pants.”

Alex looked up from the huddled, trembling ball of desperate knots he’d tied himself into. “H—Huh?”

“Move your pants out of the way, and then you can sit on these towels, so if you… If you can’t make it, you won’t wet your clothes or stain the seat or anything.”

“But, the towels—“

“We can wash them, it will be fine,” Adam said. “It’s okay. I’d rather have stained towels than see you in pain.”

“O—Okay,” Alex said. He hurried to unbuckle his seatbelt, and after a few moments of fumbling with his shaking hands, managed to unlatch it. The sudden release of the belt from around his aching bladder felt really good, but the loss of pressure reminded him so much of the feeling of actually PEEING that it made him moan.

He pushed his clothing down around his ankles as Adam spread the towels out on his seat, one atop the other. When Alex lowered himself onto them, naked from the waist down, he squirmed with discomfort. It felt weird to be so exposed in the car, even if he knew no one but Adam could see.

“There…” Adam said. “Now, if you start to pee, pay attention to how wet the towels are getting, move them a bit if you think they’re too soaked. But, with four of them, I think they should be able to hold everything.”

“Wh—What if they can’t?”

“Then we can clean whatever makes it to the seat,” Adam said. “It will be fine. You can keep trying to wait, but it’s okay if you use the towels.”

Alex felt better already upon hearing that. A lot of the panic left him. Just, the knowledge that he didn’t NEED to hold it all in until he got home was a relief. For several minutes, he felt so much more secure that it was actually EASIER to hold his bladder in. He was even able to put his seatbelt back in place with only minimal discomfort.

Then, they finally started moving again! Alex sighed, feeling hopeful. There should be a gas station soon, he’d get to relieve his bladder PROPERLY into an actual toilet. It really WOULD be okay.

Only, then the car in front of them came to a sudden stop and Adam had to slam on the brakes. Alex was jolted hard, his seatbelt pulling him backwards and squeezing so firmly into his bladder that a hard gush of pee hissed out from between his legs, wetting the towels and— Ohhh, it felt so good… He actually LET it continue for a few seconds before remembering what he was doing, squirming his thighs together in an attempt to stop it. He managed to slow it down, but it continued to trickle slowly.

Adam took his hand again, having heard the hiss of his loss of control. “It’s okay… Shhh… Just let it all go…” He rubbed Adam’s thumb slightly, encouraging. “Pretend you’re on the toilet…”

Alex shut his eyes and tried to do that. He wasn’t in the car, he was in the restroom. He was sitting on the toilet, because it was the middle of the night and he was sleepy and bursting. He’d woken up from a dream filled with watery imagery, and he had to go so bad that he’d barely sat down in time.

His spray resumed, leaking out into the material of the towels underneath him. He could feel the warmth spreading out in between his thighs and around his butt, and it wasn’t the most pleasant sensation, but his bladder finally squeezing itself dry felt so amazingly wonderful that it didn’t bother him too much. “Haaahhhh…” he exhaled, starting to shudder, a smile forming on his face.

“There you go…” Adam said. “That’s better… Just let it happen…”

Alex did, completely forgetting where he was. All he could comprehend was the immense relief and satisfaction of finally giving his body what it so desperately needed. It pumped out of him in a strong, pressurized rush, the towels beneath him rapidly saturating. He forgot that he was supposed to watch out for that until Adam reminded him.

“That part’s pretty wet now, move over a little…”

Alex reached and adjusted the towels, starting to flood a dryer spot now. “Ahhhh…” he moaned, shaking harder.

“Feel good now?” Adam asked.

“Yeah…”

“Good…” Adam said, continuing to rub Alex’s hand until he was completely empty, just sitting there blearily as the final drips seeped from him.

Alex made no move to get back up or remove the towels, still adjusting to how it felt not to be exploding.

“All finished?” Adam said.

“Yes,” Alex nodded. Finally, he stood up and pulled his pants back on. He carefully rolled the towels back up, and was even more relieved when he saw nothing had made it onto the seat. “Where do I put the—“

“Just, on the floor is fine,” Adam said.

Alex left the towels by his feet and sat back down. “Phew…”

“Everything okay now?”

Alex nodded again. “Thank you…”

“You’re welcome,” Adam told him. “And… Next time you’re having trouble peeing, it’s alright to tell me, you know? It’s fine to get stage-fright every now and then, it happens.”

“You haven’t ever had that problem,” Alex said. “Only me.”

“That’s not true,” Adam shook his head. “I’ve had it happen before too. The first time I used a urinal? I had a LOT of trouble. All the stalls were taken, I was bursting, and I hadn’t gotten good at using my STP through a zipper yet. I couldn’t go at all, but I couldn’t hold it anymore either. I told my Dad and he taught me this way I can breathe to calm myself down, and that worked when I tried to go again. If you tell me when you’re having trouble, I can help you.”

“O—Okay,” Alex said. “Next time…”

“Good.”

