College Desperation

Author: StarCommand

*000*2022-03-22 23:04

Chapter 1: Liliana

Liliana was NOT happy. She was cold, slightly damp, tired, surrounded by people going crazy, and on top of all of that, she had to pee. Kind of badly too. As a fresh college freshman, she knew and expected their to be many new adventures for her, but what she didn't expect was for her third night in her dorm to be so unexpectedly interrupted.

Just 10 minutes ago, the 18 year old mixed light skin girl had been peacefully sleeping in her bed, wrapped up in her blankets and extra large hoodie. She had been dreaming about sunbathing on the beach, the vacation her family had taken to the Bahamas just a month earlier. Suddenly though, a loud ringing was shaking the ocean waves, causing them to swell and grow angsty. Her green eyes then shot open, aware that in reality a familiar sound was happening... The fire alarm. Being on the fourth floor of the five story dorm caused a slight panic in Liliana, and she had quickly jumped out of bed, grabbed her phone and in about 2 seconds was out the door of her room, with her roommate Arabella right behind her.

Now here she was, standing in the crowd of mostly underclassmen, out in the slight rain, with nothing on for wear except her extra large, thick gray hoodie and a pair of red and black panties that rose up her relatively thick butt cheeks quite far. She was glad that the hoodie went down to about mid thigh, and acted as essentially a dress. As she looked around she saw a couple people who were not quite as fortunate with their outfits. One guy had nothing on at all except a pair of boxers. Another girl only had a pair of pink booty shorts that barely covered half her butt and a gray sports bra. And one girl even was wrapped with only a blanket, pretty surely nude underneath its warm fabric.

Liliana looked around for her roommate, but she was nowhere to be seen. She glanced at her phone and noticed how a raindrop landed on the screen immediately before she could even check the time. She then saw her reflection in the dark screen, studying herself for a second. While looking at her own reflection three thoughts occured to her. The first was that she really did look like Zendaya, something her roommate had said about her much earlier in the day. She took it as a great compliment, although she knew she was thicker and her breasts were much fuller and larger than Zendaya's are.

Second was that this rain was really starting to soak her and make her cold. She noticed that her hoodie was very much stuck to her body, and her nipples were poking through the fabric just slightly. The third thing she thought as she turned on her phone screen to finally acquire the time, which was 3:17 AM, was that she had to pee kinda badly, and it was no fun at all holding it, especially out in all this rain. She had been standing there with her thighs subconsciously pressed together, but now that she thought about her need, she immediately crossed her legs and squished her bare toes deep into the soft moist ground.

It was 3:32 AM now, and although no fire could be seen, firefighters still hadn't cleared the way for students to re-enter the dorm. Liliana was now very cold and needed to pee more than ever. Well, maybe not more than ever. She had certainly been in worse need plenty of times before. But she still had to go badly, and the cold just escalated her need. She alternated between standing still with her legs crossed tight, and walking in a slow small circle to keep her need contained.

She realized her panties were riding up very high, so she glanced around in the dark night, and when she was satisfied nobody was paying her any attention she quickly reached under her hoodie and readjusted the red and black fabric to be more comfortable. As she did this she realized that her panties were soaked from the rain, as was her hoodie, clinging to her body. The thought suddenly popped into her head... That she could pee in them and nobody at all would have a clue. The idea tempted her in her pretty desperate state, but she decided she would hold on at least a little longer and see if she could get inside.

At 3:40 Liliana was crossing her legs, squeezing her pussy muscles to hold the liquid inside. She had to pee bad, but the need had seemingly plateud by now, and hadn't gotten any worse in the past few minutes. Just then she felt a tap on her shoulder, and she spun around to see two women right behind her. The one she instantly recognized as her roommate Arabella. Arabella was a beautiful woman, with pale skin, blue eyes, long legs with a cute bubble butt, midsize full perky breasts, and despite being an average height about around 5'5, she had a presence that could fill up a room. This was like partly due to her long, incredibly platinum blonde hair that fit her perfectly. Liliana wasn't gay, but her roommate was one of the prettiest woman she had ever seen in her eyes.

Arabella was wearing black leggings with purple panties (Liliana knew this because she saw Arabella put them on), and a white T-shirt with no bra. This proved an unfortunate outfit choice for that night, as if the light hit her Arabellas entire shirt was completely see through from the rain. Liliana immediately saw her breasts were perked up and nipples were hard from the cold, just as her own were. The second woman was tall at about 5'10, with white but tanned skin. She seemed to be in really good shape, and her light brown eyes gave way to a pretty face and jet black hair down to her large breasts. She wasn't skinny, but definitely was not fat at all, and all her muscle and weight seemed to be perfectly distributed across her body. Liliana saw the girls outfit was certainly the most prepared of the three of them, as she was wearing blue sweatpants, now soaked dark from the rain, and a black T-shirt with a bra underneath.

Arabella introduced Liliana to the girl, saying "Hey this is Ella. I met her just a little while ago standing out here haha" Ella stretched out her hand to Liliana and spoke in a southern accent not typical for this northern University, "Hi I'm Ella! Your name is?" Liliana took her hand and shook it lightly, "Liliana", she said and smiled, immediately warming up to Ella's southern hospitality. The three girls all began to talk and all hit it off well. For a minute Liliana didn't notice that her legs were uncrossed, that is until a wave hit her, and she slammed her thighs together before trying to nonchalantly cross her legs tight again. Her actions were obvious and her voice wavered slightly, but neither of the other girls seemed to notice. Despite the crappy situation, Liliana really was having a good time with her roommate and newfound friend.

At 3:58 Liliana still hadn't admitted her need to pee to the other two women, but she didn't think she needed to, as her legs being crossed still seemed to be containing her desperation alright, although it was increasing little by little. Ella finally said to the other two "Well hey, I don't think we're gonna be able to get into the dorm for a while, and this rain is making me freeze. I think there's a 24 hour Waffle House down the road a little ways. You guys wanna go? I'm paying!"

"Liliana immediately perked up at the thought of having a chance to pee, so she almost agreed before realizing... She isn't wearing any pants! "I'd love to, but I don't have any shorts on under this hoodie. Only panties" Liliana admitted to the other girls, blushing some at the admission. "Oh don't worry about that. I never even noticed silly! Your hoodie is longer than some skirts I've seen!" Liliana was satisfied with this and agreed to going, although she knew the hoodie only went to mid thigh while standing and would certainly be shorter yet if sitting. Arabella then said "I'd also love to. But my boobs are literally completely on display through this wet T-shirt."

Ella, always one to be positive, said, don't worry, it will dry by the time we get there! It's at least a 25 minute drive, I think. Arabella was still hesitant, but the thought of peeing appealed greatly to Liliana, and she got more desperate at the thought of the chance to do so. Liliana pleaded "Yea Ella is right it will dry. I just really need to go because I REALLY have to pee, actually." As she said this she uncrossed her legs and pushed her thighs tight together, bending at the waist and bouncing on her heels. She did this partly to make a point that she had to go, and partly because it was necessary to hold it in!

"Well then, let's get to walking, my cars all the way in the back parking lot!" Ella said happily as the three took off walking through the wetness. Liliana noticed the mud squishing onto her bare feet, and hoped she wouldn't get her newfound friends vehicle too dirty." This wasn't her main concern however, her main concern was the increase in desperation she found at the thought of a toilet, and she knew it was going to be a long ride. She walked with her thighs pressed tight together, and about halfway to the car when the other two girls were in conversation and not paying much attention, she even slid her hand under her hoodie and cupped her pussy through her panties for four or five seconds, relishing the help her hand brought. She did remove it however, and shuffled the rest of the way to the car. The three of them hit the back parking lot, and Ella looked at the other two while standing in front of a big white Toyota Tundra pickup truck.

"There she is. The best truck in the world, hehe". The other two girls were stunned momentarily at such a beautiful vehicle, and Ella could tell, so said in her sweet southern accent, "Yea it's actually one of the families trucks but my parents let me drive it up to here. They own a horse and sheep ranch, and a very good one at that. Maybe you guys will have to come visit sometime!" Arabella stood with her arms crossed from the cold and said, "wow that's an awesome truck, I really like it. But I'm worried Liliana there will pee in it!! You look really desperate girl".

All three girls had a laugh, but it was true, as when she stopped to stare at the truck, Liliana had taken to stepping in place furiously to contain her pee, although she refrained from holding herself. "Yea I've like REALLY gotta pee. Super badly actually haha but I swear I won't pee in your truck" Liliana said, mostly believing her own words. "Well let's getagoin then, we've gotta get you to a bathroom stat!" Ella happily said. Arabella put the waffle house into Google maps as the three girls climbed in and Ella started the truck, with Liliana sitting in the back seat behind Ella, but scooted towards the middle somewhat. "27 minutes to the restaurant" Arabella informed the other two, asking then "do you think you can hold it that long?"

"I think I'm gonna have to! Unfortunately" Liliana replied, now sitting with her legs crossed,thighs smashed together, and her hands smudged between her thighs, although not holding herself.

Ella started to drive, but attempted to make light of the desperation even more, saying "Ya know at least you are desperate now and not in the morning. Imagine how bad it might have been when you woke up!"

"True, true..." Liliana replied, not saying much, but actually considering an answer to that. Then Arabella said "Yea that is true. I had to pee super bad myself this morning actually. I'm glad you had already went to class because I was dancing all over the room just trying to keep it in!" As Arabella said this she gave a small squirm, demonstrating just a portion of what had happened this morning. Ella laughed, and said "Yea I have been in bad situations myself plenty of times. I've actually gotta pee right now too, but definitely not as bad as you back there!" Liliana was in an embarrassing situation, but didn't feel too embarrassed at all about it anymore, as she was already comfortable with her roommate and quickly becoming comfortable with her newfound friend. What wasn't comfortable though was her bladder, and sitting had seemed to squish it and actually make it even worse.

As Ella said "you back there", she looked into the mirror to see Liliana with her legs uncrossed and her thighs slightly parted, with her right hand up under her hoodie holding herself. "Lilianas eyes met Ella's through the mirror, and Liliana said softly "I hope you don't mind.. sitting is making it worse and I really just need the hand support, if that makes sense".

Ella smiled and said "You are absolutely fine! Don't feel embarrassed at all. I know I've been there, and I'm sure Arabella has been too. Do whatever you need to do, just don't pee haha!" Arabella then turned around to see her roommate holding herself, and said "oh yes I've been there many times. Like I said I was dancing around this morning. Part of that dancing was using my hand to help hold it... It does help!" All Liliana could do was smile back, glad that the two girls up front seemed to understand her predicament. She also noticed Arabella's breasts, still very prevalent under her soaking wet shirt, and Liliana hoped her panties wouldn't get that soaking wet with her pee soon.

With the Waffle House about 12 minutes away, Liliana was in a bad state. She had been holding herself with one hand constantly while moving her legs in various positions, but now she resorted to holding with two hands, and really bouncing up, down, and around. She was really embarrassed, because both women up front knew her situation, but she was really glad they were being so encouraging. Arabella glanced at the GPS and said "11 minutes left... Do you think you're gonna be able to make it?"

"All Liliana could do was mutter "I have to. I can't pee myself... I can't I can't but ohhh I can't hold it!!" She had her hoodie, which was still wet with rain somewhat but drying quickly, pulled up so that her whole bottom half, only covered in her sexy panties, was completely exposed. Her hands were completely smashed against her crotch, pressing tightly against her panties, and smushed between her thighs as she gyrated, shaking the entire truck backseat. Her bladder had been full for so long, and her resolve was wavering majorly. Liliana felt a spurt escape, and it wet her panties and got just a drop on her hand. She felt like crying, and seriously wasn't sure what to do. "GUYS I just lost a little bit guys I can't make it. Ella please pull over please I'm gonna lose control" Liliana pleaded when she felt the drop hit her hand, not sure at all that more drops weren't to follow. "I can't pull over there is no shoulder on this road. Please try and hold it. Just 10 more minutes"

"I can't do 10 more, I can't do it" Liliana said starting to tear up, from the pain in her bladder and her embarrassment. Another spurt hit her hand, and she asked frantically "What can I do to hold it??? I can't remember having to go this bad ever". Ella was trying to think and drive at the same time, and was really struggling to think of a solution. Arabella wasn't sure what to do either, but both women knew that Liliana was on her last straw. Just then Ella saw a gas station coming up ahead. It was closed, but that didn't matter.

"Hey I'm gonna pull into that gas station, just hold it for like 1 more minute please please. I know you can do it!" Liliana, however, did not know if she could do it, as her panties were having more spurts added consistently, despite clawing support from her hands and smushed thighs. All she could do was moan back in recognition, realizing that she would pee completely if she quit focusing on holding it. They reached the gas station, and As Ella pulled in she said, "they're closed but that doesn't matter. Just jump out and pee" this was all the encouragement Liliana needed, but she forgot one important step, to jump out! Pee begin exiting her body despite her not yet being out of the truck, and she clambered to get out of the back seat and into the parking lot. She did make it out there, but the seat was already puddled with pee, and her legs had two solid streams running down them, straight through her soaked, wet panties.

All she could do was stand their mortified in the parking lot, knowing that she was full on peeing herself. The other two women sat in the truck, both feeling terrible for their friend but both unsure if how to help. Seeing Liliana wet herself didn't help Ella however, who also had to pee, and watching this accident forced Ella to shove her own left hand between her legs to hold it in. Finally Liliana's accident was over, and she climbed into the truck and slid her panties off, threw them on the floor, then slid over to the dry side of the seat, as her hoodie had only gotten minimal amounts of pee onto it.

She finally spoke up,having to hold back tears, "I'm so so so sorry about your seat. I just... I couldn't hold it". Ella gently smiled back and said "don't you worry about a thing. Seats dry. I'm just glad you feel better now. But I've still gotta pee. Very badly now. So what do you say, should we still go get waffles?" Arabella spoke "we definitely should, if you're up for it Liliana?" Liliana couldn't help but smile a little bit back, and she agreed.

Ella was so glad when they pulled into the parking lot, as she seriously had to go pee. She had had a hand constantly in her crotch for the last five minutes, and she quickly turned the truck off and asked the other two while bouncing in her seat "I've gotta get inside there. Are you girls ready to go in?!" Arabella looked at her shirt, and even though it was still somewhat see through with wetness, she agreed. Liliana felt incredibly self conscious as she now wasn't wearing panties and literally only had the hoodie on, but she couldn't back out now, so she also agreed. As they walked inside Liliana and Arabella took a seat while Ella beelined for the restroom, grateful beyond relief that the room was empty, and she could get her much needed relief...

Thanks for reading! I'm open for any feedback, and I'm also open to any scenario suggestions for what a future chapter should potentially entail?

*002*2022-03-23 13:11

{{4 hours ago, Kreed said:

Very natural and realistic. Would be cool to see each of the girls in some wetting scenario. Nice job!

}}

Thank you!

*003*2022-03-31 18:41

Anyone have any ideas on whether they would see Arabella or Ella featured next? And if so, what basic scenario would some of you like to see?

