Honkai Impact 3rd Omorashi (Also Yuri)

Author: Sirin

*000*2024-10-08 12:47

Mei and Bronya secretly love to pee. Therefore, by visiting Kiana on the moon this time, they prepared a very powerful diuretic for their god.

Let's see how our queen ends up.

Hello! This is my first honkai omo fic. Since I saw that Honkai Part 1 didn't have any Yuri Omo, I wanted to create one. And I guess it's strange because I'm not good at English, so I use Google Translate to write. And a little (very little) polishing, so please forgive me.

###

Part 1

After the war between humans and the Honkai ended. After 5 years, Mei and Bronya decide to visit Kiana. who are their heroines and gods now But because they are secretly obsessed with urine. Therefore, this visit must not be ordinary.The two of them planned to prepare the tea that Kiana liked and put a very strong diuretic in it. And with Mei's food that Kiana liked, it would buy enough time for the potion to take full effect.

On the moon

"Hey! Mei-senpai, Bronya, I'm here!” Kiana greeted as soon as Mei and Bronya arrived.

"I've prepared a table for the two of you!"

"Oh~ That's so cute. And I have a REWARD for the cute one~ You can guess what it is," Mei said with a smile that charmed Kiana. But it looks deceitful to others.

"Um, I don't know~"

"What about my cooking? How about serving it with your favorite tea~"

"Eh! Really? It's food made by Mei!"

“Fufu, do you want to eat now? Oh, don't forget to share some with Bronya-chan."

"no way!"

“The Bronya doesn't want to eat anyway. The Bronya will pour some tea for Qianna to drink.”

"So! Then please quickly prepare a plate for me!”

"As you wish, Kiana-chan."

Mei said before she started to plate the food. Before she knew it, the table was already full of food.

"Wow!" Kiana's eyes lit up and she drooled cutely (in Mei and Bronya's eyes)

Kiana started eating. By eating rice and drinking tea. Because her greedy eating caused food to get stuck in her throat, she had to drink tea extra often. Bronya did a good job by pouring tea for Kiana to drink. She continued to do this until Qiana began to feel ache in her bladder.

"B-Bronya, can you please stop pouring the tea?"

"Why... Is the tea that The Bronya and Mei prepared not good?" Bronya said with a disappointed look on her face.

"N-no, y-you can continue pouring..." Kiana couldn't bear to see her friend disappointed so she forced herself to say that.

“Ok!” Bronya cheered again before pouring tea for Kianna to drink.

Kiana continued to eat. But the pain from her urination also increased, causing her to start eating more slowly. Bronya noticed this and thought of teasing Kiana.

“Hey Kiana, why are you eating more slowly? Maybe you're tired, so would you like some more tea?” Bronya said, bringing the tea to Kiana's mouth. It was indirectly forcing her to drink. Which Kiana couldn't refuse so she just drank it.

"U-Ugh. I-I can't hold it anymore!" Kiana froze. As she started to pee herself. Pee was running down her pretty thighs. The leak lasted for more than a minute, until it finally stopped with a puddle of yellow water beneath her feet.

" *Sob* *Sob* " Kiana fell down, crying from her embarrassment.

"Hey, Kiana-Chan I never knew that god can also leak~"

“The Bronya doesn't know that you're such an idiotka that you can't even hold your pee. Until you pee on yourself."

Kiana cried even more at the insults she received from Mei and Bronya

End

###

I don't even know if it's good or bad so please leave your comments. If it wasn't that bad I have a plot in my head for Mobius and Elysia!

