Guard - Page 3

Author: secretomoact

*050*2022-02-15 17:39

Kenneth held it until the bathroom was in working order again. Dwight nudged him and pointed it out to him, expecting his obviously uncomfortable friend to hurry off and go use it, but Kenneth didn’t.

Kenneth was extremely desperate for the toilet by then, but The Leader was speaking and it would be completely improper to leave. Additionally, Kenneth didn’t want The Leader to KNOW that he was extremely desperate to pee. He’d figure that out if Kenneth ran for the restroom the second it was available.

So, Kenneth just stood and listened, bouncing up and down slightly as he tried not to look in the direction of the restroom. He was a desperate, wriggling mess. He bent over at the waist and crossed his legs, struggling to resist his need. He needed to go. Dear God. He had to pee…

He tried to straighten himself out in front of The Leader, tensing and relaxing his thighs over and over and over. That helped a tiny bit, but his need continued to build. Before, it was coming in short spasms, but now the pressure was pretty much constant. He ordered himself to ignore it, but it continued to throb and pound through his body.

Dwight watched his friend fidget and sway in confusion. ‘He doesn’t want to leave in the middle of the conversation?’ he guessed. ‘Is that it?’ Dwight tried to think of a way to bring the discussion to an end faster so that Kenneth could pee… Kenneth’s squirming was clear as day to Dwight, but The Leader didn’t seem to notice how uncomfortable he looked.

Dwight kept expecting Kenneth to interrupt and request a break. Kenneth seldom remembered how to be polite and typically interrupted others when they were talking if he wanted something, even important people. But, Kenneth stayed silent and just continued to shift from foot to foot, his stationary jog building in speed until he suddenly went still and grew very, very tense.

Kenneth’s gaze kept darting to the door that he knew led to a toilet and relief. He needed to go, and his breathing grew heavier as the desire to urinate nearly overwhelmed him. He was getting desperate. Wait. No. That wasn’t right. He WAS desperate, and he had been for quite a while. His traitorous hands were trying to move between his legs.

Kenneth had to go… He had to pee! The Leader would hopefully stop speaking soon, and eventually no one would be around to see him go into the restroom. Then he could pee. He could let all of his built-up urine spray forth in a huge, loud stream. He fought not to groan at the thought of all that relief.

He was beginning to wonder if it was possible to feel more desperate for the toilet than he already did. Surely, there must have been a plateau, a point at which it became impossible for his bladder to feel any fuller. But, in all his lifetime of repeated desperation, he’d yet to experience such an effect.

Eventually, The Leader finished speaking and told them they could go to the guest room where they would be staying the night. Dwight watched as Kenneth hastily moved from his place, but had no idea what was going through his friend’s mind when, rather than heading for the toilet, he just went to the bedroom instead. Dwight couldn’t understand why Kenneth wasn’t heading to the restroom. He so obviously needed it…

As Kenneth walked, each step causing knives and needles to poke into his bladder, little leaks streamed out of him every so often. ‘Oh, God, I need a piss!’ he thought. ‘I have been holding on forever!’ He tried not to count the hours that had passed. He tried not to think about how good peeing would feel. Each time one of his boots hit the ground, a bolt of electric pain shot through his lower back and the swell of his abdomen tightened. ‘I have to piss!’ his brain screamed. ‘I have to piss so bad!’

When he walked by the restroom, his bladder screamed angrily and begged him to enter it. He merely tightened his thighs and told it that it was going to have to wait.

Dwight followed after him into the bedroom. Kenneth was sat on the bed, his hands squeezing his jiggling knees. His legs were twisting all over the place as he tied them up in so many knots that he began to resemble a very distressed pretzel.

Bryce was on one of the other beds, he stood suddenly. “I am going to go take a piss,” he said. “Don’t break anything while I’m gone.”

Kenneth watched Bryce leave and tucked his hands between his legs. His bladder had begun to pound with the knowledge that Bryce was now going to do the same thing he was currently DYING for. ‘No fair, I have to go way worse…’ he thought. But, he couldn’t get up and leave for the toilet now. Because, now he’d have to wait outside the door, and he knew he’d continue on squirming and dancing and it would be bluntly obvious that he was having an emergency.

He couldn’t do that. He tapped his toes against the ground trying to calm down the sudden lurching in his bladder.

“Kenneth?” Dwight asked. “You know you don’t need an invitation to use the toilet, right?”

Of course, Dwight could tell he was bursting anyway. Kenneth fumbled, trying to find the words to explain. “I don’t want anyone to see me… Know… That I’m…”

“The Leader?” Dwight guessed. He supposed it was a little understandable he’d be embarrassed to go into the restroom in front of The Leader… “He is busy somewhere else right n—“

“Anyone,” Kenneth corrected. “Th—The servants. Bryce… Anybody.”

Dwight felt something go up his spine. He wasn’t sure what to call the feeling. A mix between a shudder and a bolt of icy nerves. This was new. Kenneth didn’t used to care so much if someone just saw him enter a restroom. This was new, and it wasn’t good. Evidently, Kenneth was now worried that someone may merely THINK about him urinating, not that they’d hear his stream trickling out, not that they’d watch as he went, just that they would THINK about the fact that he peed at all.

It was getting worse.

The demon that Dwight had spent years trying to soothe out of his friend wasn’t fading, it was getting stronger. “That… That doesn’t matter,” Dwight said as evenly as he could. “Do not worry about that. Come on, once Bryce comes back I’ll help you out, just like always.”

“I can’t…” Kenneth insisted, clutching himself with his trembling hands. He doubled over, hissing out through his clenched teeth. “I’m broken.”

“You are not,” Dwight insisted. “You’re okay. You have to pee. That’s all you need.”

Kenneth squeezed his eyes shut as he leaked once more. His grip on his cock tightening to the point it was painful. Then another leak. And another. And another. He needed to pee so much it was making him delirious, but he had stopped leaking. “I broke… I broke everything, and everyone knows, and—“

“You got sick,” Dwight said. “You couldn’t control it. And everyone doesn’t know, only me and the doctors.”

But Kenneth shook his head back and forth, beyond the point that he could be reasoned with. He only knew that he had to pee, and he couldn’t let anybody see that he had to pee. If someone saw him go to the restroom, they’d know how much he needed it, they’d know how he’d been holding it in, and somehow they’d know that he’d held it for so long that he broke down into sobs, pissed his pants, and made himself sick.

“I should have controlled it….” Kenneth whimpered. His bladder was screaming at him to STOP trying to control everything. It was ringing alarm bells, signaling such a severe, urgent need that made him want to cry all over again. He couldn’t keep trying to control everything, the pain in his middle was only growing and building, wave after wave of boiling piss crashing against each other.

Kenneth whimpered loudly at the quiet sound of water moving through the pipes in the walls as the toilet flushed. His thighs tightened and his legs turned to stone as gallons of fluid strained against his trembling pee-hole. His squirming and clenching did nothing to keep the tide at bay, and he felt so close to letting it all spill out right there on the bed. “Nnnnhhh!”

A couple minutes later, the door to the bedroom opened and Bryce stepped in just as Dwight took Kenneth’s wrist and tugged him upright. Kenneth immediately convulsed in an absolute fit of desperation at the change in gravity. His legs had fallen asleep after so much time being constrained against each other and pins and needles shot through them as he tried to walk again. Pins and needles also assailed his bladder, making it shriek with intense and constant spasms of need.

Bryce opened his mouth, “What’s wrong with—“

“We’ll be back in a minute,” Dwight informed quickly, dragging Kenneth out through the doorway. Dwight was honestly scared for his friend now, continuing to force himself through so much desperation after having JUST recovered from his infection couldn’t have been good. And that was what Kenneth was doing now; he was FORCING himself to hold it. He wasn’t asking for help anymore. He wasn’t telling anyone when he needed a break. He wasn’t even relieving himself on his own when he had the opportunity.

It was getting worse.

Kenneth’s bladder throbbed against the extra pressure walking was placing on it. His belt was cutting deeply into the round, full hardness in his abdomen. When Dwight opened the door to the restroom and took him in, Kenneth just stood there and continued to bounce up and down with his hands between his legs.

“Do you need help with your clothes?” Dwight asked, hoping against hope that THAT was the only reason Kenneth was making no move to unzip.

Kenneth said nothing.

“Do you mind if I help you?” Dwight prompted. Clearly, his friend was in a bad state. Whatever he was feeling, whatever was going on in his head that had prompted these new, incredibly destructive behaviors… That was going to have to wait until after he was empty.

Kenneth still didn’t speak, but he shrugged and shook his head.

Deciding that was the best he was going to get, Dwight moved to loosen his friend’s belt and take apart the buttons of his uniform before unzipping him. He felt Kenneth trembling and shaking beneath his touch as he accidentally pressed on his bladder. He heard a tiny hiss of liquid emit into Kenneth’s clothing and tried not to react. “Okay,” he said. “Ready.”

Kenneth moved without the franticness that his obviously extreme level of desperation warranted. He got himself out and aimed at the toilet. And, as ever, nothing more happened. No stream. No cascading, gushing waterfall of relief. Not even a drop. Just like always. Just like it was going to be forever.

It was incredibly rare that Kenneth’s negative thoughts resulted in bouts of sadness. No, they more often presented themselves only through one channel; Rage.

Before Kenneth even knew what was happening, frustration had frothed up in his chest and burst out of his mouth; “I HATE IT! I’M SO FREAKING SICK OF THIS SHIT! I CAN’T TAKE IT ANYMORE!” He’d done it. He’d exploded; Just not in the way that his body actually NEEDED him to.

Dwight knew from past experience that speaking in overly soft and calm tones to Kenneth when he was this angry only stoked the fire of his fury even further. So, he worked to keep his voice as even and natural as it would be if they were having a regular conversation. “Kenneth, this isn’t your—“

“IT IS MY FREAKING FAULT!” Kenneth shouted. “IT’S MY FREAKING BODY! I SHOULD BE ABLE TO FREAKING CONTROL IT!”

“You… You’ve got a medical condition,” Dwight said. “It’s like… It’s like if you were asthmatic, you wouldn’t feel bad that you couldn’t control your lungs, righ—“

“IT’S PISSING,” Kenneth exclaimed. “IT’S FREAKING PISSING. IT’S SOMETHING A GOD DAMNED COCKROACH CAN DO, AND I—“ He cut himself off. To his horror, he realized he was crying. Not just nearly-crying, either. The tears weren’t merely building up in his eyes, they were streaming down his face. He was crying. He was crying over pissing. Again. He was pathetic. He was less than a cockroach. “…I deserve this,” he said. “I let this happen. I deserve it.”

Dwight finally began to hold Kenneth and rub his shoulders. Dwight had helped Kenneth pee this way many times. He’d hugged Kenneth even more times than that. He’d held Kenneth as he endured nightmares. He’d cuddled him as he calmed down out of a fit. But, Dwight had never, ever felt Kenneth’s body get this tense before. He felt like he was made of plywood. Plywood that needed an intense massage and possibly a chiropractor. “You don’t deserve this,” he said. “You didn’t let this happen. This is not your fault.”

“It is…”

“It’s not… You were doing a lot better for a while,” Dwight said. “You can do better again, I promise. I’ve got you.”

“Easy for you to say,” Kenneth mumbled, fighting not to twist his hips around as desperation pulsed through his veins. He knew if he squirmed like he was trying to keep it in, he’d be stuck here even longer. “You’ve never had to feel this way.”

“I have…” Dwight said. “There was one time when I was a kid, that guy who liked to pick on me kept knocking on the door and I couldn’t go. I was scared. I was so young that I thought you really could explode from not peeing for too long. I actually thought I’d die.”

“Heh…” Kenneth smiled softly through his tears and anger.

“And, you know how I feel about public speaking,” Dwight went on. “Makes me so nervous. Remember the time I was supposed to give a speech to a bunch of new recruits? I don’t know if you could tell, but I had to pee SO badly through the whole thing, it was like half my body weight was piss, I swear. And, the reason I had to go so much was because when I woke up that morning and went to pee, I just couldn’t stop thinking about how I was going to have to talk in front of all those people and try to make it sound like I actually have a brain, you know?”

“Eheh…” Kenneth laughed a tiny bit, and Dwight felt his friend’s body release a huge bit of tension beneath his rubbing hands.

“And, I kept thinking about how I was probably going to forget what I was supposed to say, or I’d say something stupid, or I’d get through the whole thing and realize my zipper was down the entire time… And, I just felt so nervous that I couldn’t pee! And, it was first thing in the morning, so I really, REALLY had to. I kept trying, but before I knew it my time was up and I had to go give the speech.”

Kenneth began to go slack in Dwight’s arms, snuggling into him slightly. He started to feel the little pulsing pinch at the base of his cock that usually came right before he started to urinate. He tried to even out his breathing and hold onto that feeling, scared of allowing it to fade back into the pulsating misery of his full bladder again.

“I’ve got NO idea how I managed to make it through the whole speech without just pissing everywhere, I was completely convinced it was going to happen. I had to go SO bad! And I was so frustrated, too. Because I SHOULD have been able to go after I’d woken up, just like always. I shouldn’t have been needing to pee at all! And, I kept thinking to myself ‘Wow, this is what Kenneth feels EVERY day, isn’t it? He must have the patience of a saint to put up with this!’”

“Oh—” Kenneth snickered, amusement bubbling in his chest instead of anger. “Oh my God! Did you just call me ‘patient’?!” He was barely able to get the words out as he began to snort and laugh very hard. ‘Patient’ was the last word anyone would ever use to describe Kenneth. He had a hair trigger temper and a desire to get everything done as efficiently as possible. Nothing about him was ‘patient.’

It took a few seconds for Kenneth to register that his laughter had gone straight to his bladder, squeezing it hard like it was a lemon being juiced. Pee was trickling from his tip and splashing loudly into the water in the toilet bowl. He took a moment to be amazed that, even through his hysterics, he wasn’t spilling a drop, then all he could feel was the relief. His laughter transformed itself into a loud, long moan. “Aaaaaaahhhhhh….”

Dwight let out a sigh as well. It was weird, but the sounds of Kenneth pissing; the intense hiss of his stream and the pleasure filled groans he couldn’t manage to withhold, were beginning to sound like victory to Dwight. Every time he heard those noises, Dwight knew he’d done a good job, that he was a good friend and that Kenneth was okay, happy and comfortable all thanks to him. It was such a strange thing to take pride in, but Dwight couldn’t help it. He had the power to make Kenneth feel absolutely incredible, in a way that no one else could manage.

Dwight couldn’t deny that the sounds were also beginning to make him feel… strange. He didn’t think that the weird feelings had anything to do with the fact Kenneth was pissing, exactly. Just… The knowledge that Kenneth was moaning like that, that he was feeling THAT good, experiencing THAT much pleasure and that Dwight had been the one to CAUSE those feelings… It made Dwight flash hot and cold, and sometimes he even got a little hard when Kenneth moaned particularly loudly. Like now.

Since he and Kenneth were always in such close proximity when they did this, Dwight was certain Kenneth must have felt his stiff cock touching him at least a few times, but Kenneth had never said anything about it. The first several times, Dwight had panicked whenever he felt his member beginning to swell when Kenneth’s groans and sighs hit his ears, but as it happened more times and Kenneth continued not to comment, he realized that either Kenneth somehow wasn’t noticing or he at least didn’t mind it.

Kenneth’s release drew at last to a close and he began to shiver against Dwight’s body, unknowingly stimulating him. Kenneth was still breathing heavily as he zipped up. “Th—There you go,” Dwight said slowly. “All better?”

“Better…” Kenneth murmured.

As Kenneth went to the sink, Dwight placed his hands over his waist, attempting to conceal the effects Kenneth’s noises had had upon him. Dwight felt embarrassed that he was so attracted to them.

Perhaps, if The Night They Didn’t Talk About had never happened, and if consequently Dwight hadn’t known that those moans and gasps falling from Kenneth’s lips while he urinated were absolutely identical to the sounds Kenneth made when being sucked off, perhaps then Dwight wouldn’t find them so exciting to hear. Perhaps then he wouldn’t become so deeply fascinated by all the different ways he could make his friend’s body feel really good. He wouldn’t have known just how special it was that those noises were just for him and him alone. No one else would ever get to enjoy them. No one else would ever get to know what it was like to give Kenneth so much pleasure.

That night, Dwight couldn’t sleep. He’d tossed and turned, trying not to wake Kenneth or Bryce asleep in the other beds. He couldn’t stop thinking about those sounds Kenneth made, and his cock continued to beg to be stroked. Eventually, he gave in and went to the restroom, where he quickly found himself envisioning Kenneth collapsing into him with relief as he moaned and panted and gasped, all for him, only for him, because he needed him. Dwight climaxed shockingly fast, having one of the most intense orgasms of his life. The euphoria was quickly eaten up by shame; He was supposed to be focusing on helping his friend with a medical problem that was very detrimental to his quality of life, he most definitely wasn’t supposed to find so much pleasure in that.

$$

*052*2022-02-16 03:13

{{14 minutes ago, gelpen said:

Fantastic as always!

}}

Thanks!

*053*2022-02-16 17:19

Kenneth did not like alcohol. He abhorred the smell of booze; His Father had reeked of it at all times, mixed in with tobacco. Nothing good ever came with that smell. Kenneth did not drink alcohol, he’d seen what it did to his Father, it was a poison that morphed the man into a monster that felt nothing but hatred, and kept him crawling back for more. No alcohol would ever touch Kenneth’s lips for as long as he lived.

Or, at least, he’d thought so. That was until the day he’d finished a drill and was absolutely dying of thirst. He felt like his tongue was going to fall off if he didn’t get some moisture into his mouth. He reached for a canteen and began to chug, gulping it down faster and faster without stopping. It took him a very long while to register that it didn’t taste like water. And that it burned his throat going down. He was confused, but then Bryce shouted at him for drinking from his canteen.

Kenneth dropped it, some of the little remaining contents spilling out. “Your water tastes weird,” he informed.

“That’s because it’s not water, dumbass,” Bryce said. “I’m off-duty today, thought I’d have some fun.”

“It was alcohol?” Kenneth asked, he felt his skin prickle. He was scared now. What if this was all it took? One accidental drink, and he was going to find himself dependent upon the stuff, barely functional, addicted. Just like his Father. He knew that since his Father had been an alcoholic, the chances of him developing a similar issue were higher than average, and that his best course of action was to just abstain. But, what if this one mistake was enough to undo it all?

“Yes, idiot,” Bryce said. “What’s the matter with you? You look like you just saw a ghost.”

“I don’t… I don’t drink,” Kenneth said. “I can’t—“

Bryce interrupted him with a laugh, “Oh, this will be fun, then!” he said. He picked up his canteen. “Because, you just drank quite a bit of strong vodka. And, if that was your first time drinking… You’re gonna be in for a ride.”

Kenneth sat down on the ground, tried to think of something to do… The image of himself, desperately chugging bottle after bottle as his body deteriorated and his mind became lost in the fog overpowered him. He couldn’t be that. He needed it gone. Flush it out. Yeah. “Water!” Kenneth begged.

“I’ll get you some water,” Bryce said. “And, I... guess I’d better get Dwight to come babysit you now.”

When Bryce came back with a canteen of water, Dwight at his side, Kenneth was beginning to feel the effects. When Dwight had heard Kenneth had accidentally gotten himself intoxicated, he’d been worried the booze would effect him in the same way it had his Father; make him violent towards everyone, even the ones he was supposed to care about. But, it didn’t look like Kenneth was a mean drunk at all. It looked like, if anything, intoxication made him a lot LESS angry.

Kenneth was laying on his back and laughing at his own hands for some reason as he waved them back and forth. Dwight knelt down beside him; “How are you doing, buddy?”

“Dwight, lookit this,” he said. “I have… I have extra hands.”

“You’re seeing double,” Dwight corrected. “You’re drunk.”

“You’re hot,” Kenneth said.

“Oh—Shhhhh!” Dwight scolded. “Bryce is right over there!”

“Yeah, he’s not as hot as you!”

“Right,” Dwight said. “Well, just drink this water, okay? It will make you feel better.”

“I already feel better. I feel the best,” Kenneth said.

“You won’t in a while,” Dwight said. “Drink the water, and then I’m taking you to bed.”

“Oh, wow. About time!” Kenneth said. “Seriously, Dwight. Take a hint!”

Dwight felt himself reddening. His heart skipped a beat. He knew alcohol was something of a truth serum, it wasn’t making Kenneth feel anything for him that he wouldn’t normally. Only making him more willing to share. “That’s not— That’s not what I meant,” Dwight said. “You’re too… I’m not doing THAT when you’re like this.” Seeing Kenneth so free and open about… Well, anything, was certainly a new experience. Dwight didn’t really know how to respond to him. “Just… Drink your water, okay?”

“Okay!” Kenneth said. He opened the canteen Dwight handed him and began to pour the liquid down his throat. “Ahhhh…” he said once he was finished. “Ready to go now!”

“Alright, that’s good,” Dwight said, helping Kenneth stand.

“Heheheheh,” Kenneth giggled. “My legs feel funny!”

“I’m glad you’re having fun,” Dwight said. “But you need to sleep this off. Seeing you act like this is really freaking me out. Now, come on, it’s a short walk.”

They began to head back to the barrack, Dwight supporting Kenneth as he struggled to walk in a straight path, and got distracted by every little thing. Kenneth was high-energy normally, but usually that energy was heavily focused on whatever task he’d set forth for himself. He usually got himself stuck in a one-track mind, he didn’t get distracted by birds, or rocks, or leaves that were weird colors. Dwight felt rather out of his element seeing his usually moody, standoffish, obsessively focused friend suddenly act in a manner so antithetical to who he was.

Dwight had to admit that he didn’t exactly MIND that the alcohol had succeeded in making Kenneth loosen up a little in ONE regard, though. The casual, flirting comments hadn’t stopped, and Kenneth just would not stop touching Dwight. He was showing the level of affection he usually only showed when he was fast asleep beside Dwight and managed to roll over to give him a cuddle while unconscious. But, now he was fully awake, and hugging onto Dwight like he couldn’t get close enough to him.

He hoped that once Kenneth sobered up, if he remembered anything, it was that. He hoped Kenneth remembered how he’d felt cuddling him; Obviously, he was liking it, otherwise he would have stopped doing it by now. He hoped that Kenneth remembered how Dwight hadn’t pushed him away, that he’d liked it, too.

Kenneth suddenly stumbled a little further away from Dwight. “Careful,” Dwight said. “Let me help you wa—“

“Gotta pee!” Kenneth said abruptly and rather loudly.

That was supremely out of character. Kenneth rarely admitted he needed to pee. It was always ‘I have to take care of something’, ‘I need a moment’, or ‘I must attend to something now’. Never ‘Gotta pee!’ and certainly never so loudly! Kenneth preferred that people thought he didn’t have needs.

“We’ll be at the barrack soon,” Dwight said. “Half an hour, I think. Real fa—“

“Can’t hold it!” Kenneth whined, gripping himself.

Dwight wondered if Kenneth was really THAT desperate. He knew that his friend had a bladder of steel, and this seemed rather sudden. But, alcohol had a way of running right through a person, and Kenneth hadn’t had any prior experience with it, his body likely didn’t know how to regulate it. And, perhaps, since he already didn’t have full control over his body, his need to go felt more intense. “It’s alright,” Dwight said. “We’ll be back soon.”

“Can’t,” Kenneth said, jumping in place. “Hafta go now!”

“There’s nowhere for you TO go,” Dwight pointed out.

“No fair…” Kenneth complained. “I have to pee real bad!”

“I know,” Dwight sighed, he put a hand on Kenneth’s shoulder. “Let’s keep walking, okay? The faster we walk, the faster you can pee.”

Kenneth whimpered into Dwight’s side, “I can’t make it…”

“You can,” Dwight said. “It’s not as bad as you think it is. I’ve seen you hold it WAY longer.”

“Don’t wanna hold it,” Kenneth said.

“I know you don’t, but you have to,” Dwight said, beginning to drag Kenneth along. Kenneth stumbled as he tried to go along, not just from his intoxication, but from trying to walk and keep his legs crossed at the same time.

“Dwight, pleaaaase?” Kenneth begged.

“Please what?”

“Pleaaase lemme go pee?”

“Where?” Dwight asked, beginning to get a tad annoyed. He wanted Kenneth to act all cuddly with him again, instead of continually complaining about needing a toilet.

“Anywhere!” Kenneth said. “Pleaaaase? I hafta go real bad!”

“There’s nowhere FOR you to—“

Dwight’s sentence died on his lips when Kenneth pushed away from him, took a few steps to the side, unzipped, and immediately began to pee.

What.

Kenneth did not do that. Kenneth absolutely did. Not. Do. That.

Dwight had been obliged on countless occasions to rub Kenneth’s shoulders and speak softly into his ear just to relax his notoriously shy bladder enough to pee in a secluded, private toilet. He’d seen Kenneth get pee shy because a spider was in the restroom with him. He’d seen Kenneth hold it for entire days when he was unable to find sufficient privacy and his bladder had just refused to let go. He’d heard Kenneth claim that he’d gotten shy in front of himself a few times. Kenneth was more pee-shy than Dwight had thought it possible to be, he was so pee-shy that he’d been forced to restrain himself until he was in severe enough pain to make him cry multiple times!

But, here he was, peeing in a totally open area. Not even behind a bush or a tree. In broad daylight. With several of their fellow guards close enough to be visible.

What.

Dwight kind of just stared at his friend. Kenneth was releasing a stream that made it appear as though he hadn’t peed in DAYS, and he was letting loose slurred-sounding moans as loud as anything.

Well. Apparently there was ONE thing that completely negated his usually borderline-insurmountable case of Paruresis... However, Dwight didn’t think that making Kenneth dependent upon excessive alcohol consumption in order to void his bladder would be a very good idea.

Kenneth zipped up after a minute and stumbled back to Dwight. “Ahhhh,” he said. “All better!”

Dwight knew that Kenneth was going to be absolutely mortified in the morning if he remembered that he’d actually done that. Hopefully, he wouldn’t. Dwight got Kenneth back to the barrack and put him to bed. He fell asleep quickly, at least.

When Kenneth woke the next morning, his head was pounding with a massive headache… And his bladder felt like it was on the verge of rupture! He got up as quickly as he could, a little confused why he was in his uniform already, but he didn’t have time to worry about that. He darted for the door to the restroom and twisted the knob. It didn’t budge, so he knocked.

“Kenneth?” Dwight called over the sound of the sink’s faucet. “How are you feeling?”

“Fine,” Kenneth said, shifting his weight around. “But, um… Will you be long. I… Have to take care of something.”

Dwight sighed a relieved breath; Kenneth was definitely all sobered up now. He opened the door and his friend rushed in. Dwight sat down on his own bed as the sound of Kenneth relieving his bladder became apparent. When Kenneth came back out, Dwight asked if he remembered anything about the previous day’s events.

“No,” Kenneth said. “Why?”

“You… Accidentally drank a lot of Bryce’s booze,” Dwight said.

Kenneth’s face paled. Was he an addict now? He didn’t think so. If accidentally drinking alcohol was what caused this awful headache, then he didn’t ever want another drop of the stuff for as long as he lived! “D…Did I do anything?” he asked.

“Hm?”

“I didn’t… Embarrass myself, did I?”

'Well,' Dwight thought. 'You called me hot. And then you took a huge piss right out in the open.' “…No,” Dwight said timidly.

Kenneth exhaled, “Ah, that’s good!” he said. “And, I guess if I ever drink from Bryce’s canteen again, I should probably sniff it first, right?”

“Yes, you should do that,” Dwight said. “You, uh… You don’t walk very well when you’re drunk.”

*054*2022-02-17 17:35

Kenneth had to hurry. He had been made him stand guard all day again, and this time his supervisor had not been Bryce. The person placed in charge of him today was an even bigger jerk than Bryce had ever managed to be. He’d granted Kenneth absolutely zero breaks. Just… standing there, all day long. Hour upon hour. Minute upon minute. Second upon second. Each one making his bladder stretch further and further past the breaking point. Kenneth had resorted to debasing himself before the bastard, begging him for a few minutes’ respite so he could please, please, please, for the love of God, please just relieve himself!

But, his superior had been adamant in his refusal, and Dwight had been busy elsewhere, unable to come rescue him. Kenneth’s desperation built and built, reaching crescendo after crescendo. So many times, he’d been convinced that it was all over, that he was going to have an accident. The only thing that seemed to stop it was the knowledge that his superior was there, and perhaps when he looked at it that way, his shy-bladder could also be a bit of a blessing; It wouldn’t release in the presence of others, which meant publicly wetting himself was very unlikely to happen.

Still, needing to go that badly was a painful experience. He’d had to release his belt towards the end, and when he was ordered to put it back together so he would look ‘proper’, having to press the thing back into his bloated abdomen had caused tears to spring to his eyes that he’d only just managed to keep from falling.

When his superior at last told him he could leave for the night, Kenneth didn’t hear him right at first. It had sounded too good to be true, he’d been certain he was going to be trapped in this purgatory of ever increasing piss desperation for the rest of eternity.

“Didn’t you hear me?” the man asked. “I said you are reeelieeeeved of your position,” he deliberately drew out the word ‘relieved’ for as long as he possibly could, wearing a gigantic, smarmy grin on his face as the word pummeled Kenneth right in the bladder.

Kenneth would have insulted him for such a taunt, but as soon as he’d been told that he could go, the only thing he could do was dash off as quickly as he dared. He was gonna make it! He was gonna make it! He was eternally grateful that he’d been so close to his barrack. He may have had to move pretty slow, but at least he didn’t have far to go. His bladder convulsed and a small trickle snaked down his leg as he opened the door.

God, he hoped Dwight wasn’t already in the restroom. Or, if he was, that he’d let Kenneth in. Dwight would do that for him, right? Dwight would understand, wouldn’t he? Kenneth reached for the door to the restroom and tugged. His legs were bouncing up and down, he’d lift first one, then the other. He couldn’t recall ever being so frantic for anything in his life and it was driving him crazy.

The door didn’t move. Kenneth knocked, “Dwight!”

Kenneth could sort of hear liquid trickling.

“Be out in a minute, Kenneth,” Dwight called back.

“Pl—Please just let me in!” Kenneth begged. “I’ve—Ah!” his beg was cut off when another series of dribbles began to patter down his leg. “They made me stand out there all day, no breaks, lots of water, can’t—“

Kenneth heard a soft sound, then Dwight called “Okay, it’s unlo—“

Before Dwight could finish his statement, Kenneth had torn into the room. As Dwight zipped himself up, Kenneth began frantically fighting with his belt, buttons and zip. He continued jumping in place, his trembling hands unable to even get his belt apart, and every few seconds, they darted back between his quivering thighs to give his cock a squeeze.

“Kenneth—“ Dwight said. “Let me he—“

“DO IT!” Kenneth ordered. “HURRY!”

Dwight knelt down and unclasped Kenneth’s belt, then started to work on his buttons. But, Dwight made a mistake, as he took apart Kenneth’s buttons, he pressed his hands into him, directly over his bladder.

And that was it.

Kenneth was peeing.

He didn’t realize he WAS right away. He’d been so cataclysmically full that he didn’t feel his bladder emptying until the intense warmth spreading around his crotch became more noticeable. He bore down hard with his pelvic muscles, clutched himself with both hands, inadvertently getting in Dwight’s way, and tried to make it stop.

But, he couldn’t.

It was too late.

Truthfully, it had been too late for hours, and now that the mental block provided by public settings was no longer a factor, it was all over. His bladder cramped like no tomorrow, and liquid just burst out. It soaked his cupped hands, saturated his boxers and began trickling in waves and rivulets down his uniform pants. A puddle began to form beneath his boots, spreading out rapidly, as his mouth hung open in equal parts horror and relief.

Dwight took a step back. He’d stopped trying to help Kenneth get through his clothes. There was no point anymore; He was already going. His own face pinkened slightly. He’d seen Kenneth pee lots of times before, but never… Never an accident. Not even when they were little kids; Kenneth had never before wet himself in Dwight’s presence.

Kenneth’s eyes were wide open and he looked utterly shocked that this was actually happening to him. His mouth kept opening and closing, he started to rapidly blink, pee just kept gushing and gushing onto the floor beneath him as he stood stock still with his hands out to his sides. Why… Why? If this had to happen, why with Dwight? Why couldn’t he have had the luxury of being ALONE? One of the last accidents he’d had had been under very similar circumstances, he’d made it the restroom filled to the absolute brim, then hadn’t been able to get his buttons apart in time; But, at least that time, he’d been by himself. He wet himself, cleaned up, and none were the wiser.

Why did he have to have an audience this time?

Kenneth knew that this was his fault. If he could have just turned around and pissed while standing out there today, like literally everyone else he knew could, then this would have never happened! But, oh no, he’s not normal! He can’t just take a freaking piss! He can’t just let his body do what it freaking needed to! No, for whatever reason his mind and body had decided to become mortal enemies and leave him caught in the crossfire of their never-ending war. And this was the result of it. Soaking himself like a child.

Pathetic. Absolutely pathetic.

Aside from the accident itself, the worst part was how long it lasted. All the unintentional practice he’d had to get with holding it in had made his capacity enormous. To not only reach that limit, but to go so far beyond it, required an immense amount of liquid to accumulate inside of him. So great an amount that it took ages for all of it to finish spilling down his legs.

And, besides the humiliation, the knowledge of his failure, the unending embarrassment as more and more urine pooled at his feet, the worst thing was that this felt GOOD. He didn’t want it to, but it just did; Hours and hours of painful clenching and contorting coming at last to an end. It was impossible for the sensation of so much agony gradually fading from his body not to be pleasurable.

The conflicting emotions of beautiful, wondrous relief and deep, scathing shame fought for dominance in his mind. But, when his flood finally ceased, leaving nothing but a few wayward streams in its wake, all the good feelings associated with finally emptying his bladder went with it. The pleasing sensations of his bladder deflating back to its normal size vanished, leaving nothing but a throbbing tenderness in his middle that told him he’d likely be unable to hold himself for long over the next several days. The warmth that had soaked his crotch and drenched his legs quickly cooled off, leaving him feeling chilled, sticky and clammy. The knowledge that he felt that way because he was coated in his own urine, that he’d failed so spectacularly at keeping it inside of himself for a few crucial extra seconds, weighted him down with embarrassment.

Once Dwight stopped hearing the hissing, he realized Kenneth was finally finished. The accident had lasted over two minutes, but at last his friend was empty. Dwight struggled to think of something to say. He didn’t ask Kenneth if he felt any better, because obviously he wouldn’t after his ordeal had ended so catastrophically. He didn’t tell Kenneth that it was okay, knowing that in Kenneth’s mind, it most certainly was not and never would be. He didn’t offer Kenneth help with cleaning up, not wanting to embarrass the poor thing any further than he already was.

So, Dwight stayed silent, waited for Kenneth to say something first. Kenneth’s negative emotions rarely manifested themselves with crying; Tears were reserved only for instances of very severe physical pain. But, Kenneth certainly expressed himself with an abundance of a different reaction; Rage. Dwight would not have minded if Kenneth yelled at him at the top of his voice for pressing down on him in the wrong place like he had. He wouldn’t argue back. He wouldn’t remind Kenneth that he’d only been trying to help. He’d just let Kenneth get all his anger out, allow his emotions to flow with the same intensity that his pee had. Dwight would let Kenneth scream at him all he wanted, so long as it made him feel better.

But, that’s not what Kenneth did. And, what Kenneth did do was something Dwight minded very much. Dwight had been half-right, Kenneth reacted to his accident with fury, but he directed all of that fury onto himself. “Why can’t I just… Why can’t I be freaking normal!?” He yelled. He turned to look at himself in the mirror, continuing his tirade; “It’s pissing, you moronic excuse for a human being! Freaking PISSING; You should be able to figure that out!”

Dwight held up his hands in a calming gesture. “Kenneth—“

“Why can’t you be normal?! Anyone else would have just been able to go while they were outside! Anyone else wouldn’t be such a sniveling, worthless piece of skin that they can’t perform a basic function! God!” He spat. “You’re such a waste of space! Why can’t you just get over this shit, so you can behave like a normal freaking human for once in your li—“

Dwight stepped closer to his friend, ignoring the puddle coating the floor. He put his arm around Kenneth’s shoulders. “Kenneth, come on. Please? This is not your fault,” he insisted.

Kenneth inhaled and exhaled shakily. “It is,” he said. “Nobody else has this problem. You, Bryce… You guys can pee when you have to. You don’t get all locked up and scared. I’m broken. I let this happen.

“You’re not,” Dwight assured. “And, you didn’t cause this. What you have is a medical issue, it’s not your fault, and you can’t control it, only manage it.”

“I—I know,” Kenneth admitted. “But, I just… I’m too old to be…”

If Dwight hadn’t just peed a few minutes ago, he would have considered wetting himself right then and there if it could make Kenneth feel better. Instead, all he had were his words. “I’ve peed myself as an adult before,” Dwight said. “Remember? You were there for a couple of the times.”

“Heh…” Kenneth cracked a tiny smile.

“See? It happens sometimes,” Dwight said. “I’m sorry you have to deal with this whole shyness thing, but please stop blaming yourself for it, okay?”

“I’ll try,” Kenneth said. “But… I just really, really hate this.”

“I know,” Dwight said. “It must be miserable a lot of the time. Do you feel any better?”

“A bit,” Kenneth admitted.

“That’s good. Do you want any help cleaning?”

“Okay.”

*055*2022-02-18 17:25

Bryce tapped his foot impatiently, taking out his pocket watch and staring at the numbers. If those morons didn’t get back here soon, they were gonna miss the train. He’d been trying to be more understanding and accommodating of Kenneth’s shy bladder lately, but that didn’t mean he wanted to let himself be late over it.

It didn’t help that Bryce actually kind of needed the restroom himself. He’d intended to go once Kenneth and Dwight were back, but it didn’t look like he was going to have time for that after all. He should have ordered them to let him go first, but he knew Kenneth was going to need as much time as possible if he was going to relax and actually let it out. As loathe as Bryce was to admit it, he didn’t want to be responsible for Kenneth enduring the full agony of his shy bladder yet again.

A couple minutes later, Dwight returned with his pink-faced—but no longer squirming— best friend.

“Wait here a moment,” Bryce said, beginning to head in the direction of the restroom himself…

But, at that moment, he heard the train pulling into the station and knew he’d lost his chance.

Hopefully the ride passed quickly.

It didn’t.

Bryce felt each and every bump in the track like a boulder slamming on top of his abdomen. His legs fidgeted and his toes tapped. He could do little more than squirm and writhe as he pleaded with the train to move faster and get him to somewhere with a toilet.

The worst part was that Dwight had bought a beverage at the station. A glass bottle filled with soda which he occasionally took brief sips from. Most of the time, however, it was resting in the cupholder beside him. Where it sloshed.

The sound of the liquid jostling around may have been quiet, but the relative silence of the train combined with Bryce’s above-average hearing meant that the noise was impossible for him to ignore. There was nothing that affected Bryce’s bladder more than the sound of water. If he was ever tasked with washing up the canteens, he would squirm the whole time as the trickling water sent his bladder into a fit of needy urgency. It wouldn’t even matter if he hadn’t needed to go all that much before the water had come into play, once the sound hit his ears, his body would just go all to pieces and waves of urine would spontaneously begin flooding against his opening.

There had been one day when he’d stood guard during a rainstorm. It would have been miserable enough to start with, getting drenched and muddy, being blinded when his glasses inevitably fogged up and had droplets streak down their lenses… But, the worst part was the constant rushing hissss of rainwater splattering down. Several times, he’d had to turn around and release his bladder where he was standing, his piss flowing with the rain. The longest stretch of time he went without a pee that day couldn’t have been longer than thirty minutes.

He didn’t like to think he was suggestible, but obviously his bladder sure was.

And that glass of liquid resting next to Dwight had become Bryce’s worst enemy. It was the only thing Bryce was aware of any more, just that awful noise and the intense urge to unleash all the piss splashing around inside his body.

When he heard something else, he thought for sure it must have been his imagination. He didn’t dare check out the window to make sure for several seconds. But, eventually, the temptation was too great and he looked anyway. It had begun to rain. Hard. It spattered loudly against the roof of the train and ran in long rivulets down the window. The sound and sight, so much like what Bryce had to do, was too much and he clenched his eyes shut as his teeth ground together.

He pressed his thighs against one another and fidgeted his legs around, but it wasn’t helping. In the minutes since the rain had begun, his need to pee had reached an agonized frenzy. His hands buried themselves in his lap. Urine pounded against his sphincter in time with the rain pounding against the roof.

“Bryce?” Kenneth asked. “Are you okay?”

Bryce tried to straighten out. When he moved his hands, a spurt leaked from his tip. When he uncrossed his legs, he started to dribble. “I—I’m fine,” he said. He had to be fine, of course. There wasn’t anywhere to pee on the train, so that meant he couldn’t need to pee. It was too inconvenient to have to go right now, so he just didn’t have to. Simple.

Not that any of his fierce, nonsensical denial could help him now. Contrary to what he so feverishly wanted to believe was true, he did need to pee. He needed to pee really bad.

“Are you sure?” Kenneth asked skeptically. “You look like you need to… Um… You remember what happened last time, don’t you?”

Bryce winced with embarrassment as his bladder shook and fired off intense, urgent signals. Kenneth was referring to the time Bryce had held his bladder through an extremely long train ride, while vocally insisting he didn’t have to go at all, before flooding his pants a few feet away from a toilet.

Bryce said nothing, but brought his legs up into his seat so he could tuck his feet underneath himself. The rain continued to rush, the sound of it agonizingly loud and filling Bryce’s mind and body with intense, white hot bolts of need. “Paulson, I demand you begin prattling about something inane right this instant!”

“What?” Kenneth asked.

“Talk,” Bryce barked. “Talk about something stupid, and do it as loudly as you possibly can!”

“Uh—Um… Okay,” Kenneth said.

Dwight lifted his soda and took a sip. Bryce’s eyes fixed themselves to it, watching as the liquid inside the bottle sloshed and moved. The fluid in his bladder seemed to do the same thing alongside it. “Smith. Finish your soda now.”

Dwight looked confused.

“You heard me! Chug it! Now! Then talk with Paulson!”

Dwight obeyed, finishing off his soda, still a little perplexed. “Kenneth, what’s—“

“He really needs to relieve himself and doesn’t want to say so,” Kenneth shrugged.

“I do not,” Bryce said, scoffing like that was the most ridiculous thing he’d ever heard. He curled around himself further, his hands wedging between his thighs yet again.

“The soda was probably bugging him,” Kenneth said. “Now he wants us to talk so he will be distracted.”

“Yeah, he does look like he has to pee really bad,” Dwight agreed. “Bryce, do you think you can wait until we get there?”

“No— I mean, yes— I mean… No, because I don’t have to go at all,” Bryce replied, trying to ignore the intense humiliation of his subordinates discussing his body’s needs so openly. But, the only thing that was stronger than the embarrassment was his intense, all consuming need to GO. His teeth clenched so tight he was worried about cracking them. “I’m not waiting to do anything.”

“Okay,” Kenneth said. “If you seriously want to do this to yourself AGAIN I won’t stand in your way.”

Why did it matter if Bryce admitted to his urge or not? Even if he told them he had to pee, it wouldn’t make a difference. He’d still have to hold it until they reached a stop. The only thing confessing to his emergency would do would make him feel even more embarrassed than he already did!

So, he just kept squirming and fidgeting, kept gripping his member through his clothes. Kenneth and Dwight had started talking, but not loudly enough to drown out the horrible rushing waves of rain outside. A quick burst of pee suddenly bloomed wet and warm in Bryce’s boxers.

He squeezed himself even tighter to cut it off. His bladder flamed at the tease of the wet spot on his clothes, begging him to allow it to make another. “How much longer?” Bryce whined out.

Kenneth looked at him and raised a brow, “I thought you didn’t need anything.”

“I don’t,” Bryce said, clenching his jaw. “But, I am bored.”

Kenneth gave an uncaring shrug, “Maybe an hour?”

The thought of having to endure another hour this way… The pressure in Bryce’s bladder was still getting worse. He jerked his hips, pressing the heel of his boot into his crotch and doubling over. “Nnnnnhhh!!”

“You sure do a whole lot of pee dancing when you don’t need to pee,” Kenneth noted. His gaze fell onto the bottle next to Dwight and he reached to pick it up. “I guess if you don’t have to go, I’ll throw this bottle out. I can’t think of anything else we could possibly need to use it for right now.”

Bryce stared at the bottle that had tormented him through the first part of the journey. Now, it looked like salvation. “Don’t throw it out!” he begged. If he could move his hands, he’d try to make a grab for it. He’d try to tear it from Kenneth’s grasp.

Kenneth snorted a short laugh. “Why not? What do you need it for?”

“Nothing!” Bryce barked out. “Everything! I don’t know! Just— Just give it to me! That’s an order!”

Kenneth shrugged, a small smirk on his face. “I don’t know,” he said. “It could be dangerous if it breaks… It’s made of glass! I should throw it out, just to be safe.”

“No!” Bryce pleaded. “Hand it over!”

“Hmmm…” Kenneth hummed, pretending to mull it over. “Not unless you tell me what you want it for. For all I know, you’re gonna stab me with it or something!”

“I wouldn’t do that!”

“Then, why do you need it?”

Bryce forced his eyes shut, “You know!” he spat.

“I’m afraid I don’t.”

“I need— I just… I need it, okay!?”

“That doesn’t cut it, Bryce.” Kenneth started to stand up, he reached to slide open the door to their compartment.

“NO!” Bryce begged. “Please! I need— I really would like to pee! I want to go! Please, let me do it in the bottle!”

‘I want to go’ was probably the best Kenneth could hope for, but still… “Well, if you only ‘WANT’ to pee, I guess it’s not an emerg—“

“It IS!” Bryce snapped, his resolve fading away as a wave of piss flowed into his boxers. His sense of pride was lost alongside his bladder control. “I need to pee! Please, I can’t hold it! Please! I have to go!”

“Ohhhh,” Kenneth said, as if it was the shock of the century that Bryce needed the restroom. “Here you go, then.”

Bryce tore one hand away from his crotch and tried to use it to unclasp his belt. Only to cringe when he realized he couldn’t do it one-handed. The instant his other hand let go of his dick, he was peeing again, the liquid audibly hissing against his clenched thighs. He ripped his belt apart as fast as possible, then started on his buttons, finding it very difficult to get them all apart with his shaking hands. He wasn’t just leaking anymore, he’d started to let out an actual stream, and he couldn’t stop it from coming.

Kenneth had turned himself backwards in his seat, pressing his face against the cushion of the chair to give Bryce some semblance of privacy. Dwight was still facing Bryce and when Kenneth tilted his head slightly and noticed, he snapped; “Don’t watch him, you idiot!”

“Oh, sorry,” Dwight said. “Kinda zoned out…” He covered his eyes up with his hands. “Okay, good to go.”

Bryce yanked his zipper down loudly and finally positioned himself at the opening of the bottle. Urine began noisily plinking into the bottom of the glass receptacle and Bryce’s body began to slacken, his limbs loosening and his eyes drifting shut in complete, blissful relaxation. All that tension eased away, his muscles unwinding themselves as he drained away the awful burden of his bladder. “Mmmm…” he hummed out, having to grind his teeth to keep from moaning or sighing loudly.

The sound of his pee hissing against itself in the bottle was the first watery noise not to torment him. Instead, it made him feel light, loose and so, so good. He was peeing, and it was heavenly.

The bottle was big enough. Just barely. And when the last spurts had left his bladder, he loudly exhaled. He zipped up and began looking for the cap so it wouldn’t spill.

Dwight handed it to him and he twisted it back on.

Bryce just sat there in a daze for several seconds before putting the rest of his uniform back together. “Just for the record,” he said. “I definitely could have kept waiting. I didn’t need it that much. Only— Only because you gave me the bottle. I only used it because you gave it to me. I could have made it just fine.”

“Whatever you say, Bryce,” Dwight said.

*056*2022-02-19 17:46

‘Is this just what elevators do?’ Dwight wondered as he bounced in place. He hadn’t seen very many elevators in his life, and had only been inside of one twice, but both of those times it had gotten stuck!

This second experience was shaping up to be entire galaxy’s of magnitudes worse than the first had been for two reasons. One, the first time he’d been stuck in an elevator, Kenneth had been with him to help stave off the boredom. And two, the first time he’d been stuck in an elevator, he hadn’t needed to take a piss so badly that he was sure his eyeballs must have been turning yellow.

It was the need for the toilet that had caused him to pick the elevator over the stairs in the first place. After attending another speech, drinking way more than his fair share in water afterwards, and never once getting to have a turn in the restroom set aside for guards, Dwight had been so absolutely dying for a pee that he didn’t think he’d even be able to make it back to the inn in time.

He’d BEGGED Bryce— Literally BEGGED him, as close to being down on his knees as he could get without adding undue pressure to his poor bladder— to please, please, PLEASE let him use one of the civilian restrooms just this ONE time. Dwight insisted that no one would care, the others in that room would be more focused on emptying their own bladders to realize Dwight was in uniform and think anything of it, surely! But, Bryce had shook his head; “These are not my rules,” he said. “And, I cannot allow you to break them. If anyone above us finds out that you disrespected your uniform by wearing it inside that restroom, we could all be in trouble for it. Hold it.”

So, Dwight had tried to hold it. He’d wanted to use the restroom at a shop on the way back, but it had been so late none of them were open. So, all Dwight could do was hobble the long walk to the inn, made worse by the darkness of the streets—only somewhat illuminated by a few sparse lamps— and his inability to see if he was about to trip over something. He did trip a few times, and each instance drew a spurt from his bladder that made him all the more certain he was going to wet himself.

Partway through the walk, he’d cried out that he could NOT hold it any longer. He told Bryce and Kenneth that he was going to pee in between a couple buildings, he just HAD to get it out of his system or he’d burst for sure. Bryce had ordered him not to— If peeing in the civilian restroom at the colosseum would have been disrespectful to his uniform, then doing it right out in public where someone could see would be even worse. Dwight argued no one was around TO see so late at night, but Bryce could not be swayed. Dwight was to hold his pee until they reached the inn, no way around it.

Finally, the long and painful journey came to an end; They had made it to the inn. Dwight just had to get up to the second floor to his room, where he could finally release everything that had built up inside his bladder over the course of the day.

But, he didn’t think he could manage to go up a flight of stairs in his condition. Kenneth tore up them like the ground floor was on fire, and Dwight realized he’d been so caught up in his own agony he’d forgotten that Kenneth had certainly not relieved himself at all today either. Bryce followed after Kenneth at a slower, less frantic speed.

Dwight decided to take the elevator. No way could he climb stairs without breaking his bladder wide open and turning them into a water slide. By the time the elevator got up to the second floor, Dwight was also pretty sure Kenneth would be finished with his own pee… And, if not, Kenneth was at least comfortable enough with Dwight that they could share the toilet in emergency situations like this one.

God… Dwight had never wanted to see the poorly lit interior of one of the inn’s restrooms as badly as he did right then… He got into the elevator and jabbed the up button, hoping it would move fast as he twisted his legs up and held himself. He was grateful for the privacy the elevator gave, he’d been dying to give his cock a good squeeze for hours but someone had always been looking at him.

Now, after half an hour of being stuck inside the elevator, he was no longer grateful for any part of it. His bladder ached so badly, he could feel urine stretching and distending his entire midsection. Dwight knew Kenneth was DEFINITELY finished peeing by now. Unless he’d managed to get stage fright in front of himself again… Dwight laughed a little through his nose at the memory of that incident, but his laughter shook the walls of his poor, brimming bladder and caused him to double over on himself as a long leak spurted from his tip.

Dwight was absolutely not averse to relieving himself using ‘alternative means’. To him, toilets and urinals were good when they were available, but if he really had to pee and there wasn’t one nearby, he could improvise. He could pee outside even if there wasn’t much cover. He could pee outside even if there wasn’t ANY cover at all. He’d peed several times in barren fields, nothing to hide behind, without the slightest care for how there were people present around him.

He’d peed in containers lots of times too; He’d peed in empty bottles, into barrels, into buckets… Anything that was nearby. If Dwight had to go, then he just had to go, and he didn’t care where he had to do it.

But, there was nothing in the elevator to pee into. No bottles conveniently laying around. No buckets. No nothing. He supposed he could just do it up against a wall, but the one thing Dwight DID try to avoid when relieving his bladder was making a mess that another person would be stuck cleaning. If he peed on the wall of the elevator, he would do exactly that… Although, if the elevator didn’t start moving soon, he’d certainly end up doing it anyway. His bladder would decide to make the mess for him. ‘Surely,’ he tried to reason with himself, ‘It would be LESS of a mess if you go on the wall, right?’

He thought so. He’d be able to aim it so it all went in one place, his clothes would stay dry so he wouldn’t have to worry about dripping anywhere else if he moved around too much… Peeing on the wall would do less damage than peeing his pants, wouldn’t it?

Another leak jetted down his leg with no warning. He hadn’t even felt his bladder lurch or quiver beforehand, just one second he’d been holding it and pondering his dilemma, and the next he was peeing full force and fighting to cut off his flow.

He had no choice. He HAD to use the wall, there was nothing—

He removed one hand from where he’d had it tucked between his legs. He drew it upwards and gripped his uniform cap… It was… sturdy. And the inside was kinda bowl shaped…

Bryce’s earlier ranting about not disrespecting the uniform came back to Dwight. He was almost positive that taking a piss in his cap would count as a LOT of ‘disrespect’, but it wasn’t like he couldn’t just wash it afterwards…

Now that he’d had this idea, his bladder was spasming and shrieking out of control again. He wasn’t leaking like a broken faucet anymore, but every few seconds a tiny drip would add to the growing wet spot on his boxers.

He didn’t want to make a mess in the elevator. The elevator didn’t belong to him. His cap DID, though. And his cap could be washed.

His mind was made up.

‘This is a good idea,’ Dwight thought, trying to reassure himself as he held his cap in one hand and tried to undo his belt with the other. ‘It’s gonna work!’ The strap of his belt released and he practically moaned as it ceased its strangling of his bladder. His zip came down next, and he freed his leaking, damp member from the confines of his boxers.

He held his cap just beneath his throbbing opening and aimed himself downwards into it. Before he’d even planned to, his pelvic muscles dropped and out it came. His drips became a dribble. His dribble became a stream. His stream became a torrent. He was peeing for all he was worth, and he cried out in ecstatic relief. He felt a tingling surge course through his entire body, making him shiver and close his eyes as he lost himself in the rapidly flowing release.

Then, he realized that the cap was growing very sodden and heavy in his hand. He could feel dampness spreading out on the palm that was resting beneath it. He could feel the weight of it building and building. The cap’s interior may have been bowl-shaped at first, but now that it was being sloshed full of liquid, the sides were collapsing in on themselves, and before he knew it the slippery, slick wetness and the weight of so much piss made it so Dwight lost his grip on the cap. It squelched onto the floor of the elevator, the urine inside of it splashing outwards in various directions.

Dwight also couldn’t stop peeing even though the receptacle was now gone. He tried to stop, tried to minimize the mess that was now a thousand times worse than what he would have created had he just peed on the wall or wet his pants. But, he couldn’t cut off the flow. It just kept pouring out of him, adding to the puddle he’d already made. Even as he begged with his body to stop, to clamp it down and hold the rest in, his bladder just continued to pulse and push, forcing out more and more urine, completely under a spell from the euphoria of letting it out.

Rather embarrassingly, as the last of his pee finally departed from his bladder, Dwight shivered. And, it felt really good, too. It felt good to be empty… It didn’t feel good to have soaked the elevator as badly as he had. The floor looked like it had just withstood a hurricane…

And, of course, the elevator chose THAT moment to start moving again.

Why the Hell couldn’t it have done that a minute ago!?

When the door opened, Dwight shakily walked out, carrying his soiled cap and being careful not to step in the pool of his urine in front of him. He headed to the room he was sharing with Kenneth and winced as he knocked on the door.

Kenneth opened it a second later, “Dwight,” he said. “Did the elevator get stuck? Hurry!” He tugged his friend into the room, certain Dwight must have been on the verge of an accident.

“Um… Hello,” Dwight greeted, his cap seemed to feel even heavier in his hands now than it had earlier when it had still been full of his pee. “It… Did.”

Kenneth noticed Dwight wasn’t squirming anymore. Nor did he appear to have wet himself. “Alright, what did you do?” he asked in a somewhat accusatory tone.

“Wha—What do you mean?” Dwight asked, doing his best to look innocent.

“I mean, you were bursting to piss all day and then you got stuck in an elevator,” Kenneth said, continuing to stare at his friend who only shrugged at him in return. “Now, you’re here but you don’t seem to need to go anymore, and your pants are still dry.”

“I have relieved myself,” Dwight said. “I feel much better now.”

“How?” Kenneth prompted, unamused.

Dwight felt his skin prickling with heat, guilt and humiliation. He held his hands behind his back, hiding his cap. “Okay. So,” he started, his embarrassment making it harder for him to tell the story. “I… Did have to go really, really bad when the elevator got stuck. And, it was jammed for a really long time. And I couldn’t wait. So.”

“So?” Kenneth asked.

“Um, well, I didn’t think there was anything to pee into in the elevator,” Dwight continued. “But, then… You ever realize how sturdy our caps are?”

Kenneth’s eyes widened and he put a hand over his mouth, looking at Dwight with the same look of disbelief he’d have if he’d just grown wings and begun to fly. “No. You didn’t,” Kenneth squeaked out. “Dwight. Please. Please don’t tell me that you did that.”

“Okay. I won’t tell you that I did that.”

“Dwight, DID you do that!?”

“You told me not to tell you.”

“Dwight!”

“I… I did,” Dwight admitted, looking down at his boots. “I… I peed in my hat because I couldn’t wait any more and I was trying not to make a mess, alright?”

“Are you freaking SERIOUS!?” Kenneth demanded, reminding Dwight of when the nuns who ran the orphanage he grew up in scolded him for running in the hallways. “Your hat’s not… It’s not… Full right now.”

“Yeah,” Dwight said. “It didn’t work as well as I thought it would. It got too wet and heavy, and just—“

“Dwight,” Kenneth groaned, rubbing a hand down his face. “Is the elevator covered in your piss right now.”

“Um….”

“Yes or no, Dwight.”

“Yes…”

“Oh my God…”

Kenneth turned away and sucked in a deep breath. He shut his eyes tight and balled his shaking hands into fists as he slowly let the air back out of his lungs. ‘Don’t yell,’ he ordered himself. ‘Don’t yell. Not at Dwight. Don’t yell. It was an emergency. Don’t yell. He wasn’t thinking clearly. Don’t yell. Don’t explode. Don’t scream. Don’t shout. Just don’t.’ His eyelids tightened, heat flared through his chest and head.

After almost a minute, Kenneth’s eyes snapped back open, but he still did not turn around. “Alright!” he said finally. “Here’s what’s going to happen. You’ll go back down the ground floor and tell someone that you spilled something in the elevator, and you feel bad and want to clean it up yourself. Hopefully they’ll give you a mop or something and we can put this whole thing behind us. Okay?”

“O—Okay,” Dwight replied. “And my cap?”

“You have other caps. Just get rid of that one,” Kenneth said. “Go get the elevator cleaned up before anyone notices.”

“I will, but Kenneth—“

“I’m not mad at you,” Kenneth interrupted.

“It sounds like you are.”

“I’m not mad,” Kenneth repeated, turning around. “Sometimes you’re an idiot.” He said, stepping closer to Dwight. “And I can’t say I’m HAPPY that you did all of that,” he added, pulling Dwight into a hug. “But, you’re MY idiot, and I’ll always forgive you when you do stupid things.”

Dwight’s worry and embarrassment melted away as his friend held him.

*057*2022-02-20 17:45

Bryce did not like to think of himself as a person that scared easily. Spiders did not faze him. He did not mind being high up. Thunder never startled him. Bryce usually just didn’t get scared. There were only a few things that frightened him, and they frightened him for a very good reason.

While Bryce was not exactly scared of the dark, he was uneasy when he was ALONE in the pitch black of the night. Bats really freaked him out as well. But, nothing scared Bryce more than snakes.

When Bryce was very small, there was an incident where he’d gotten separated from his parents during a hiking trip. Bryce had been scared out of his mind, looking everywhere for them and running around in circles crying for them. He was lost for hours in the big, confusing woods. Night fell and he still didn’t know where his parents were or how to get out of the forest.

He’d come upon a cave.

He thought for sure he’d looked everywhere else, and that his parents must have been in there. So, he’d gone in. He’d tried to be brave and ignore the prickly feelings on his skin. But, the cave was so dark. He couldn’t even see his own feet when he looked down. And, when he looked back, he couldn’t see the way out anymore, either.

He’d cried harder then, certain he was going to die in the darkness and never see his parents again. He curled up on the ground in a little ball, shuddering and sobbing. The only sounds besides Bryce’s wails were the noises of bat wings flapping loudly. Bryce didn’t know what those noises were or where they were coming from, and grew certain that there was some kind of awful monster in there with him, searching for him and plotting to devour him whole.

When he felt something begin to coil around his foot, he grew even more certain that this was the case. He thought it must have been the tentacle of the monster coming to eat him. And then, there was this awful pinch in his ankle followed by burning, stinging pain and a sensation that he was spinning.

He screamed at the top of his lungs.

His Father was there then, having heard his shriek. “Bryce,” he said. “There you are…” and Bryce felt himself being picked up and carried, and then he wasn’t in the scary cave anymore, and Father was there, and Mother was there and she was crying too and asking him if he was okay.

Next thing Bryce knew, his parents were rushing him to the local doctor. The pain in Bryce’s ankle had been a bite from a venomous snake that lived inside the cave. Bryce got very, very sick and the doctor had to do all sorts of things to make him get better. Ever since then, Bryce had hated snakes.

Sometimes, he’d jump backwards just because he saw something that he THOUGHT was a snake. Like, a hose, a pipe or a large worm. When he looked closer and realized the thing wasn’t a snake, his heartbeat would return to normal and he’d feel very embarrassed. But, he couldn’t help it. Snakes were bad news.

Kenneth thought it was funny. Sometimes he’d sneak rubber snakes into Bryce’s bed during the day and when Bryce pulled back the covers and found it, he screamed so loud he could be heard for miles. Bryce always made sure to give Kenneth a task he really, really hated doing in the days following such an occurrence, but Kenneth seemed to think scaring him with snakes was just so hilarious that it was worth whatever punishment he received for it.

Bryce’s fear of snakes and Kenneth’s never-ending amusement by it were the reasons why Bryce was still awake. They’d been out doing marching drills in the woods again. Kenneth and Dwight had fallen fast asleep after Dwight had helped coax Kenneth’s bladder into releasing against a tree. Meanwhile, Bryce’s own bladder was filled to the brim as he laid fidgeting inside the tent.

The obvious solution was to leave the tent and use a tree, but during the day Bryce had seen five entire snakes slithering across the forest floor. Each one had elicited a louder yelp from his lips and even louder fit of laughter from Kenneth. Bryce could NOT go out in the dark to pee when he knew there were snakes around. He wouldn’t be able to see one coming before it was too late.

The three of them were sharing one tent tonight. Bryce was in the middle. And between Dwight’s snoring, Kenneth’s rolling around, and the pain in his bladder, Bryce absolutely could not sleep. His original plan was to just stay up all night and then bolt for a tree as soon as the sun came up, releasing his poor bladder onto the bark. But, he no longer felt like he could make it until morning without an accident. He’d leaked twice already and he knew a third loss of control must have been coming.

‘Don’t be pathetic, Bryce!’ he scolded himself. ‘You are a soldier! You can’t allow yourself to be so scared of the dark that you pee your pants!’ He raised himself up from his sleeping bag and, wincing at the added pressure to his bladder by the new position, crawled towards the opening of the tent. He unzipped it and peeked outside.

He couldn’t see anything. But, he swore he could hear hissing. Panicked, he zipped the tent shut again and retreated inside… Kenneth had rolled into his spot now, and had put his arms around Dwight. It almost looked like he was spooning him. Bryce stared for a moment, wondering if Kenneth realized what he was doing or if he was just so deeply asleep he didn’t notice.

In any event, Kenneth had stopped all the tossing and turning now. He was totally still. That solved one of Bryce’s problems, at least. But, the biggest one was still causing him a lot of trouble. There was no way he could hold his bladder until morning. It was throbbing and pulsing away in his core and once he gave in and put a hand between his legs, attempting to turn it into a plug, he was unable to remove it without spurting.

He could not wait until morning. And, there was nothing in the tent he could relieve himself into. And, there was no way he was going outside where the snakes were. But, he couldn’t just wet himself. Kenneth and Dwight would notice in the morning if Bryce was damp and smelled strange. He’d had more than enough accidents in front of those two to last him a lifetime. He could wake one of them up and order them to accompany him while he peed, but if he did THAT he would NEVER hear the end of it.

Kenneth would bring it up over and over and over again. Entire empires would fall, the world would change in new, exciting ways. And, through it all, Kenneth would continue to mention the night when Bryce had been so afraid of snakes that he’d begged for a bodyguard so he could pee.

Bryce laid back down, and felt his skin stretching out as it strained to cover his bloated bladder. The overfull organ felt even heavier in his center when he laid on his back, but turning on his side made the liquid it contained slosh and rush against his opening. The hand he’d been trying to use as a cork grew warm and sticky as a jet of liquid sailed through his urethra.

He couldn’t wait…

‘No!’ a little voice in his head screamed. ‘You are NOT going to ask one of those morons for help! No way in Hell! You are behaving like a child, just get out there and piss before you flood yourself!’

Bryce tried to obey, he tried to force himself up and out of the tent. He tried to tell himself the snakes were probably all asleep now too and wouldn’t bother him at all. His bladder muscles ached and burned with the all-consuming need to relax… He HAD to go outside, he just HAD to. He sat up painfully, but instead of unzipping the tent again, he just froze. He kept clutching at himself through the material of his boxers. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to forget that the tent could be opened at all.

‘Hold it,’ he thought. ‘No peeing. You don’t even need to pee. You can’t pee right now, so that means you don’t NEED to pee right now. You just don’t. It’s simple.’ His bladder didn’t think it was simple, though. And it strongly disagreed with every one of his thoughts. It didn’t matter that Bryce was too scared to leave the tent and bring it somewhere that it could be emptied. It still NEEDED to be emptied right that very second. Another leak pulsed through as he continued to insist to himself that he could contain his liquid however long he had to.

When he felt the urine rolling down his legs, and felt a few more dribbles follow quickly after, he whimpered softly. “Nnnhh…”

He couldn’t do it anymore.

He reached the hand he wasn’t trying to turn into a makeshift plug over to Kenneth and slapped him hard in the face, which was the most polite way Bryce knew of to wake someone up.

Kenneth blinked his eyes open, and they instantly filled with fury. “What the HELL, Bryce?!” he hissed out, trying not to wake Dwight as well… Whom he now realized he was wrapped around. Kenneth drew away from his friend, coiling his arms around his own body instead as his face flamed. “I was asleep,” he said. “Just… I didn’t know—“

“Paulson, I need you to come with me.”

“C—Come with you where?” Kenneth asked, there was fear in his voice now. “I was sleeping! I didn’t mean to do that, I promise that I don’t hug Dwight like that normally, just—“

“Paulson, I don’t give one eighth of a dead goat’s last shit about that,” Bryce said. “I want to piss.”

“Congratulations,” Kenneth said. “Go piss. Stop hitting me and let me sleep.”

“I can’t,” Bryce said, his hand squeezing his dick so tight it was starting to get very painful, and he was beginning to wonder if he’d even be able to father a child after this. “The snakes.”

Kenneth said nothing for a moment. Then he let out what could only be described as a guffaw. “Are you serious!?”

“Shhhhh!” Bryce pleaded, but the noise sounded so much like the sound of rushing water that it drew forth another leak from his poor bladder. His control was fraying, it felt like he was clinging to a rickety piece of wood floating through roaring ocean waves during a torrential thunderstorm. “Don’t wake Smith! Accompany me at once, that is an order!”

“Heh, okay,” Kenneth said, still giggling.

Bryce was too relieved that he’d actually agreed to care about the teasing. “Okay, now move,” he commanded.

Kenneth unzipped the tent and stepped out, then yelped. “Oh no! Bryce! There are snakes everywhere! And they have guns!”

“Paulson, I swear to—“ Bryce’s curse was cut off by a heinous jolt from his midsection and a long stream of pee hitting his boxers. He scrambled out of the tent, now clutching himself with both hands. Bryce just stood there, shifting from foot to foot like he was trying to perform a very unusual interpretive dance.

“Well?” Kenneth asked. He’d expected Bryce to run straight to the trees, not just stand there squirming.

“Come on,” Bryce said.

“I have to walk you there?” Kenneth asked. “There aren’t even—“

“NOW!” Bryce barked.

“Okay…” Kenneth said. He took hold of Bryce’s tense arm and led him to a bush. “There you go,” he said. “Knock yourself out. I’m going back to be—“

“No, you aren’t,” Bryce said as he hurriedly lowered the waistband of his damp boxers. “You’re staying right there until I’m done.”

“Bryce, I’m so tired,” Kenneth whined.

“Don’t care,” Bryce informed, fishing himself out and aiming at the bush. A second later a thin, clear jet of pee burst forth and began to puddle between his feet. Instantly, Bryce felt like a massive weight was being lifted off his body, his bladder was spraying away like a pin-hole being poked into a water balloon. “Ahhhh…”

Kenneth flinched at the sound of Bryce’s stream spattering, and much more at his relieved breath. It now felt like the pee he’d had before bed had been too long ago. What could he do now? He didn’t want to wake Dwight up to help him relax again… He hoped that once Bryce’s bladder was empty, his own would settle back down a bit.

Looked like that was going to take a while though. Kenneth knew Bryce must have been having a bit of an emergency if he’d actually asked for help like that, but hearing that hissy gush of his continue for so long just made it more obvious. That and the way Bryce hadn’t been able to stop moaning.

Each of Bryce’s moans seemed to double the pressure in Kenneth’s bladder until he was shifting in place just like Bryce had been doing a few minutes ago. By the time Bryce was finished, Kenneth’s urge was creeping towards critical. He stuffed a hand into his mouth and began to chew.

Bryce tucked himself back into his boxers and turned, his face red and his eyes downcast. “Thank you. We will never speak of this aga—“ He stopped when he noticed Kenneth’s little foot-dance, and the way he was gnawing his knuckles. He knew exactly what that meant. “I’ll… Keep watch for you if you promise not to tell anyone about tonight,” he said.

Kenneth had really, really been looking forward to telling Dwight about this… But, he thought he actually wanted to pee even more than he wanted to tease Bryce. “Fine… But, cover your ears, alright?”

“Of course…” Bryce said. He stood at Kenneth’s back while the latter pulled himself out and aimed. Kenneth was starting to have an easier time going around Bryce, so long as he kept quiet and didn’t tease him, it usually only took a few minutes now. He thought the reason may have been that now he knew Bryce had experienced this awful feeling once, he knew that Bryce understood it. He knew that Bryce wasn’t going to judge him as harshly as he once did when he had trouble getting his stream to begin. Bryce knew how it felt now.

This time, it only took four minutes of deep breathing and thoughts of water for Kenneth to start peeing. His stream trickled into the grass and he stuffed a fist into his mouth to muffle his moan of relief as it pulsed out of him. He was sure Bryce had probably started to feel impatient with how long it was taking Kenneth to get going, but was immensely grateful that he hadn’t voiced it.

‘Wow, look at you,’ Bryce thought but did not say. ‘Peeing in front of me…’

Kenneth finished up with a little shiver a minute later and turned back around. “Okay,” he said. “I’m done.”

Bryce nodded and didn’t say anything. He didn’t say how grateful he was to Kenneth for accompanying him. He didn’t say how relieved he was that Kenneth had managed to go and wouldn’t hurt himself again. He didn’t say how weirdly proud he was of Kenneth for being able to pee in his presence a little quicker than usual tonight.

Kenneth probably already knew those things anyway.

*059*2022-02-21 17:25

Mostly flashbacks in this one...

***

Kenneth was out with his Father. This was a rare occurrence. Usually, Father left Kenneth at home, away from curious eyes that could ask questions. Questions like “Where did all those bruises come from?”

“That boy is awful pale, isn’t he? Doesn’t he go outside?”

“Shouldn’t a little boy like that be more talkative, is he hiding something?”

Father had given Kenneth strict instructions. Head down. Eyes at the ground. Do not speak to anyone. Do not look at anyone. Kenneth wouldn’t have talked to anyone, anyway. Talking to someone would let them know he existed. If someone knew he existed, then that would be an invitation to hurt him.

Father was buying bread. Kenneth had to pee. He really didn’t want to have to pee right now. He knew he was not allowed to pee outside the house. Or inside the house. Or at all. He knew peeing was bad, but he couldn’t figure out how to make himself stop needing to do it.

Back when he still had a Mother, before the night everything got worse, Mother would be very nice to him. She would take him to pee when he needed to go even if Father had said no and that he had to hold it. “For God’s sake,” Mother always said. “You needn’t be so cruel to him.”

“I’m not cruel,” Father always said. “I am teaching the boy discipline, something you have seriously neglected to do.”

Then, Mother and Father would argue, and Kenneth would squirm and fidget from more than just a need to pee. Finally, Mother would stand, take Kenneth’s hand and bring him to the restroom. He’d feel a lot better after that, but not completely. Mother and Father always fought, and most of the time it was about him. He knew if he could just be good, be better, everything would be okay.

But, he didn’t have a Mother anymore. Father had taken her away forever, and that was Kenneth’s fault too. It was his decision to go into their room that night. If he hadn’t done that, Father wouldn’t have gotten his gun to begin with.

Now, Kenneth needed to be quiet. He wasn’t allowed to say things about the night everything got worse. Or about anything at all really, and that included peeing. Which he really, really had to do right now. He saw the door to the shop’s restroom and felt his insides coming unglued. He wanted to go in there. He’d seen other people do it. They were all allowed to pee. Kenneth didn’t understand why it was okay for other people to pee, but when he did it it was bad and wrong.

Father stopped what he was doing for a second. “I have to take a leak, come on,” he said, firmly grabbing Kenneth’s arm and tugging him to the restroom door. This was confusing for Kenneth too. He knew peeing was bad because of his Father, but Father peed all the time. Sometimes he even did it in his sleep whenever he drank too much and got really sleepy in his chair. Kenneth never peed when he was asleep. Sometimes, Father peed on things he wasn’t supposed to, like walls outside or empty bottles if he didn’t want to get up. Kenneth didn’t pee in places he wasn’t supposed to. Well. Sometimes he went in his pants, but that was only because Father didn’t let him use the toilet, and even when Kenneth tried really, really hard, it would come out. If peeing wasn’t bad, if it was something Kenneth was allowed to do, he knew he’d only do it when he was awake, and he’d only do it into a toilet like he was supposed to.

Father had Kenneth stand beside the sink, “What the fuck are you looking at?” Father barked as he started to unbutton his pants.

Kenneth had been looking at the toilet, but he snapped his eyes back down to the floor where they were supposed to be. Even with the toilet out of view, he kept thinking about ways he could misbehave, like by daring to actually relieve himself right here and right now. That was a horrible thing to think about doing, he knew. If Father found out he was daydreaming about that, he’d be in so much trouble! He felt himself tearing up, wondering why he couldn’t just be good.

Kenneth heard Father start to urinate into the bowl, and that made him want to go even more! ‘You don’t need to,’ Kenneth repeated to himself. ‘You don’t need to. You just want to. You just want to. You don’t need to. You don’t—‘

But, Kenneth DID need to. He needed to so much that he felt like he was going to cry for real. When Father finished, Kenneth dared to speak, “F—Father,” he said. “May I… May I… Um… May I please go too?” They were already here, he reasoned. It wouldn’t be wasting time if they were already here!

“No,” Father said dismissively, voice tight. Immediately, he latched his hand onto Kenneth’s arm again and dragged him out of the tiny bathroom, not even allowing Kenneth a second glance at the toilet he needed so badly.

Father bought his bread, then started to lead Kenneth home. Kenneth really, really had to go by then. He was super scared he was going to go pee in his pants. That would be so embarrassing because he was outside and there were people around. And Father would get really angry at him for humiliating him in public like that. He’d yell at Kenneth; “See? This is why I can’t take you anywhere! You’re revolting!” And then when they got home there would be all Hell to pay.

He was having trouble walking and hoped that one of two things would happen; Maybe when they got home, Father would say he could go, or maybe instead this would be the day Kenneth finally figured out how to behave; how to hold it forever and stop needing to pee.

Neither of those things happened though.

What happened instead was that Father poured himself several drinks and ate a couple slices of bread as Kenneth just watched him with pleading, watery eyes. “The fuck do you want?” Father demanded. “Speak.”

“M—May I please… The toilet…” Kenneth begged softly. He had put his hands between his legs now. He knew he wasn’t supposed to do that either. Father said it was dirty and meant he was a disgusting person. But, if Kenneth didn’t put his hands there, it felt like his pee was going to come out, and that would cause even more trouble!

“No,” Father stated once more. “Stop asking me that, and if you don’t move your god damned hands I’m going to cut them off.”

Kenneth jumped and yanked his hands away from his front. He didn’t doubt that Father WOULD cut them off. He’d seen Father do things even worse than that before. The urge to return them to their place built and built as he quivered and danced around, needing so much to pee. His hands started to creep back down on their own, without him noticing.

“Hey!” Father snapped. “What did I just say? Or are you too stupid to understand simple instructions?”

Kenneth realized what he was doing and forced himself to stop. But, his hands didn’t want to listen. They wanted to help him hold it so he wouldn’t have an accident and get punished. His hands were bad, just like he was bad. They had to be punished, just like he had to be punished.

Without thinking he jammed them into his mouth and bit down. It hurt a lot, but it kept them from going back where they weren’t allowed, and it was teaching them a lesson for disobeying Father. He kept chewing on them. He saw Father staring, noticing what he was doing, and hoped that this was not also against the rules.

Father didn’t say anything though, so Kenneth decided it must have been okay.

Kenneth kept holding it and chewing his hands for a very long time. Father just sat in his chair and watched, continuing to drink. The sounds the bottles all made caused Kenneth’s middle to hurt even more and before long he was crying.

“Stop fucking crying,” Father commanded. “There’s no reason for it. None.”

“Father, please—“

“And who the HELL gave you permission to talk!?”

Kenneth flinched, and some of his pee came out then. He knew he messed up real bad now. Talking was not allowed unless Father told him it was time to speak. Father was standing up now, and that was never good. He was taking off his belt, and that was even less good.

As the first blows came, Kenneth’s hands flew from his mouth and he grabbed himself again, clenched his legs together, but it was too late. His pee came out. First a little bit, and then all of it. Father paused what he was doing, staring at the wet spot forming on Kenneth’s pants and the puddle growing beneath him.

“You filthy little bastard!” Father shouted.

And Kenneth knew there would be more hits to come.

***

Kenneth really, really had to pee. And Father had not had very much to drink yet today, which usually meant he wouldn’t act so mean and strange. He’d only had three bottles and was only stumbling a little bit. The words he said were mostly clear, too. Maybe that meant Kenneth could go?

He raised his left hand up like he was supposed to when he wanted permission to talk.

“Speak,” Father prompted.

“M—May I please use the toilet, Father? Please?”

Father groaned, “I guess so.” He grabbed Kenneth roughly and led him down the hall. Kenneth knew Father was going to stay and supervise, even if he couldn’t understand why. He just hoped that new, weird, scary thing didn’t happen to him again today. But, he REALLY needed to go, so he doubted it would.

Father shoved Kenneth in front of the toilet, then stood behind him, breathing heavily as Kenneth lifted the lid and unbuttoned his pants. The sound of Father breathing so loud made Kenneth’s hair stand on end and his bladder shudder.

“Go,” Father prompted. “You have two minutes, and I swear to God if you don’t fucking go, I’ll make it so you can’t sit down for a week.”

Kenneth already couldn’t sit down without it hurting. He couldn’t remember ever being able to sit down without it hurting.

He did think he could probably finish in under two minutes though. He did really have to go pee, but two minutes was a long time!

Except… The new, weird, scary thing happened again.

He told himself to pee, except he didn’t pee. He couldn’t pee. Even though he really, really NEEDED to pee.

Father was behind him, drumming his fingertips impatiently agains the wall, producing a loud sound that made Kenneth feel on edge and uncomfortable. “Hurry up,” Father said. Then, louder “HURRY UP.”

Kenneth tried. But, he felt so scared inside, he couldn’t understand what was happening. Why wouldn’t it just come out? And when Father shouted, the tightness he felt within grew more and more constricting! He started to cry, wishing it was that easy to get liquid to come out of him in other ways.

“Oh, for fuck’s sake!” Father snapped. “Time’s up! I can’t believe this shit!”

Kenneth tried to stammer an apology, say he was sorry and that he really had tried and he really did have to go!

But, Father was already taking off his belt, and he didn’t give Kenneth permission to speak.

***

Kenneth had a friend now. And a little while ago, he’d told his friend about the weird, scary thing. His friend didn’t get mad at him for it like Father did. His friend wanted to make it better, not worse. His friend didn’t say Kenneth was bad for needing to pee, or that he was broken because it was hard for him to do it. Kenneth loved his friend.

But, some people thought he shouldn’t have.

He heard one of the nuns in charge of the orphanage where Dwight lived talking to Dwight one day. “You cannot have that boy spend the night in bed with you,” she said. “It’s not normal.”

“Why isn’t it normal?” Dwight asked. “There aren’t any extra beds.”

“Well… It’s… Oh, mercy… It’s like this; you see… That’s the sort of thing that’s only supposed to happen between a boy and a girl.”

“Why can’t—“

“I know what you’re going to ask, and it’s because it’s not natural. You don’t see snails and beetles together. You don’t see lemons growing on apple trees. It’s just not natural. And two boys, or two girls… That’s just not the way people were made to be, understand?”

So, Kenneth was bad again. He was bad because he loved Dwight. And, he’d gone and made Dwight bad too. And, since Dwight was the only person who said it was okay to pee, Kenneth knew once more that peeing was very bad, too.

Kenneth slept on the floor when he spent the night at Dwight’s home after that. It was less comfortable, so much colder, and not just in terms of temperature. But, Kenneth wanted to be good, and he wanted to make sure Dwight stayed good too.

Some of those nights, Kenneth would have to pee. Normally, Dwight would wake when Kenneth began to squirm and immediately help him go. But, now that they couldn’t share the bed, that didn’t happen, and Kenneth didn’t want to wake him up. So, Kenneth would try and go by himself, but it never worked. He’d hold it until morning, unable to sleep through his discomfort.

“Kenneth, it’s okay,” Dwight always said. “You can get me up if you need me.”

“But, it’s— I shouldn’t need this…”

“If I’ve got to do this for you for the rest of our lives, I still won’t care.”

Kenneth’s eyes welled up, not purely from the promise of continued help, but from the other thing Dwight’s statement implied; That they would stay friends for as long as they lived.

***

They were all grown up and in training now. Kenneth didn’t call it the weird, scary thing anymore. Now it was just The Problem. That’s all it was. Kenneth’s Problem. So much easier to say than ‘Kenneth cannot pee’.

Both he and Dwight knew that The Problem would be an even bigger one now. There was unlikely to be sufficient privacy a lot of the time. Neither of them breathed a word of The Problem to anyone else, they didn’t need to know about it. Even when their superiors demanded to know where they disappeared to three times a day, why Kenneth was so averse to obeying the hydration regimen, why Kenneth never lined up with the others when it was time for a restroom break.

That was how they were managing The Problem. Kenneth tried to avoid following the hydration rules— One large bottle of water per hour! Kenneth tried to avoid having to line up alongside the others to pee— What if someone noticed he wasn’t going, that he was just standing there with his zipper down? And, three times a day, Dwight would take Kenneth into the woods surrounding the training camp, and gently coax his bladder into a state of relaxation.

It didn’t always work though. There were painful days where they were made to leave their tent and begin carrying out their tasks immediately, making Kenneth miss his morning pee and necessitating that he hold it all inside of himself until at least mid-day. Kenneth always made it— If only because he physically couldn’t pee his pants with so many witnesses— but, wow did it hurt!

They eventually left training behind, luckily with none the wiser about The Problem.

***

Kenneth had been working for a while now, and more people knew about The Problem. It was hard to keep it a secret anymore, not after it had threatened his health and made him fall ill on two occasions. Bryce, his superior, knew about it and he was nice about it. Elizabeth, a medic, also knew about it and had assisted him when it had made him sick. Dwight was still there, and he always would be. He was a constant in Kenneth’s life.

But, he was realizing that so too was The Problem. Kenneth had allowed himself to hope a few times that The Problem may one day go away, that he’d eventually be able to relieve himself whenever he needed to, with no struggle at all. But, that was an empty wish by this point. It had been so many years since he’d last successfully urinated without at least one minute of begging his body to cooperate and let it happen.

He hated The Problem, but it was here to stay. It was a part of him. Just like his big eyes and short stature, it was something that he did not have the power to change.

*060*2022-02-22 17:42

This one has a more explicit scene at the end, feel free to skip if you're not into it. (Although, I have a feeling a lot of people have been waiting for this.)

***

The professional looking man glanced down at Kenneth’s knotted legs. “Sir, present yourself with some dignity,” he ordered. “Stop violating behavioral regulations.”

Confused, Kenneth tried to untwist his legs, at the same time struggling to remember where he was and what was going on. It was hard to remember anything when his bladder was as full as it was, however. He could not stop tapping his feet or rubbing his ankles together. He did not recognize the building he was in, nor could he recognize the man speaking to him. “Sir? I don’t understand, what is going o—“

“Mr. Paulson,” the man said. “The only thing you need to understand right now is the law, and the fact you are breaking it.”

How did this guy know his name? Kenneth had never seen this guy before in his life! His knees knocked together with sheer need. “E—Excuse me, please, I must… I must take care of someth—“

“I know,” the man said. “And, I’ve explained this to you several times; You have still failed to qualify for a permit that would allow for unsupervised voiding. You may only relieve yourself in approved government urination centers while under the surveillance of a qualified professional.”

“What the Hell are you talking about?” Kenneth demanded. None of this made any sense. What in the world kind of ‘permit’ was this guy blathering on about? His bladder was so ridiculously full he could barely process each new piece of incomprehensible information. All he could process was the horrid, straining balloon of liquid that had roosted itself parasitically within his midsection. “Sir, may I—“

“No,” the man interrupted. “And uncross your legs right now!”

Kenneth hadn’t even realized they’d crossed back together… “Please? I… I need to… To attend to something. Pressing.”

“You have to piss!” the man said loudly. “For the love of God, just say it. Stop dancing around the subject— And stop dancing around my office while you’re at it— And behave like an adult!”

Kenneth tried to force himself to be still. His urethra throbbed with a sharp, bright point of pain, so much pressure it made him want to cry. “I don’t understand. Where am I?”

“You’re in a urination center,” the man stated dryly, like he thought Kenneth was the most oblivious, and most idiotic person he’d ever come across. “You were brought in earlier after you were reported for attempting to void into a bottle in a private room, like an uncontrollable swine.”

Kenneth felt heat rising in his chest from the insult, but his anger still was not enough to outweigh his confusion. And neither of those were near enough to outweigh his desperation. “What are you talking about? I have the right to—“

“No, you don’t,” the man interrupted. “Urination and privacy are not rights, they are privileges. Privileges which you have yet to earn. Your lack of self discipline is utterly disgraceful. The rules are simple; You have two designated times per day during which you may void; 7:30AM and 8:30PM. At those times, you are to report to a urination center, where you will have five minutes in which to relieve yourself while under the supervision of a professional. Do you understand that?”

“No,” Kenneth answered truthfully. “That’s— That’s insane. I can’t go around people, and I— I can’t hold—“

“Being unable to hold it in, or being unable to release while in another’s presence, are not excuses for breaking the law. These are your own personal failings, and they do not grant you additional rights.”

“But, I don’t— Where am I?”

“A urination center!” The man exclaimed. “Christ! How many times do I have to say that to you? The law is very clear that a need does not equal a right. Just because you need to void, and just because you need solitude to do so… Neither of those mean you are permitted to relieve yourself in privacy whenever you so desire. You are very lucky that I haven’t revoked your voiding permit altogether after this stunt; I could easily insert a plug inside of you and keep filling you until you explode. In fact, that’s what I should be doing, seeing as it’s the usual punishment for such flagrant violations of the law. However, since I’m nice, and this is your first offense, I’ll let you off with a warning.”

Kenneth shuddered, a bolt of urgency working its way through his body. He was feeling genuine fear now; Apparently, he’d been transported to some kind of horrific alternate universe where everyone had to pee on a very precise schedule, and had to do so while being watched! When the man got to the part about the plug— Just the thought of having something put… there made Kenneth’s heart pound almost as much as his bladder still was! He had to find some way out of this place… But, he couldn’t think when he needed to pee this badly!

Perhaps, in this universe, Dwight was one of those ‘professionals’ the man kept mentioning? Sure, he wouldn’t be the real Dwight that Kenneth knew, but maybe he’d be similar enough that Kenneth could go in front of him? Then, after that, he could try and figure out what was happening to him and how to get away from here.

The man looked to the clock, “It’s 8:30,” he announced. “Time for your break, follow me.”

Kenneth warily hobbled after the man. Every step caused the tip of his cock to sting violently with irritation. Every step made it feel like he was being clobbered in the bladder. Every step resulted in tears pricking at the backs of his eyes, and it took a lot of restraint to keep them from falling.

When Kenneth realized that this strange man was the ‘professional’ he was supposed to relieve himself in front of, his fear worsened. His heart sank until it was digging against his quivering, swollen bladder. He knew he wouldn’t be able to go under these conditions.

Painful bolts of need shot through his body when he was finally brought to a urinal… But, then everything else about his surroundings registered. Not only was that strange man going to watch him the whole time, there was also a huge camera mounted onto the urinal aimed directly at where Kenneth’s dick would be once he’d pulled it out. And on top of that, there was a big window above the urinal, through which Kenneth could see it was unusually bright for 8:30 in the evening, and tons of people were walking about in front of it.

“You may go,” the strange man prompted.

Kenneth unzipped, desperate to try and get at least a little bit of release. But, he couldn’t. He felt more anxious than he’d ever felt in his life. He was trembling and shaking all over, cold sweat running in buckets down his back. His heart was racing, pulse pounding, he felt almost like he was going to hyperventilate. And, on top of all that, he just had to pee, so, so bad… He felt like he had a ticking time-bomb in his middle, and that it was only a matter of time before it tore through his skin and destroyed him.

“Go,” the strange man commanded. “This is the fifteenth time you have failed to perform. Perhaps I really should put a plug in you, maybe that’ll teach you.”

Kenneth already felt like he had a plug inside him… This was a nightmare!

Wait.

Duh.

This really WAS literally a nightmare. No way was any of this deranged bullshit real, no way had he fallen into a crude alternate dimension specifically tailored to torture his bladder. This was just a nightmare, all he had to do was wake himself up from it.

He reached a hand down and pinched his outer thigh. He did this as hard as he could, but still found himself trapped in this place. ‘Come on, Paulson…’ he thought. ‘Just wake up. That’s all you gotta do.’ Everything else faded away as he concentrated on forcing his body to wake itself up and free him from this Hell. He pinched himself in the arm, then smacked his own face.

Then, he woke up. Finally. He was in his room at the barrack Dwight was snoring like crazy just a few steps away. No more weird pissing rules. No more super public urinals… He was safe.

But, he realized that during his sleep, his hands had migrated between his legs and were now squeezing the living daylights out of his cock. His legs were so tangled and twisted up in his sheets that he thought it may take a minute to get himself unwrapped from them. His bladder, though… Oh, God, his bladder… It was searing inside him, and when he sat up, he felt what must have been a gallon of piss slosh down against his opening. His hands clenched tighter, but a loud hiss of pee soaked into his pajama bottoms anyway. He looked down at himself, could see that his shirt had ridden up a little and that his abdomen was protruding outward painfully. He’d gotten desperate enough that his bladder bulged several times, but he’d never seen his own body quite this swollen before. It kind of freaked him out.

Well. That explained the subject matter of his dream, anyway.

Instantly, he remembered key details from before he’d gone to bed. He’d gotten his hands on more of that super tasty soda, and in spite of promising to himself to never over-indulge again… He was only so strong. Eight cans down the hatch, a quick pee a few minutes later— Nowhere near enough time for any of the soda to go through him— and then right to bed.

All that soda had processed now. He felt every last sip coming back to haunt him with a vengeance. He looked across the room to the door that led to his salvation. It was a very short walk, but he knew he’d have to make it as quickly as possible to avoid disaster. He tried to move one of his feet in order to stand up… And the instant he untangled it from its companion, another spurt shot into his clenched hands.

He tried to steady himself, tried to stand once more, but when his foot touched the ground, he was peeing. “Ahhh!” he cried out. “D—Dwight!” He whispered harshly. Then, a little louder. “Dwight!”

Dwight’s eyes popped open, “Is something wrong!?” he asked in a panic, rushing over to Kenneth’s bed. “Are you oka—“

“Dwight, I have to pee so bad!” Kenneth whispered in a sharp hiss.

Dwight stared at him for a second. “You woke me up for— The restroom is right over—“

“I can’t move,” Kenneth said. “I can’t get up, or else…” His face tinted, dreading what he was about to say. “Or else it… comes out.”

“Oh…” Dwight’s eyes trailed down Kenneth’s body then, resting on the obvious protrusion in his center. “Jeez… I told you to take it easy on the soda, Kenneth…”

“I know, I should have listened!” Kenneth whined as he writhed. “I— I order you to find me a solution at once!”

Dwight sighed. He was GOING to do that anyway, he didn’t need to be ‘ordered’ to help his friend… “Okay, just… Hold tight for a minute, alright? Just one more minute.” He looked around, finding the answer quickly. He took a few canteens out from under his bed, knowing full-well that Kenneth was gonna end up needing quite a few of them in order to empty himself out completely. Dwight unscrewed the caps on all of them before returning to his friend. “Move your hands,” he said.

“I can’t—“

“You have to, it’s just a second, and then you’ll be okay.”

Kenneth reluctantly released his hold on his dripping penis, raising them to his mouth so he could chew on his knuckles instead while he scrunched his eyes shut. Then, he felt Dwight tug his pajama bottoms down a little bit. “Uh~m… I’m… Is it okay to touch you?” Kenneth was weird about physical contact, Dwight was about the only person he was okay with being touched by at all, still this was a little… different.

“Yes!” Kenneth said. Then, he felt Dwight’s hand take hold of his soft, leaky member, before pulling it from the confines of his pajamas. Then, he felt his tip make contact with the opening of the canteen. “Now!?” he pleaded eagerly.

“Ye—“

Before Dwight had gotten the entire word out, liquid was spouting into the canteen. “Ahhhh…” Kenneth sighed aloud. Memories of his nightmare came back to him as his body shuddered with the pleasure of his release. So, he couldn’t’ pee in a dream with some weird guy watching him, but he COULD pee in real life with his best friend holding his cock. Having a shy bladder really confused him sometimes, but he couldn’t think too hard about it right now.

He couldn’t think too hard about much of anything right now. This felt too good for him to be able to use his brain. His mind just kind of… stopped working, the only thing he could comprehend was “Pee feels good…” He kept sighing and shaking, his body was heating and cooling in rapid succession. There was this intense, tender and raw feeling that was leaving him weak.

Eventually, he felt Dwight quickly swap out for a new canteen, obviously trying to do it so fast that Kenneth wouldn’t need to try and pause his release. Kenneth didn’t think he could make himself stop for a second if he even tried, he felt a total lack of control over anything his body was doing. He felt so sensitive, so light, so floaty… Just. So, so good… His liquids just kept pouring and pouring and he had no idea how it was even possible for something to feel this amazing.

He felt another swap take place, and finally opened his eyes as he felt his stream start to wind down a little. He noticed then that Dwight’s face had a fierce blush, his eyes were big and watery, pupils ginormous. Now that some of the relief was clearing and a bit of his brain-power was able to return, the full reality of his current position really started setting in. ‘Dwight’s… Holding my… Thing. While I…’

He became very, very aware of how Dwight’s hand on his cock felt. Dwight had such a soft hand… and it had such a light, careful grip on his member. His penis was already the epicenter for all the pleasure Kenneth was feeling, but now that he was paying closer attention to Dwight’s touch, gently holding it as relief gushed from its tip and left it totally raw and sensitive… Kenneth felt some heat beginning to build.

Then, as the last drips of pee seeped into the canteen, and Kenneth moaned once more with relief, his body tender and completely overstimulated… He was… He was hard. He was hard as a rock. “Ah!” He cried out, trying to shield himself. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry! That wasn’t supposed to happen! I didn’t mean t—“

“It’s okay,” Dwight said, raising a hand. “Not the first time I’ve seen that, it’s okay.”

“But… Not when I was—“

“It’s fine,” Dwight said. “Um… Do you… I mean… Do you maybe want… some more help?”

“You… Want to… do… THAT stuff again?” Kenneth asked.

“Y—Yeah, um… To make you feel better,” Dwight said. “We don’t have to! Just… If you want to…Lay down, under the sheets,” Dwight said.

“I’d… Um. I’d like to,” Kenneth said. “Do you want to?”

“…Yes,” Dwight admitted. “A lot…”

Kenneth got under the sheets like Dwight had asked, and Dwight climbed in beside him. Heat flooded Kenneth’s chest at the sensation of the warm body next to his own. Dwight reached a hand down between them and lightly stroked Kenneth’s cock, making him shudder. Kenneth was so over-stimulated after so much desperation and mind-breaking relief, that just the smallest touch provided him with intense ecstasy. The knowledge that it was Dwight doing this to him just made this all feel that much better. Dwight was touching him, Dwight was so close to him, a part of him… Every stroke brought forth a new wave of pleasure, drew out feelings and emotions Kenneth hadn’t even known he could experience.

The feelings were all so, so good, but at the same time they were confusing. These things that happened in his chest and in his brain when Dwight held him, or smiled at him. The things Kenneth thought, the warmth that ricocheted through him when he saw Dwight with his shirt off, or when the two of them leaned in close to each other for just a few seconds longer than was necessary… Kenneth never felt this way from anything else, from anyone else.

When he was a teenager, he had sometimes heard other boys his age talking about girls, or about masturbation, usually in a joking way. Kenneth had even looked at some dirty photographs that his Father had in his desk a couple times. But, he could never figure out what was meant to be exciting about them. He didn’t know the people in the images, for all he knew they were assholes, or terribly annoying, or just altogether unpleasant to be around. He did not understand what enjoyment he was supposed to get from looking at the naked bodies of women that were strangers to him and could not figure out why anyone else would be so fascinated by them.

Still, he’d hidden one of the photographs with his things and some nights after Father had passed out, Kenneth would take the photo out and try touching himself while he gazed at it, looking at the two nude women. Nothing ever really happened… Which was confusing, as he was sure this was what he was supposed to do. Sometimes he’d start to stiffen from the stimulation, and it didn’t feel… bad, exactly, but it didn’t feel that good either. It just felt like something was missing.

The naked torso of a man was also visible in the photograph, he knew that there were men who… fancied other men in that way. It wasn’t spoken about, it was just such an awful thing for someone to have wrong with them that it wasn’t brought up in conversation. Kenneth dreaded the thought that he could be that way, and was almost relieved when switching his attention to the man in the photo brought him no more excitement than the women had. Still, he just felt like something was missing.

He never managed to ‘finish’ during any of these clumsy, early explorations of his body. The dirty photograph did nothing to help him achieve that, and aside from the occasional wet dream, Kenneth never climaxed. Kenneth would wake feeling sticky and gross, and with no memory of what exactly had transpired in his dream to prompt this reaction.

One night, unable to sleep, Kenneth tried once more to pleasure himself. He did not bother with the photograph this time, since it had proved itself useless. Instead, he closed his eyes and tried to imagine something. His mind wandered, recounting the days events, how he’d had a long discussion with Dwight that had gotten a tad emotional, and how in the end Dwight had held onto him, and Kenneth had held onto Dwight, and they’d just sat together like that in silence.

Dwight had been so warm…

Kenneth wondered if Dwight ever touched himself like this. He probably did, Kenneth reasoned. And he was probably a whole lot better at it than Kenneth was. What did Dwight think about while doing it? Kenneth pictured Dwight needfully caressing his shaft, his eyes shut, his forehead sweaty… And then Kenneth felt something new. A second later, he was no longer imagining Dwight stroking his own cock, but Kenneth’s instead. Dwight was breathlessly asking Kenneth if he felt good. Why was Dwight breathless? Why were his eyes going so glassy? Oh, because Kenneth was massaging HIS cock… They were touching each other everywhere, their skin lighting in flame, sweat running down their bare backs…

And, picturing all this clearly in his head, Kenneth finally climaxed. As the ecstasy faded, confusion and fear took its place. What did this mean? Did it mean he liked men? Then why hadn’t the man in the photograph ever excited him? Why hadn’t any of the other men he’d ever seen in his life ever been interesting in that way? Why only Dwight?

The confusion was still there after the first time he and Dwight had made Kenneth’s fantasy come true. And, it was still here now when they were doing it again. Kenneth felt so good, he loved knowing that the hand on his cock right now belonged to Dwight, the fact that it belonged to Dwight mattered more to Kenneth than anything else about the situation. Dwight was touching him, and Kenneth had never had any desire for anyone else to do the same.

Kenneth’s quivering and twitching was enough to cause Dwight’s own cock to stiffen. It was no question which of the two of them was more domineering, which was the leader, which was in charge. But here, just like when he helped Kenneth urinate, Dwight had all the control. He could turn Kenneth into mush just with a few light touches. He saw Kenneth’s eyelids fluttering as he squeezed the base of his cock, massaging his flesh. The sounds that came from Kenneth’s mouth were primal, needy and absolutely melodic to Dwight’s ears.

It didn’t take long, Kenneth’s body had been through so much that night that it took very little to send him over the edge. He ejaculated hard, jets of semen shooting against Dwight’s pant-legs and seeping into the sheets. For a fleeting second, Kenneth registered that even if he’d woken himself out of that dream, he hadn’t actually saved himself from ‘wetting’ his bed… He ground his teeth to keep from moaning too loudly, but couldn’t stop the whimpers from bubbling up in the back of his throat.

“You like that?” Dwight asked softly. “Did that feel—“

Kenneth pulled back the covers a little, eagerly tugging down Dwight’s pants, and a second later Dwight moaned as Kenneth took his length into his mouth. Kenneth sucked the head, tongue licking over the sensitive flesh. Dwight made needy, choked off sounds as Kenneth’s tongue worked its magic. Kenneth could be so… aggressive at times that Dwight wasn’t TOO surprised to feel Kenneth lightly dragging his teeth up his shaft. Dwight felt alarmed at first, certain that pain was going to flare up any second now, but it didn’t. It felt… really, really good. It was such a light touch that it made Dwight feel tingly.

Kenneth had never done this before. The other time they’d fooled around like this, Dwight had sucked him off, but Kenneth hadn’t had the chance to return the favor. He was surprised that he liked this so much. Dwight tasted amazing, which was something he hadn’t expected at all. And, hearing and feeling the amount of pleasure Dwight was deriving from this was almost enough to get Kenneth hard all over again. Kenneth had been worried he’d be bad at this, but Dwight seemed to think he was doing a great job if those noises he was making were anything to go by.

Kenneth realized his teeth were ending up where he hadn’t intended them to and made himself stop. “Am I hurting you?” he felt stupid asking, since none of the sounds Dwight was making indicated pain…

“No,” Dwight whimpered needfully. “Don’t stop now, I’m so—“

Kenneth went back to what he’d been doing. He worked what he couldn’t fit inside his mouth with his hand. He felt Dwight’s cock throb, leaking precome onto his tongue. Kenneth swallowed around him, and that was it; Dwight came hard into Kenneth’s mouth. “Ah, God!” Dwight exclaimed. “I’m sorry! I should have warned you!”

Kenneth sat up and did nothing for a second, unsure of what was actually expected of him now. He knew he had to get rid of it, so swallowed it down, some spilling down his chin. It didn’t taste… Bad, or anything. Just, that really wasn’t something he was used to doing. And he worried that that wasn’t what he was supposed to have done.

“Did you…?”

Kenneth nodded, red-faced. “Should I not have?”

“It’s fine,” Dwight said with a blush. “Just surprised is all.”

Kenneth looked away. ‘Dwight is cute when he blushes…’ he thought. And then, he thought he may have understood what had been missing all those years ago when he’d tried to pleasure himself to a photograph of nude strangers. He hadn’t known those people. He’d felt nothing for them. But, he felt everything in the world for Dwight. He felt warmth, happiness, companionship… He felt like Dwight was the one thing he could never live without, and that no day could be completely horrible so long as he got to end it with Dwight beside him. He felt…

This… This was what love was, wasn’t it? That was what Kenneth had needed…

“D…Dwight?” Kenneth said. He’d always thought he and Dwight loved each other, but as friends, but this… wasn’t really what ‘friends’ was, was it?

“Hm?” Dwight asked.

“I… I think I…” Kenneth looked away. “I… Might… I—“

“I know, Kenneth,” Dwight said. “And I think I love you, too. More than anything.”

*061*2022-02-23 17:11

The next morning, Dwight woke with Kenneth’s arms possessively wrapped around him. Glancing down he saw small marks dented into his chest where Kenneth had dug his nail in as if to lay claim to him. Dwight did not feel the slightest bit perturbed that Kenneth had marked him up like this, the idea that Kenneth wanted to express ‘ownership’ of him made him feel good.

What didn’t feel good at the moment, though, was Dwight’s bladder. He needed his morning piss and he needed it now. As much as he wished he could stay cuddled up with Kenneth forever, he knew it was impossible. He’d pee his pants eventually, for one. And, more importantly, if they were found this way— only partially clothed and snuggled in bed together… Dwight didn’t even want to THINK about what would happen to them.

Of course, Kenneth was always hard to rouse from sleep, and Dwight knew he was going to have a hard time getting it done. He did know the alarm would be going off pretty soon, and that Kenneth seldom managed to sleep through that… But, Kenneth’s tight embrace was also putting a lot of pressure onto Dwight’s already uncomfortable bladder. “Kenneth,” Dwight said loudly. “Up.”

Kenneth didn’t move.

Dwight squirmed and fidgeted in his place, both from discomfort and in an attempt to get Kenneth to wake up.

Slowly, Kenneth’s eyes started to draw open. When he realized his current position, he suddenly appeared to be filled by a burst of energy. He sat up quickly and wrapped his arms around himself instead. “O—Oh!”

Dwight tried not to frown at this. Kenneth really didn’t have to act like touching Dwight had burned him, did he?

“S—So, last night wasn’t a dream?” Kenneth asked.

Dwight shook his head. Was Kenneth saying he dreamed about the two of them getting intimate often? “It was real.”

Dwight wasn’t really sure what he expected Kenneth’s response to be, but jumping out of bed and shouting a quick “Okay!” wasn’t it.

“It wasn’t bad, was it?” Dwight asked, his need to urinate temporarily forgotten as he worried Kenneth hadn’t actually enjoyed the night’s activities after all and that things were going to be weird between them now.

“N—Nope,” Kenneth said, his voice abnormally high. “It wasn’t bad.” He just stood there for a moment, trying to look anywhere but at Dwight. “Oh, I need to get dressed!” he decided, hurriedly getting his clothes and rushing into the restroom.

This dismayed Dwight for several reasons. First, he didn’t really like how Kenneth seemed to want to ignore everything that had happened last night— That’s what he’d done the first time, and Dwight had been really hopeful that now that it had happened again and Kenneth had basically told him he loved him, things would be different. Second, he’d also allowed himself to hope that after everything, Kenneth would be a little less bashful around him. Dwight got dressed and undressed out in the open when he and Kenneth were the only people in the room all the time— And he’d never managed to miss the way Kenneth stared; He always tried to pretend he wasn’t, but Dwight could tell. He’d been hoping Kenneth was going to be comfortable doing the same now.

Third, Dwight still really needed to pee and now Kenneth had locked the door to the toilet. Dwight stood outside the door, shifting from foot to foot and silently urging Kenneth to hurry up. When he heard the seat of the toilet being lifted followed by the muffled sound of trickling liquid and a small sigh from his friend’s lips, Dwight crossed his legs and leaned into the wall for support.

A few minutes later, Kenneth came back out wearing his uniform. Dwight loved the way Kenneth looked in his uniform. He could still remember the first time he saw him wearing it. The way the material made his shoulders appear broader, the added height the boots gave him, and the general air of authority it drenched him in had made Dwight see Kenneth in a way he hadn’t before. Looking back, he knew he’d been… attracted to Kenneth for a long time, at least since they were thirteen and Dwight suddenly became aware of the funny way his chest felt whenever Kenneth touched him in any way. But, seeing him in his uniform for the first time… Dwight had needed to work very hard not to show any outward signs of what he thought about it.

He thought that, by now, after seeing Kenneth in uniform all the time for so long, the effect ought to have worn off. But, it hadn’t. And, after last night, it was stronger than ever. “Um… Are we going to… Talk about it?” he asked.

“What is there to talk about?” Kenneth responded, a blush spreading across his face.

“Last night,” Dwight said. “Did… I mean, did you like it?”

“I did,” Kenneth said. “But, we cannot… Do things like that often. I don’t know what I was thinking, I—“

“So, it was a mistake?”

“N—No!” Kenneth said quickly and sharply. “Just… You know how dangerous it would be. If someone found out…”

“I… Know,” Dwight said, rocking back and forth on his heels.

“And… Talking about it very much, that’s dangerous too. Someone could overhear.”

Dwight just nodded. “But, I—“

“Dwight, I… Um… I…Have… ‘Those feelings’ for you,” Kenneth said. “You are the only person I think I could ever… Feel… warmly… towards. But, outside of this room, none of ‘that’ exists, okay? And we really shouldn’t be doing things like that, it’s… It’s too—“

“Dangerous,” Dwight repeated. “I know.” He knew Kenneth was right, even if he didn’t like it. And he also knew that ‘I feel warmly towards you’ was probably the closest thing to an ‘I love you’ he was going to get out of Kenneth for now.

When Dwight arrived at his post for the day, he discovered that his supervisor was Elizabeth since Bryce was unwell. This would be her first time supervising, and she was nervous. Normally, Dwight didn’t mind the boredom of standing around all day too much, but today he couldn’t stop thinking about how much he’d rather be snuggled up in bed with Kenneth instead. He settled into his position, and after only a few minutes he suddenly remembered his earlier need for the toilet, and how he’d gotten so caught up talking to Kenneth that he’d neglected to tend to it.

Ordinarily, needing to go while working wasn’t a big deal, he’d just turn around, unzip and relieve himself where he was. No problem. But, ordinarily, his supervisor was another man, not Elizabeth. He couldn’t expose himself and urinate while a woman watched him, that just seemed wrong. Elizabeth was trying to strike up a conversation with him, and Dwight decided to go along with it, hoping it may distract him from his urge. But, he hadn’t emptied his bladder since yesterday evening and he knew his chances of making it to the end of his shift dry were slim. That would require him holding it for nearly 24 hours!

Elizabeth, enjoying the opportunity to socialize outside of the medical building, kept asking Dwight all manner of questions. Dwight responded to them as best he could, his knees continually pinching inwards to rub up against each other. He knew he was being silly, all he had to do was ask her to turn around for a minute and he’d be free to go, but he ran into the problem of not really knowing what to say to her. If Bryce were supervising him, he knew he’d be able to say “Bryce, I need to take a leak now, alright?” and sure Bryce would probably roll his eyes at Dwight’s lack of restraint over his body, but he wouldn’t be bothered by it.

But, Dwight knew that with women there was specific etiquette he was supposed to follow. He was supposed to be more cordial and polite when speaking to a woman than he was speaking to another man. Dwight was terrible at talking to women, Bryce often scolded him for using vulgar phrasing if a woman was within earshot. “That is completely improper behavior, Smith!” Bryce would shout if Dwight happened to make an off-color joke in mixed company.

Dwight was sure the phrase “I need to take a leak now!” would be seen as very vulgar. As would “I have to piss!” or “I’ve got to pee!” He didn’t want to make Elizabeth uncomfortable by crassly announcing his desire to empty his bladder. He knew there were more polite ways to inform her of his need, but after spending so much time in the company of other men, he couldn’t really remember any.

‘Kenneth says he just has to relieve himself a lot,’ Dwight thought as he clenched his thighs together at another painful spasm. ‘That’s more polite, isn’t it?’ Dwight was pretty sure it was, but then he recalled an incident where Kenneth had quietly whispered that into his ear while they were at a restaurant, and Bryce had overheard. Bryce scolded Kenneth, telling him not to talk about his bodily functions where the waitresses could hear. “Have you no shame?”

Kenneth had turned so red after that, and he’d been so embarrassed by Bryce calling him out that it had taken Dwight nearly ten minutes to soothe him enough so that he could urinate in the restroom. So, Dwight decided that even something like ‘I have to relieve myself’ was too tasteless to vocalize around women.

Elizabeth kept trying to talk to Dwight. She’d asked him if he still had any pains in the areas where he’d been shot previously. She’d asked him how Kenneth was doing— Which had caused him to blush for some reason.

Dwight jiggled one leg as he tried to lean most of his weight onto the other. “He’s fine,” Dwight said. At least Elizabeth was asking him easy questions, nothing that required much thought. Dwight had to pee so badly it was nigh impossible to think of anything else. Luckily, Dwight knew pretty much everything about Kenneth.

“His…” Elizabeth lowered her voice. “His… ‘issue’? The one he got the infection from? Is that… Improving at all?”

Dwight rocked back and forth on his heels. He knew Kenneth wouldn’t be too happy if he found out he was discussing his pee shyness with Elizabeth without him there. “It kind of varies, but that’s not really my place to say. I have been helping him though.”

Elizabeth nodded. She knew she should have been asking Kenneth about this instead of Dwight. It was HIS problem, after all. She changed the topic, instead asking Dwight about books he liked. Dwight responded to everything she said, but he seemed distracted by something. Since this was her first time supervising, she didn’t know if she should reprimand a guard if he got too… antsy. She knew they were supposed to stand still, and Dwight wasn’t doing that at all right now.

Dwight couldn’t stand still even if someone put a gun to his head and ordered him to. If he leaned onto one foot for too long, he’d feel pee beginning to trickle its way down his shaft. But then, if he shifted his position too quickly, his bladder would shake enough that he’d lose a few spurts into his boxers. His hands, which he dared not stick between his legs like he longed to, continually pulled at his belt as he tried to prevent it from squeezing his bladder too roughly.

‘Oh my God, I have to go!’ he thought. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten to pee before leaving the barrack. He’d already been so desperate for relief then! How could it have slipped his mind when he KNEW that he needed it so much? He tried again to think of a proper way to tell Elizabeth that his bladder was full to bursting and that if he didn’t whip it out and spray the dirt with piss soon he’d explode and everything in a fifty mile radius would get covered in pee.

He was pretty sure that THAT statement wouldn’t be proper at all, even if it WAS an accurate description of how he was feeling.

He thought back to the night he first met Kenneth. Kenneth had been trudging through the snow after his Father had thrown him out of the house. Dwight had bumped into him and, fearing the other boy would freeze to death, brought him inside to warm up. Kenneth fell asleep on the floor pretty quickly. When morning came and he was still there, Dwight wanted to be a good host so asked if he needed anything.

Kenneth, whom Dwight realized was shaking almost as much as he’d been when still stuck out in the cold, started to stutter. “I… Um… I need to… Uh… I need to pass water.”

This had confused Dwight a lot at first, he’d never heard anyone say that before in his life. But, when he noticed how tightly crossed the other boy’s shaking legs were, he figured out what it must have meant and showed Kenneth where the toilet was. Looking back, the surprise on Kenneth’s face when Dwight informed him that he could just… go use it, that he didn’t need to ask anyone’s permission, that he wouldn’t be in trouble for peeing when he obviously really had to go, should have been a bigger sign to Dwight that something was wrong at his new friend’s home.

Kenneth later explained to Dwight that ‘I need to pass water’ was a polite way to ask for the toilet which his Mother had taught him. So, maybe it was the correct thing to say to Elizabeth? But, then he remembered once more that Kenneth had once said those exact words when a woman was in earshot and Bryce had scolded him for it. So, that one must have been too vulgar as well.

The more Dwight thought about it, however, the more he realized that BRYCE had gotten upset at these things an awful lot more than any of the women ever had…

Elizabeth kept talking to Dwight, occasionally gently reminding him that he was supposed to keep still. 'Is it the boredom that’s bothering him?' she wondered. 'Does he not like being made to stay in one place for so long?' She’d also begun to notice the way he couldn’t stop tugging at his belt, like it was hurting him in some way. She couldn’t figure out why it would be, though. Even if he found it a little uncomfortable, he should have been used to it by now, right?

He was also getting very sweaty in spite of the cold temperature. She could see his forehead starting to shine and dark patches forming underneath his armpits. And while, yes, he was moving around quite a bit, she didn’t think it should have been enough to overexert him. She knew from his medical records that Dwight was in terrific shape, standing around for a prolonged period of time absolutely shouldn’t have been making him sweat like he’d just run a marathon on the hottest day of the year.

Then there was the way he was breathing! Short, panicked, choking gasps… Elizabeth couldn’t help but feel worried. She was growing more and more certain that Dwight must have been sick. Most likely with whatever Bryce had. And if two people here were sick, pretty soon everyone was going to be… She wished she’d brought a thermometer from a medical building to check his temperature, but she hadn’t been expecting to need one.

“Dwight?” she said, her voice gentle. “Are you feeling alright?”

‘No,’ Dwight thought. ‘I’m feeling like my bones are filled with piss.’ But, instead of saying that, he just nodded his head. “I—I’m fi—fine,” he said. He couldn’t tell her that he had to pee, so that meant he HAD to say he was fine!

Elizabeth’s expression softened. She knew how a lot of these guys got. They hated admitting that they felt too unwell to do their jobs. “Let me check your temperature…” Since she lacked a thermometer, she settled for placing her hand against his forehead. It didn’t feel warm, but he certainly felt awfully clammy, and he trembled more and more under her touch. “You’re shaking…” she said.

‘That’s because I need the bathroom REALLY bad!’ Dwight thought urgently. He SO badly wanted to just tell her! “I’m sorry…”

Elizabeth glanced back and forth, unsure what she was looking for. There wasn’t anyone to take Dwight’s place, so she couldn’t just send him back to bed for the day… “It’s fine, but are you sure you’re okay?”

‘I’m very far from okay!’ a voice in Dwight’s mind screamed. ‘I think the piss is gonna start pouring out my nose!’ He twisted his hips back and forth, pee beading warmly at his opening, dribbles escaping down his legs every few seconds. Against his will, and in spite of his best efforts to prevent it, tears started to form in his eyes.

Elizabeth noticed right away. Were his eyes watering because he was sick, or was he actually… Crying? Why would he be crying? “Dwight? Are you in pain? Where does it hurt?”

Everywhere. It hurt everywhere. Pee was filling every last space in his body, horrific pressure and cramps assailing him all over. As more tears came, an enormous spurt of piss jetted from his member, hissing loudly as it soaked the front of his boxers. “Ah—!” he cringed as his hands flew between his legs, pinching himself shut as much as he could manage, but he was just so god damned full that his hands barely provided any resistance. Pee just kept coming and coming, trickling and leaking and dripping. He felt his crotch growing saturated as he fought not to completely lose it.

Elizabeth stared for a moment, starting to feel a little silly. He wasn’t sick at all. All his squirming, bouncing, whimpering and sweating were just because he needed to use the restroom. “Dwight…” she said, feeling a funny smile spread across her face. “If you needed to take a leak, why didn’t you just say so?”

Dwight went still for a brief second, stunned. Here he was not admitting that he had a full bladder because he thought doing so would offend Elizabeth, and yet she’d just gone and used the phrase ‘take a leak’ herself. “B—Because, I’m not supposed to… I shouldn’t say that to a woman,” now that he was explaining it out loud, it sounded ridiculous. “Bryce always—“

“Never you mind what Bryce says,” Elizabeth told him. “Bryce likes to think he’s a gentleman, I know… But, Dwight; Are all men the same?”

“O—Of course not,” Dwight said. Now that Elizabeth knew he was about to explode, he didn’t dare let go of his grip on himself, and he allowed his body to twist itself up into however many knots it wanted.

“So, why would all women be the same?” Elizabeth asked. “I’m sure there are women who would be stuffy enough to get angry at you for saying you need to pee—I’m sure there are men like that too— but dealing with bodily fluids is part of my job. Why would I care if you said you had to pee?”

Dwight felt even more ridiculous now. He remembered how Elizabeth had even said once that she assisted injured women with relieving themselves if they couldn’t get out of bed. So, obviously that meant she didn’t care if someone told her that they needed to go. All of this agony he’d put himself through had been pointless.

“S—So, I can go?” Dwight asked, hopeful. His bladder still hadn’t stopped its relentless leaking.

Still smiling at how silly she thought Dwight was, Elizabeth nodded. “Of course you can! You poor thing, stop hurting yourself.”

Dwight quickly turned around. ‘Finally! Finally!’ He reluctantly released his grip on his cock and started to unbutton his uniform. ‘Finally… God! Can’t wait one more second!’ he thought.

His bladder agreed with that thought completely. As he began to take apart his buttons, he barely noticed the huge drop in pressure within his body until it registered to him how sodden his crotch was getting. Once he realized that, the intense sound of hissing liquid hit his ears. ‘Ah! No!’ He scrambled at his buttons, trying his best to undo them so he could at least kind-of make it… But, it was no use, the material around his crotch was so slick and slippery now that he couldn’t even manage the buttons. Wave after wave of pee poured out of him, drenching his legs and the ground at his feet.

His accident just went on and on and on. He hadn’t peed for so long, his bladder had been completely full, absolutely no space left inside of it. It wasn’t going to all drain out quickly. Buckets of shame and an avalanche of relief fell over him. He was actually doing this, having an accident all because of a bunch of silly, bad decisions. But… God, it felt so good to let go. He’d needed this so badly, he just couldn’t help but enjoy it a little.

When his faucet finally trickled to a stop and he was standing there in his clammy, drenched clothes, he didn’t dare to turn around. “I’m… I’m so sorry…” he said. “I couldn’t hold it anymore.”

Elizabeth, unsure of what to do, stepped closer and put a hand to his shoulder. “Poor thing…” she said once more.

Her pity made him feel worse, and to his dismay more tears began to fall. This was childish. All of it. Having an… accident. And then crying about it, too. “I’m so gross…”

“Don’t say that,” Elizabeth said. “Everyone pees.”

“Not in their pants. Not when they’re adults.”

“It’s okay… It got to be… Too much,” Elizabeth said. “But, see. You should speak up when you have to go, so this doesn’t happen again. Go back and change, quickly so no one sees you.”

“Please don’t tell…” Dwight sniffled.

“I won’t,” Elizabeth promised.

*063*2022-02-24 18:09

Kenneth had been ordered to help Bryce reorganize the supply room. Perhaps it was just because Kenneth was so on edge that Bryce would somehow be able to tell what had happened the previous night, but he was even more tetchy with the other than usual. They had exchanged so many insults, and argued over so many trivial things like which shelf things should be on or what direction a box should be facing that by the time they were finally done they both just wanted to leave and not speak to one another again for the next five hundred centuries.

But, Kenneth in particular had one thing he wanted to do now even more than he wanted to get away from Bryce. Kenneth had first noticed his need for the toilet several hours ago when Bryce was scolding him about how he was an idiot for accidentally placing one bullet into the wrong box. Kenneth had been steadfast in ignoring his urge, but it had continued to build and grow worse all afternoon. Since he was already in such a foul mood with Bryce he’d tried his best not to show any signs of need. As he was now aware of his habit of knuckle biting when he had to pee, and of the fact Bryce knew what it meant, he had repeatedly forced his hands to clasp behind his back whenever he found them straying too close to his mouth.

“Why do you keep doing that?” Bryce had repeatedly asked. “It’s annoying. Knock it off.”

“Your face is annoying,” Kenneth had replied. It wasn’t his best come-back, but considering he was having to think on his feet while holding back a full bladder he didn’t think it was too terrible.

Now though, it was finally over. He could finally leave. He could race back to his barrack, lock himself in his restroom and pee for all he was worth, and it would feel amazing. His body was already going a little loose just at the thought. Relief was coming. Beautiful, wonderful relief.

Then, he gripped the knob of the supply room’s door and found that it wouldn’t budge. As panic flared through his body, he swore his bladder immediately swelled up even more. He clenched his thighs together and tried not to step in place or dance around. “Bryce, the door is stuck….”

“You’re just too stupid to open it,” Bryce said. “Either that, or your little noodle arms aren’t strong enough…” He reached out a hand and tried to tug the door open, but he didn’t have any better luck than Kenneth had. “Oh, Christ…” Bryce grumbled. “I guess you were right for once. But, I mean, even a broken clock is right twice a day.”

“All our clocks are on military time, stupid,” Kenneth said in an attempt to distract himself. His eyes had clenched shut. He hated feeling trapped. And feeling trapped when his bladder was so full was one of the worst things ever. “So, if one of them breaks it’s only right ONCE a day.”

Bryce stomped away from the door and threw himself down into a chair. “God… You pedantic little… If I HAD to get stuck in here, why’d it have to be with YOU?”

Kenneth turned away from Bryce. This room was feeling a lot smaller now that he knew he couldn’t leave it, and it was making his skin feel itchy. His bladder was also feeling a whole Hell of a lot fuller now that he knew he couldn’t empty it. He headed to the opposite side of the room from Bryce. “Wh—When do you think we’ll get out?” he asked, trying to keep any hint of panic or desperation out of his voice.

“I guess whenever someone needs something from this room,” Bryce replied.

“When will that be?” Kenneth asked.

“How the Hell should I know?” Bryce said. “Stop your whining and shut up. This is awful enough without having to listen to your voice.”

Kenneth actually went quiet after that, and when several minutes passed without any indignant squawking from the little twerp, Bryce felt… Well, not concerned. Definitely not that. Because he hated Kenneth and didn’t care about him at all. Not even a little bit. But… Something ‘like’ concern, anyway. It wasn’t like Kenneth to be silent. “What’s the matter?” he prodded. “Realized your insults are futi—“ Bryce stopped himself.

Kenneth was trapped.

Kenneth was trapped in a small, dark room with no way out.

That meant that Kenneth was scared.

That meant Kenneth was probably thinking about a lot of the really awful things that had happened to him, the things that weren’t funny at all and that he didn’t deserve to be mocked for.

Bryce stood up and walked closer to his enemy. “Hey…” he said. “Are you okay?”

Kenneth was hunched over in one corner, his knees drawn up to his chest, attempting to conceal the way his hands had buried themselves in his crotch. He wasn’t okay. His bladder was so full and this room was so tight… Still, he nodded. Telling Bryce that he wasn’t fine wouldn’t do him any good. Bryce couldn’t fix any of this. Bryce couldn’t make the door open, or make the room bigger, or magically summon a private restroom with sound-proof walls that Kenneth could rush into in order to finally relieve his poor, aching bladder.

“It’s boring in here,” Bryce said. “But, I have a book. You want me to read it to you?”

Kenneth turned to look at Bryce now, surprised. His Mother had been the only person to ever read to him, and it had always made him feel safe and cared for. Not even Dwight had ever read a book to him— Although he had tried. Dwight just wasn’t good at reading out loud. Neither he nor Kenneth was really sure why, but reading was hard for Dwight. To Dwight, the words all seemed to move about the page and tangle up on another. Kenneth had been so confused when Dwight explained that to him, because that never happened to him when he read. Dwight had been equally confused when Kenneth said he’d never had that problem, as he’d been convinced that was just what reading was like.

A book would be good, Kenneth decided. A book would distract him from needing to pee, at least a little. He nodded, so Bryce got his book and began to read. For a while, Kenneth’s assumption that the story would drown out the needy whines of his bladder proved true. But, then Bryce got to one particular chapter, and suddenly peeing was all Kenneth could think of once again.

The story Bryce had been reading was a science fiction novel, and in this chapter, the main character was searching for something on an alien planet where everything was powered by water. Water was absolutely everywhere. The narrative described gushing fountains, dazzling waterfalls and liquid trickling and splashing against the paddles of water wheels.

To make this chapter all the more painful for Kenneth to listen to, the author had chosen to inject a little comedy into the plot line. The main character was desperate for the restroom, and had just learned that the alien species inhabiting this watery planet did not urinate like humans did, and so there were no toilets anywhere. To make it worse for the poor protagonist, exposing one’s private parts was considered an awful taboo by the alien society, so he couldn’t just whip it out and go on the ground anywhere either.

The descriptions of the main character’s urinary distress were so vivid and intense that they were enough to make Kenneth’s own bladder throb painfully in sympathy. Kenneth was sure the poor guy in the book had to go almost as bad as he did now. He was also sure that, had he not been in such dire need of a toilet break himself, he would have found the book’s scene pretty funny. Particularly when the unfortunate protagonist had to attempt to explain to the aliens what he had to do and why he really, really did not want a glass of water.

Kenneth very nearly did laugh at one line, but managed to stifle it. He knew that any laughter now would lead to a leak.

“‘I am dying,’” Bryce continued reading, his legs beginning to cross slightly. “‘The gushing, the trickling, the splashing… It is too much for my body to handle. Drip, drip, drip. Everywhere I go there is more hissing, spraying liquid, and nowhere to dispose of what I’m holding back. I curse myself for every beverage I’ve ever consumed, for every opportunity to use a toilet that I’ve ever skipped. If I don’t find the orb soon and get back to my ship, there’s going to be even more water on this planet, but I don’t think it will be of any use to the Hydrateions’ society.”

Bryce turned the page, bouncing a little. “Splash, splash, splash, the water continues to fall as I hobble on crossed legs through the hall. Drip, drop, drip, drop… Trickle, trickle… Sheets of water cascade down the windows as I try to look outside. There is a small pot near the end of this hallway that contains a blooming plant, and my body pleads with me that I have to water it, I force myself forwards, past the plant, dreaming of the toilet facilities onboard my ship.”

The chapter went on for a while, Kenneth shifting around the whole time. Every time he found a position that was a little more comfortable, it would only take a minute or two for his bladder to start protesting again and he’d be forced to keep moving.

By the time Bryce reached the last page of the chapter, he was hunched over oddly and was rocking back and forth on his feet. “‘At long last, I have arrived at my ship,’” he read. “‘I barely have the presence of mind to tuck the orb into its containment device before I am moving as fast as I can to the restroom. I exit it several minutes later, finally having regained my ability to walk upright in a straight line. I check my map, making a mental note never to disembark onto an alien planet without first handling any needs my body may have.’”

Bryce exhaled loudly through his mouth. He’ d read this book a few times, but he’d forgotten about that scene, as well as the effect it always had on him. The descriptions were just… So intense, and his bladder was already highly suggestible considering how much the sound of running water always made him need to go. He dog-eared the page he was on. “Uh—Um, Paulson… That… Kind of made me… Need a little break,” he said with a blush. He couldn’t believe he’d just admitted it so candidly, but maybe since Kenneth’s claustrophobia had made him so sensitive in this moment, Bryce didn’t mind showing a little vulnerability of his own.

Kenneth, rocking back and forth where he sat with his knees still against his chest, just nodded. His grip on his crotch had gotten significantly tighter over the course of that chapter. “Th—There’s nowhere to go, though,” he said.

Bryce looked around the room, relieved to see that the trash bin here was completely solid, and pretty much empty. Ordinarily, he wouldn’t defile something like this, but with his bladder so full and no clue of when they’d be getting out… “Sorry, I think I’m going to have to use the trash can,” he said.

Kenneth winced as it dawned on him that Bryce was about to relieve himself right in front of him. He wanted to snap at Bryce not to, but he didn’t want another argument. Not when they’d just been getting along, not when his bladder was too full for him to think clearly. Besides, he knew Bryce would demand to know why the Hell he COULDN’T piss in the bin if he wanted to, and Kenneth didn’t want to be forced to say “Because I’m BURSTING and I don’t want to have to listen to you go when I can’t!”

So, when Bryce quickly made his way over to the trash bin and unzipped himself, Kenneth tried to blot out the sound. But, he couldn’t do much to make that happen. He couldn’t cover his ears because he needed them pressed into his cock to keep any leakage at bay. So, when Bryce’s stream noisily spattered into the trash can, Kenneth heard every last drop. He also heard the satisfied sigh from Bryce’s lips, and his bladder lurched and throbbed, begging to be allowed to do the same thing.

‘I can’t,’ Kenneth told it bitterly. ‘Because YOU won’t let me.’ He realized how silly it was to be having a mental argument with one of his organs, but he couldn’t help it. He hated his bladder, it was one of his worst enemies. It constantly did everything it could to upset him. It filled and filled and demanded to be emptied, then refused to comply once he’d brought it to the toilet it had been yelling at him for.

Kenneth scrunched up even more, his eyes clenching shut as he worried at his lip and continued holding onto himself. He jiggled around as much as he could in his position and hoped against hope that someone would discover the stuck door and set about freeing them soon.

He heard Bryce zip back up and walk much more slowly back towards him. “Phew, that’s better. Sorry about that, that chapter ALWAYS—“ Bryce stopped. “Um, Paulson?” he asked, noticing Kenneth’s trembling. “Are you okay?”

Kenneth said nothing. There was no point in saying anything now. He was trapped, and his bladder was just gonna keep filling, and there was nowhere to go. He was just like the character in the book, dying to pee with zero options for relief.

“I know…” Bryce said. “You… Don’t like tight spaces. This is hard for you. And I’m sorry Dwight isn’t here to help you through it.” He stopped himself. He couldn’t let himself sound so soft. “N—Not that I care. Dumbass.”

“Bryce…” Kenneth said. “Um… That…. Scene kind of made me… I… Haven’t… I haven’t peed since this morning… I really, really—“

“Oh…” Bryce said, understanding. He should have known. Of COURSE Kenneth hadn’t gone to the toilet all day. Of COURSE he was dying to do so now. “There’s… Um. There’s room left in the trash bin…”

Kenneth turned away, his hands kneading into his crotch. He stretched his legs out across the floor, then crossed them together. He didn’t care if Bryce saw where his hands were anymore. “I can’t…”

“I’ll stand WAY on the other side of the room,” Bryce promised. “I’ll face the opposite direction. AND I’ll shut my eyes. And cover my ears. It will be like I’m not even here.” He cringed at himself. He did NOT want Kenneth to think he WANTED to help him out. Quickly, he added “S—Since you’re so dumb you don’t know how to piss.” Bryce was dismayed when Kenneth did not immediately insult him back. ‘Oh, jeez,’ Bryce thought. ‘It must be hurting him bad…’

“That won’t… What if someone comes and fixes the door before I’m finished?”

“That is incredibly unlikely,” Bryce said.

“But, what if they DO.”

Bryce sighed. He remembered the night when he’d handcuffed himself to Kenneth and had ultimately ended up assisting him with draining his bladder when he’d realized he’d gone too far. ‘I guess if I’ve done it once I can do it again…’ Bryce gestured for Kenneth to get up. “Okay,” he said, forcing a bit more annoyance into his tone than he actually felt. “I’m gonna help you again.

Kenneth struggled to his feet. He’d been sitting down for so long his legs had fallen asleep, and he stumbled a little bit. This shook his bladder horribly and a spurt of pee shot forth from his tip. “Nnnnnh!!” he whimpered.

“You okay?” Bryce asked.

“My legs are sore,” Kenneth said harshly through his embarrassment. ‘He’s going to HELP you,’ Kenneth reminded himself. ‘Be nice or he might not want to help anymore…’ Cringing, he forced himself to admit; “And… I… I’m really bursting. I haven’t… I haven’t been to the toilet for so long.”

“You’re gonna go soon,” Bryce said. “Don’t worry.” He cleared his throat. “And— And then you can stop all this whining! God, you’re annoying!”

Kenneth still did not attempt to insult him back.

Bryce frowned. A non-combative Kenneth was just wrong. Kenneth not fighting with him turned the planet completely on its side and made Bryce feel uncomfortable in so many ways. “Come on,” he said. “Let’s get you sorted out.” He led Kenneth over to the trash bin.

Kenneth hurried to unzip himself. So many times, he’d thought to himself ‘I need to go SO badly this time! It’s gotta just happen, right?!’ and every single time he’d been wrong. He didn’t know what it was that compelled him to keep on getting his hopes up when he knew that it would never happen. He’d never be able to simply unzip, take aim, and release his stream. Peeing would always have to be a complicated ordeal of figuring out what his uncooperative body wanted him to do before it gave in.

“Okay,” Bryce said. “Now, I’ve done this with you before and it worked, remember? That means it can happen again.”

Kenneth tried to nod and feel as confident as Bryce apparently did.

Bryce began rubbing Kenneth’s shoulders. He wasn’t as good at it as Dwight was, not that Kenneth was going to tell him that. Dwight just had the experience, he knew all the spots where Kenneth was most tense and he knew how much pressure to apply. Dwight just knew these things now, they came naturally to him after so many years of soothing his friend’s stage fright away.

“You can do it,” Bryce said. “You’re one of MY subordinates after all, which means you’re the best of the best. So, you’ve got to be able to do this, right?”

Kenneth tried to lean into the encouragement. His bladder was so freaking full, he felt it flaring and shaking inside his body. “I’m going to explode…” he whimpered.

“Good,” Bryce said. “You NEED to explode.”

Bryce kept kneading Kenneth’s shoulders and Kenneth kept trying to pee. If it was Dwight doing this, Kenneth knew he would have urinated by now. But, since it wasn’t Dwight, it was going to take a lot longer. He kept trying to convince himself that it WOULD happen eventually, though. Except, as more and more time passed and Kenneth continued to be subjected to the relentless tormenting thrashing of his aching bladder, he started to lose hope and a whimper escaped from the back of his throat.

Bryce was startled by the pained sound his subordinate made. “Hey… It’s alright,” he said.

“It’s not!” Kenneth cried out. “It really, really hurts!”

“I know…” Bryce said, recalling the day his own bladder had decided to lock itself shut and how bad that had felt. He didn’t understand why this wasn’t working. He was doing the same thing he did the first time, and it had worked okay then… He knew Kenneth did not feel the same level of trust and security with him that he did with Dwight, but he liked to think Kenneth was aware that he at least… sort of, almost cared about him. Sometimes.

Bryce wished there was a sink in here, certain that the sound of running water would work wonders on Kenneth’s stopped-up bladder. Bryce supposed he could try DESCRIBING the noise to him, but he’d never been very creative, he lacked the ability to paint a vivid picture with his words and make someone feel as though they were actually seeing or hearing something. He just wasn’t talented at that like the authors of his favorite books all were…

…

That was it! “Kenneth, hold on for a second, I thought of something else that may work,” Bryce said.

If anyone ever asked him, Kenneth would deny it until the day he died, but when Bryce stopped trying to rub soothing patterns into his shoulders Kenneth groaned with dismay and yearned for the other man to come back and keep trying. He cursed himself for it, hating that any part of him could WANT Bryce close by. It was just one more reason that his bladder seemed at times to be a completely separate entity from the rest of his body, one that wanted nothing more than to rebel against him in every way possible.

When Bryce came back a minute later, Kenneth was dismayed when he did not immediately begin rubbing his shoulders again. “Bryce, I can’t hold it!” he whined, beginning to stomp his feet. He felt ridiculous and hated himself for it. He was doing a pee holding dance even though his zip was down and his cock was aimed into a somewhat appropriate receptacle. He was doing a pee holding dance even though ‘holding it’ was the last thing on Earth he wanted to be doing! He tried to make himself stop squirming, knowing that fidgeting and jumping about as if he was still trying to keep his pee inside of himself would make it all the harder to get it to come out, but his body wouldn’t obey. There was just so much discomfort, so much pressure, and his body desperately wanted to get him into a position that would lessen the agony.

“I really, really can’t wait!” Kenneth continued babbling. He hated all the moaning pleas that wouldn’t stop falling from his lips even more than he hated the stupid dance he couldn’t stop performing. He felt utterly pathetic voicing these complaints to Bryce of all people, knowingly giving him something to make fun of him for later on.

Bryce wanted to snap at the irritating, grating whines. He wanted to shout “Then freaking PISS already! Jeez! You don’t HAVE to hold it!” But, he managed to stifle it. “Since the shoulder thing wasn’t really working just now, I wanted to try something else.” Before Kenneth could ask him what, Bryce opened his book, turned to the chapter about the water planet, and began to read it once more.

When Kenneth realized what Bryce was doing, he felt a bit of anger surge through him. Was Bryce seriously going to taunt him like this?! Was he making fun of him? As Bryce kept reading, the unwanted images that soared through his imagination made Kenneth’s bladder shriek, made it feel like the heavy weight of piss was about to rip and claw right through his flesh. “Br—Bryce!” Kenneth squeaked out. “That’s not funny!”

Bryce just continued to read though, forcibly inviting Kenneth back to the gushing, trickling waterfalls of the alien planet, forcing him to live through the main character’s pulsing desperation. When he got to a line in which the protagonist had begun to fantasize about how wonderfully good it was going to feel to relieve himself later on, Kenneth cringed and let out a loud, whimpering whine.

“Bryce, seriously!” Kenneth pleaded. “Stop! I can’t— I— I’m—“ Kenneth’s beg was interrupted by a humongous splatter, an ear shattering hiss of liquid, and an intense, euphoric sense of relief. “Ahhhhh….” he moaned, barely even realizing what was happening, just that suddenly all of the pain was fading and he felt so, so much better.

Bryce set the book back down, glad that his plan had worked and that Kenneth was now releasing enough ‘water’ to power the fictional planet’s society for the next fifty years at least… Except, Kenneth wasn’t aiming at all, just standing there on slumping knees in a daze as his pee gushed onto the floor.

Bryce wasn’t thinking at all when he made his next move. It only took him a second, and only then did it register what he’d done and when he did, he just wanted to crawl into a hole and die… He just… He knew a mess was being made. He knew that they’d be in trouble for soiling this room. He knew he’d be in the MOST trouble since he was the one in charge, and just… Totally on instinct he’d reached and… corrected Kenneth’s aim for him so that he was flooding the garbage bin instead of the ground. And then after that was done, he felt a horrible, sinking feeling that he’d just crossed a boundary that he absolutely should not have crossed.

He hadn’t actually touched Kenneth’s dick, thank goodness. Just the wrist connected to the hand holding it, but that was still pretty close. Bryce was worried that the contact would make Kenneth tighten up again before he managed to empty out, and was very relieved when the other continued to gush away uninterrupted. The only sounds in the room now were Kenneth’s heavy breaths and moans and the hissing spray of his massive stream pounding the Hell out of the trash bin.

Bryce knew from a few previous experiences that, for someone who was extremely shy about urinating, Kenneth tended to be awful loud whenever he finally actually went. He seemed to be completely oblivious to the level of noise he made, as Bryce was pretty sure that if Kenneth ever actually registered the perverse groans that came out of him, then he’d be so ashamed he’d never go outside again. Because he didn’t want Kenneth to become a hermit and become an even more useless subordinate than he already was, Bryce bit down hard on his tongue. Because, Bryce really just couldn’t help but think the intense way Kenneth vocalized his relief was funny, and it was so hard not to laugh. It was hard not to comment something like “Oh my God, Paulson! Are you peeing or jerking off?!”

It was also hard not to feel a little awed by how copiously Kenneth was urinating. He’d seen, or at least overheard, Kenneth relieving his bladder a few times now, but it never got any less shocking how much he could hold back. Kenneth was so, so small, a person wouldn’t expect him to have a bladder capacity that seemed to rival a camel’s. ‘Where the Hell does he even FIT all of that?’ Bryce wondered after a minute had passed and Kenneth was still gushing away with no signs of being finished any time soon. Bryce actually started to worry he’d manage to overflow the trash can.

For Kenneth, the rest of the world had completely fallen away. The only thing that existed anymore was this amazing sensation. He felt like he was pissing out bucket after bucket of liquid and he didn’t want it to ever stop. He wanted to feel this way forever. He forgot that Bryce was in the room with him. He forgot he was urinating into a trash bin and not a proper toilet. He forgot he wasn’t in his restroom at the barrack. He forgot absolutely everything except for the fact that he was peeing and that it felt amazing in every possible way. His toes started to curl inside his boots and a shiver of pleasure started in the soles of his feet, moved up the line of his legs, all the way up his spine and over his head. He shuddered and shook, his body going so loose and floaty.

His flow slowed down and trickled off a few seconds later, but he still felt a bit of pulsing inside his body.

Still shocked by the amount Kenneth had released, Bryce started to ask “Better now? All fini—“

His question was interrupted when a second stream erupted from Kenneth’s tip. This one lasted for almost an entire minute all on its own, but it did stop eventually. As much as Kenneth wished he could feel that good forever, his bladder was not bottomless and he had to empty out eventually. Once he’d gone several seconds without anymore fluid pouring out of him, he thought he was probably finished at last even though there was still a bit of soreness. He stumbled back on his wobbly legs, barely remembering to fumble his member back into his pants and zip them shut. He remained silent for a moment. He had no idea what to say to Bryce after all of that. It was awkward enough picking conversation back up with Dwight following these sorts of events. With Bryce it was just…

“Are you okay now?” Bryce asked, equally as uncertain of what he was supposed to say.

“Um… I… I’m feeling better, yes,” Kenneth said, looking off in the other direction. He twisted a finger in his hand. “Uh… I just… I… Thank you,” he said. “I… When you got the book and started reading me that part, I thought you were trying to tease me, but… It helped. A lot.”

Bryce nodded, “I wasn’t sure if it would at first,” he admitted. “But, every time I read that part it always makes me want to go so badly.” Blushing red at what he was about to say, but desperate to do anything to make this all a little less awkward, he added; “Um, the first time I read that book, I was so absorbed in the story and in wondering what happened next, I didn’t want to stop reading. But, that chapter had made me need to pee so much that I just HAD to go, and I ended up taking the book with me while I sat on the toilet to pee.”

Kenneth smiled slightly, remembering how defensive Bryce had gotten when Kenneth teased him about sitting to pee once before. “Heh, so you DO like to pee sitting down?”

“If I’m able to,” Bryce shrugged. “It gives me an excuse to get off my feet for a couple minutes. And I can’t read while I go if I have to worry about my aim.”

At the mention of ‘aim’, Kenneth remembered the most embarrassing part of his recent ordeal. “Um… When I started to go, and I was accidentally getting it on the floor… Er… Did you—“

“I don’t know what I was thinking!” Bryce interrupted hastily. “I mean, I WASN’T thinking, really! And I’m SO sorry, I should NOT have done that!”

Kenneth looked down, his entire face bright red. “J—Just don’t tell anyone,” he said.

“I’d never!” Bryce exclaimed, just as red. “I don’t want YOU to tell anyone!”

“I won’t…” Kenneth said. “I… At least it was just my HAND you touched, anyway.”

Once a little more time had passed and the awkwardness had faded, Bryce started to read the rest of the book to Kenneth in an attempt to pass the time. A few hours later, Elizabeth and Dwight discovered the stuck door and were able to force it open. When they saw Bryce and Kenneth resting together on the ground so calmly, neither one trying to rip the other’s throat out, they were both stunned.

“Aw,” Elizabeth said. “Look at you two, getting along like friends!”

“I wonder how long THAT will last,” Dwight said.

*065*2022-02-25 06:49

{{11 minutes ago, astralis said:

Filing this one under "more lines that absolutely slayed Laurie where she sat" or "more lines that Laurie made a really embarrassing noise of delight at"

}}

Ha, glad you liked that one. There are quite a few Kenneth/Bryce moments coming up that I think you'll appreciate.

*066*2022-02-25 17:38

Kenneth had the day off. He could go into town or into the woods and do anything he wanted. It should have been fantastic for him, but the one activity he REALLY wanted to do was not available to him; He could not spend time with Dwight. Dwight did not have today off. This was the first time their schedules hadn’t aligned and one of them would have to spend the day without the other. When Bryce had informed him of this, Kenneth had shrugged and said he was just going to stay at work with Dwight all day and help him with whatever he’d been assigned to do.

But, Bryce had given him a very firm ‘no’. Kenneth’s presence would NOT help Dwight complete any of his tasks. Kenneth’s presence would only serve to distract him. They’d just end up talking and talking and talking, and before long they’d both forget that Dwight had ANY actual work to do. Kenneth had tried to argue that he’d try really hard to avoid distracting his friend from what he had to do, but Bryce had been adamant about it, and after a bit more pleading from Kenneth, Bryce had gotten angry enough for Kenneth to stop trying.

Bryce quite honestly could not even BELIEVE how clingy those two were with one another. He was pretty sure that if someone handcuffed them together while they were sleeping, it would take them hours to even notice it. And once they did they probably wouldn’t even care very much. He’d never seen two people so utterly attached to each other. Bryce knew that on one level, that amount of complete and total dependency could not have been very healthy.

He knew that Kenneth needed Dwight around to even be able to pee, and one night when they’d been sleeping in separate tents, Bryce learned that Dwight absolutely had trouble getting to sleep unless he could hear Kenneth snoring nearby. Neither one of them could manage to perform basic functions of life without each other, and they both seemed to think that this intense attachment was perfectly normal. When Dwight had explained he couldn’t sleep without the sound of Kenneth’s snoring— a noise which Bryce personally thought could wake the dead— he’d said it like it was something Bryce should have expected and understood.

Even though Bryce knew that Kenneth and Dwight were basically addicted to one another and that that was pretty unhealthy, he couldn’t help but feel a little envious of it. He wondered how it felt to have someone that attached to you, and for you to feel that hooked onto them. Bryce didn’t think he’d ever felt something that intense for anyone or anything. He had been spending more time with Elizabeth these days, and being around her did make him feel really good, but he didn’t think he’d fall completely to pieces if they didn’t speak too much for just one day.

When the next day came and Kenneth was supposed to head out and relax for a bit, Bryce watched with some fascination as he said goodbye to Dwight. From the way they were acting, it was like Kenneth was going away to a different country for the next ten years, not that he was just going to be a few miles away for one, single day. Bryce eventually had to step in and break them apart, reminding Dwight that he had work to complete today.

Kenneth had reluctantly left then. He headed into town and tried to think of something to do. He was supposed to rest and let off some steam, after all. But, all the fun things he thought of doing were things he knew WOULDN’T be very fun without Dwight. He also felt weirdly exposed and extremely uncomfortable without Dwight right there beside him where he belonged. He almost felt like he was naked without his friend, something extremely vital was missing.

‘It’s just one day,’ Kenneth reminded himself. He remembered overhearing Elizabeth speaking with some of the other medics while he’d recovered from his bladder infection. He remembered her using the phrase ‘codependent’ a lot of times. He wasn’t totally sure what that word meant, but he could tell from her tone alone that it probably wasn’t a very good thing.

Kenneth continued wandering. When he saw someone wearing a very poorly matched and unflattering outfit, he actually turned to his side to make a snide remark, before remembering that Dwight wasn’t there to fight down laughter and scold him about being nice like always. Eventually, Kenneth stopped at a cafe, realizing that he was thirsty. It was strange sitting at a table by himself as he had a drink. It was strange not having anyone to talk to.

After satiating his thirst, he decided to just go to the library. Reading was one of the only things he ever did without Dwight, so he figured it was the best way to fill time today. And, for a long time, it was pleasant. He could get lost in a story and not think too hard about how he missed his friend, and the library was nice and quiet and peaceful, so he did start to feel the tranquility that the day was supposed to be about.

But, after a few hours of silently resting in an arm chair and turning pages in a book, Kenneth began to feel a lot less calm. His body was no longer slack and relaxed. Instead, his knees were bouncing up and down, and his legs were occasionally crossing together as he started to feel a very insistent reminder of all of the drinks he’d had at the cafe.

He wasn’t having an emergency yet by any means, but it was very, very uncomfortable and he knew it was sure to get a lot worse soon. Without looking up from his book, he softly spoke; “Dwight, I need to—“

His words died on his lips.

He’d actually managed to get so absorbed in his book that he’d totally forgotten Dwight wasn’t with him right now. Only now, when he really NEEDED Dwight to be here, had he remembered. He tensed his thighs as his urge for the toilet amplified. As pressure built at the base of his cock, panic built in his mind; He was in public, and he had to urinate, and the one man that was capable of GETTING him to urinate in public was not around.

‘Just don’t think about it,’ Kenneth advised himself. ‘Keep reading, maybe it will go away.” He knew this was a futile hope, reading would not make all of the urine that was still accumulating in his bladder magically evaporate. He would get to the end of a page, and realize he hadn’t actually paid attention to any of the words that had been on it. His mind had been focused purely on his bladder and on the alarming rate at which it was filling up. He’d had way, WAY too much to drink. His nervous apprehension and the intense vulnerability that his predicament was cramming his brain with had made him hyper-aware of the way his bladder was starting to stretch, beginning to expand to accommodate all of the liquid he’d foolishly dumped into his body without a moment’s consideration for where it would go.

Maybe he should walk all the way back to his barrack? He could pee in the restroom there with no problem at all most of the time. It had taken him half an hour to get into town, and he knew it would take him even longer to go back when his bladder was making it difficult to walk properly, so that meant he’d better leave right now if he wanted to make it there before his urge transformed itself into a blistering need.

Then he’d probably just… Stay there for the rest of the day and just listen to the radio, so that he’d remain close to his nice, quiet, safe restroom where he could pee when he had to go. That’s what he should have done to begin with. It was stupid to go into town without Dwight, and it was even stupider to drink something while he was out. Yes, he should have either stayed in his barrack all day, or if he just HAD to go out, then he should have resigned himself to being thirsty the whole time. Those were the only options his bladder would ever allow him to choose from; ‘Never go anywhere without Dwight, and if you do, you need to make damned sure you’re dehydrated. If you try anything else, I’ll torture you.’

As Kenneth tried to come to a decision on whether or not he should begin the long walk back to where he’d come from, a librarian passed by his chair to organize a few of the shelves. She stopped and glanced back at him. He felt warm, hot shame flare through him as he knew for certain that she was staring because of his crossed legs and the way he kept bouncing in his seat. He was sure he must have looked ridiculous, squirming about like a school child that desperately needed his teacher to grant him permission for a toilet break. If Dwight was here, he would have tried to hide himself behind him, sticking close to his friend to try and shield his vulnerability from the rest of the world.

“Um… Sir,” the librarian said quietly. “There are restrooms in the back.”

Kenneth was sure he was blushing. He knew she was only trying to help, but wished she would have just minded her own business. The state of his bladder should have been of no concern to her. And, of course she thought he just didn’t know where the toilets were. What other reasonable explanation was there for a grown man to be doing a blatant pee dance? Simply not knowing where an available urinal was was the only reason a NORMAL guy would be sitting there, shifting around uncomfortably like that. Peeing was so simple for NORMAL guys, so long as they found a spot to go, that was all that was ever needed. But, oh no, Kenneth couldn’t be normal! No, first he needed a spot to go, but then he needed for that spot to feel the perfect amount of safe and secure, and most of the time he needed his best friend to hold him and whisper gentle encouragements into his ear.

Still, now that she’d said something, Kenneth felt way too embarrassed to just continue on sitting there and squirming. So, he pretended that not knowing the location of the restrooms really WAS his only problem. “O—Oh,” he said. “Thank you.” It killed him to have to express politeness to someone who had annoyed him— Even someone who’d done so completely unwittingly and without malice— but he knew that if Dwight WAS here, then he would have wanted Kenneth to be nice and cordial. “I was… Uh, I was looking for them earlier, you’re a big help.”

He knew now that it would look weird if he didn’t head that way now, so he forced himself up, cringing and pinching his knees inwards as his bladder sloshed at the sudden shift in gravity. Standing up made him realize that he needed the toilet a lot worse than he’d originally thought. Even if he did leave right now, he knew that by the time he completed the long journey back to his barrack— to the quiet, nice, safe toilet— he would be doubled over and taking tiny steps that were filled with pain.

‘Maybe I actually CAN go here,’ he thought, not believing it for a second. His bladder was one thing Kenneth could never feel confident about. His bladder was something he couldn’t even PRETEND to feel confident about.

He shuffled towards the back of the building, trying hard not to separate his legs too much as he walked. His bladder was bounced with each step and it made him wish and hope more and more that a miracle would happen and he’d somehow manage to empty himself here. When he saw the sign labeling the men’s room, his bladder actually pulsed more spasmodically than ever, the way it did whenever he saw the door to his own restroom. He knew that it was pretty normal for someone’s need to go to suddenly intensify as they neared the correct room, but since he already knew how completely unlikely it was that he’d find any relief past that door, all that it did was make him feel a whole lot worse.

He nervously pushed the door open and stepped inside. The room was vacant, thank goodness. If anyone else was in here, he knew he’d just end up going to the sink and pretending he’d just come in here to wash his hands. He’d had to do that a bunch of times, and the feeling of water splashing against his hands, the sound of it gushing out of the faucet, always made him cringe and shimmy with heightened urgency. And the shimmying always made him feel more ashamed and humiliated, he’d grow certain that the other person in the room was watching him do his dance, wondering why he was at the sink instead of the urinal he so clearly needed.

There was a row of three urinals, which he quickly skipped by as he went straight to the one stall. The lid and seat on the toilet were already lifted, making it look so inviting. Oh, it would feel so good to be able to let a stream go into it… Kenneth pulled the door closed and reached for the—

There was no lock.

It was clear from a few marks on the door that there HAD been one at some point, but it had broken off. He couldn’t lock himself away as he tried to take care of his need. And when he let go of the door, it quickly swung back open again.

Annoyed, and his bladder thrashing a lot more angrily now that a toilet was visible, Kenneth tried to calm himself down. He fumbled with his belt, buttons and zip and got himself out, then used his other hand to hold the door shut. Sure, it wasn’t locked, but he was holding it very, very tight. He tried to relax and let out his pee. A very, very long time passed with nothing. Then, to his great shock, he started to feel something shift inside his body, that warm, pulsing pinch at his tip that he always felt just before he started to urinate. ‘Oh, yes… Please, please, please…’ he mentally begged, trying to coax his stream out just that tiny little bit further…

As Kenneth felt right on the very verge of letting it all go, he heard the door of the restroom open, followed by loud teenaged voices, and just like that, it all stopped. Kenneth was even tenser than he’d been at the start. He no longer felt close to releasing a little drop, let alone the enormous stream still trapped inside him.

“I can’t believe they’re making us write a report on that book, it’s so boring.” one of them said, followed by the noise of a zipper being yanked down. “Oh, I’ve been dying for this…” The sound of trickling liquid could be heard. “Ahhhh…”

Kenneth stomped his feet against the floor as he endured the sound of the boy’s stream splashing into a urinal. It was a horrid tease on his own bladder. It was also painfully unfair! No way that kid had to go as bad as Kenneth did! He should have held it! He should have waited outside the room until Kenneth was finished!

“I know,” the second kid said. “There’s nothing to even say about it, aside from that it’s a chore to read.”

‘Come on, Paulson…’ Kenneth thought to himself. ‘Forget they’re here. They’re KIDS. You don’t have to feel intimidated by a couple of school boys. You’re a grown man— You’re a soldier, for God’s sake!’ His bladder was furious that it had come so close to relief only to have it snatched away at the last second. It sent several particularly sharp, painful throbs through his body as he kept trying to persuade it to empty. Self loathing and rage pulsed through his chest, and he could feel the familiar sensation of a shout building at the back of his throat. He was ready to burst in two distinctly different, yet equally as painful ways. ‘Keep it together, Paulson. Keep. It. Togeth—‘

The second kid knocked roughly on the door Kenneth was still forcing shut with his hand. “Can’t you hurry up?”

Oh… Oh, jeez. He realized the kid was WAITING on him. He could NEVER pee if someone was waiting on him to go. Because, he knew that they’d inevitably start to wonder about why in the world it was taking him so long to void his bladder, they’d start to think that something was seriously wrong with him! He tried to shout something back at the kid, tried to unleash all his building anger at him so that he could call him a rude little pissant that needed to wait his turn like a civilized person… But the kid spoke before he could. And what he said made Kenneth feel so ashamed that he quite honestly forgot how talking even worked.

“How long does it take you to piss? Do you not know HOW, or something?”

That was it.

That. Was. It.

Kenneth couldn’t do this. He couldn’t stay here a second longer. He couldn’t… He just… He couldn’t. He fumbled himself back into his pants with one hand and struggled with his buttons before letting go of the door and stomping out.

The kid must not have been too desperate to use the toilet after all, because as Kenneth angrily went to the sink, he snorted when he saw Kenneth’s uniform. “Holy shit, you’re a soldier? And you can’t even take a fucking leak?”

His friend, zipping up at the urinals, laughed as well. “How’d he even get in? Look at him, he’s shorter than us and we’re only fifteen.”

They both laughed.

Kenneth wanted to throttle them. He wanted to punch them so hard that their grandchildren had bruises. He wanted to scream at them until his voice was hoarse and his lungs ran out of air. He wanted… He just wanted to PEE worse than anything, and—

And he couldn’t do any of it. He’d never felt this ashamed of himself in his life. He’d never felt so pathetic. Here he was, an adult, a solider… And he felt near tears after being picked on by a pair of fifteen year olds.

He splashed some water on his hands and quickly left the restroom, his abdomen aching so much. There was pain everywhere, outside and in. His bladder hurt, his mind hurt, his emotions were in a tizzy and he just wanted Dwight so bad. He wanted Dwight even more than he wanted an empty bladder.

He hurried through the building and out the door, moving so quickly that every step seemed to jam a knife deeper and deeper into his throbbing urethra, but he needed to get away from here as fast as he possibly could. Once he was outside and had gone down the street a bit, he stopped and urgently bounced in place. He didn’t know what he could do anymore. The walk to his barrack was longer than he could handle, he needed to get this piss out of his body NOW, whatever it took.

It was a small town, but there had to be SOMEWHERE here that he could make himself pee. He was seriously considering buying a room at the inn JUST so that he could use the toilet that would be in it. He couldn’t believe he was so desperate to go that he was willing to spend THAT much money just to have a chance of attaining relief.

He hurried down the street as fast as his bladder would allow. He felt like everyone he passed was staring, all of them instantly able to tell that he was carting around a gallon of pee, all of them instantly able to tell that he couldn’t release any of it even when a toilet was right in front of him. He knew that that was silly; While it was likely a lot of the people he passed could tell he needed a restroom from the way he was moving, there was no way they were able to work out that his bladder was shy just by looking at him. But, even though logic told him no one knew what the true extent of his problem, he couldn’t stop telling himself that they were all thinking ‘Does he not know how to pee? What’s wrong with him? He must be broken!’

Kenneth FELT like he was broken. He liked to feel in control, it was why he liked his uniform so much that he wore it even when he wasn’t required to; It made him feel powerful. Not being able to control his own body made him feel the exact opposite of powerful. It made him feel weaker than a dandelion in harsh wind.

When he came to the door of a shop, he pushed it open. The shop was small, and so he hoped that meant the restroom would be a single stall; One where he could lock himself in all safe and secure and pee and pee and pee until he felt so weightless he’d think he could fly.

The only other person in the building was the shopkeeper, which Kenneth thought was a good sign. Maybe he could even work up the nerve to ask the guy to stand far away from the restroom door “I just really prefer to have extra privacy,” he would say, he didn’t have to tell him how his bladder only WORKED if he had extra privacy.

The shopkeeper started to speak, “How may I help y—“ He paused, looking Kenneth over. “I apologize sir, there’s no restroom here.”

Kenneth wanted the ground to swallow him up. He hated how obvious he was being about his need. When he looked down and realized how many knots he’d contorted himself into, he could hardly believe it. His knees were bowed inwards, he was hunched over, his hands were gripping the bottom of his shirt, dangerously close to pressing themselves into his crotch. He ordered himself to straighten up and pretend that he wasn’t holding back an entire lake, but he knew that the damage was already done, he wouldn’t manage to fool the guy. “Th—That’s okay.”

“Across the road,” the shopkeeper continued. “There’s a bathhouse there. They’ve got a restroom that’s free to use.”

Kenneth nodded, “…Thank you…” he managed to choke out around the heavy boulders of embarrassment and desperation that were caught in his throat.

It was such a short walk to the other side of the road, but by the time it was over Kenneth was sweating like he’d just run ten thousand miles. His body felt raw and overheated, every nerve-ending within him was firing off in response to the inhuman pressure contained inside his bladder. He felt swollen, he felt like a hard poke would make him burst apart, he felt like his entire body was turning into liquid. Above all though, he felt intensely panicked. He knew there was no way he could walk all they way back now, it just wasn’t physically possible; Walking even very short distances was so painful. But, if he didn’t find somewhere to go here, what would he do?!

He didn’t think he could have an accident here. Truthfully, there had been a few occasions where he’d been super, super desperate in public and had felt like something was sort of… tearing inside his body. The pain would be horrific, and he’d think for sure that it meant he was beginning to wet his pants, but nothing but a few errant dribbles would ever come out. And, honestly, these events always scared him. He knew that people only wet themselves because their bodies were attempting to protect them, because their bladders had gotten so full it was dangerous to continue holding it all back… And Kenneth was certain that on these days, he’d been full enough that he SHOULD have been peeing his pants, but the psychological block he had when other people were present was just SO strong that it still wouldn’t happen.

One part of him, a part that he hated and couldn’t believe was even there, would wish that he COULD just go in his pants so that the hurting would stop.

Kenneth tried to fight down the panic inside, tried to tell himself that there just HAD to be some place he could get relief nearby, some way he could force his bladder into compliance.

Kenneth had never gone inside a bathhouse before; The idea of getting naked and washing himself in front of other people… He had no clue why some apparently found such places relaxing. While he wasn’t exactly sure what to expect inside that building, he doubted very much that he’d find any privacy within it. Still, he’d been promised there would be a toilet, and he was so desperate for one that he at least wanted to try.

He went inside. He’d… Honestly expected it to just be a big room with naked people everywhere, but it wasn’t. He was in what looked to be a reception area. A woman greeted him, “Hello, how may I help you?”

Kenneth, whom only just then realized that he was full-on clutching his dick by that point, felt immensely grateful that she hadn’t immediately pointed out his need to empty his bladder. But… Then he was a little dismayed that this meant HE’D have to be the one to do it… “Uh—Um… The man in the shop across the road says you have a restroom I could use?”

“We do,” she said. “This way…” She began leading him down a hall. She did not add any comments about the obvious severity of his need, even though he was sure she’d picked up on it. He felt a little better. The hallway was long and they passed a few doors. He picked up on the sound of water— no doubt from the actual bathing rooms— and had to tense his thighs up more and more as he walked. Even so, he felt himself beginning to dribble into his boxers as his bladder began to break apart. It was so hard not to whine to the woman, not to ask “It’s not that much further, is it?”

“Sir…” she said, and Kenneth feared she was about to say something embarrassing about his clear desperation. “You seem… Very, VERY tense. And I don’t think it’s just from your need to…” when she trailed off instead of finishing the thought, Kenneth was relieved. It wasn’t the kind of relieved he NEEDED to be feeling right now, but it was still nice. “Well,” she said. “We do offer massages here, if you are ever feeling too stressed.”

He thought about it and realized that the way Dwight always kneaded on his shoulders and back when he tried to pee was sort of like a massage. And it did feel good to have that tension worked away, a few times Kenneth had wished for Dwight to do that to him when he DIDN’T have to pee, but he’d never actually asked him for it. He was worried Dwight would think it was weird that he wanted those touches when he didn’t NEED them. “Th—That would be nice…” he admitted.

“Alright,” the woman said. “If you are ever interested, we will want you to shower here first, but that’s all.”

Kenneth promptly gave up on the idea. If he was going to be required to bathe with other people around him, then the whole ordeal would just end with him being tenser than ever. A few times, he’d had to shower alongside other guards with very little privacy, and he was always so busy trying to cover himself up with one hand that attempting to wash himself with the other became a major challenge.

They arrived at the door to the restroom, and Kenneth stepped in. He hoped she didn’t wait on the other side of the door for him and tried to put that idea out of his mind. ‘Why WOULD she?’ he asked himself. In the restroom, there was a row of urinals a row of stalls, and a row of showers with curtains. The last thing perplexed him until he saw the sign beside them requesting that people shower before using the bathing rooms. This was also confusing; They… Wanted people to bathe before they bathed? He didn’t understand it…

Nevertheless, the restroom was at least empty which he took as a good sign. When he got into a stall, the door locked, which was also a good sign. But, as ever, when he unzipped and readied himself at the toilet, everything just stopped. For the millionth time in his life, he wondered how the Hell he could spend so much time struggling not to pee in his pants and then have to fight so hard to pee into a toilet once he’d found one. Tears once more sprang to the corners of his eyes. He was totally alone in this room, there was no reason he shouldn’t have been peeing. He should have been peeing hard enough to peel paint off of a wall. He should have been pressure-washing the Hell out of the porcelain bowl in front of him. He should have been experiencing mind-breaking levels of relief that left him a weak, shuddering mess of ecstasy.

But instead, he was just a weak, shuddering mess of desperation that didn’t even know how to pee. ‘Oh my God,’ he scolded himself. ‘Forget what those stupid children said. They’re little pricks and they don’t matter. You can do this.’

But, he couldn’t.

He just couldn’t.

He kept replaying the words of the teenagers from before. He kept worrying that any second now, someone else would come in here, realize he wasn’t peeing and say something equally as rude. He kept wishing and wishing and wishing that Dwight were with him to make it all stop, to make it all better.

‘Okay, okay, okay,’ Kenneth tried to cut through the panicked mush in his brain. ‘What would Dwight do if he WAS here. What would he say?’

Probably something like ‘Kenneth, you can do this. It’s just us. You’re safe. You’re safe. You’re perfectly safe, darling…’

Wait… Darling? Did Kenneth want Dwight to call him ‘darling’? His heart pounded at the thought. The image of Dwight holding him, rubbing him and calling him darling… It made him feel all soft inside.

But, it hadn’t made him pee.

‘Dwight would also turn a faucet on if there was one…’ Kenneth thought.

And then he got an idea.

He tucked his member back into his pants, ignoring the confused wail from his bladder. He didn’t bother zipping back up as he left the stall. He went instead to one of the showers. He shifted back and forth inside it, feeling hesitant. But, when a shuddering leak wet the inside of his boxers, he gave in.

It felt strange to him to be taking off his clothes here, and when doing so necessitated him bending over a few times, he lost quite a few more spurts of liquid from his bladder. He thought maybe that was actually a good thing. Pee was coming out, like he’d been begging for for hours. After he was completely nude, he noted with some alarm the presence of a swollen lump of tension resting between his hip-bones. With as small and slim as he was, it wasn’t uncommon for his bladder to… kind of bulge like that when he got full enough. But, it still alarmed him every time he saw it, the mere idea he could have so much urine inside his body that it was VISIBLE was a little frightening to him.

Once he’d put his clothes on the hook, he turned on the shower, hoping that the water here would be nice and warm— Though he was pretty sure a place like this would have plenty of hot water.

The water was pleasantly heated. Kenneth stood underneath it, the liquid rolling pleasantly down his back. It had been so long since he’d had a nice, warm shower. Hot water was so hard to come by… It felt good. It was loud, too. Hissing, spraying, trickling.

‘Kenneth, darling,’ he imagined Dwight saying to him. ‘Listen to the water now, let it out. You’ll feel so much better. Just calm down. I’m right here. You’re always safe when I’m here. Everything’s okay, darling. Just let go.’

Hsss…

Suddenly, a stream of liquid began to come out of another nozzle, and Kenneth started to feel VERY good. It took a second to figure out what it was, what had changed, but he looked down and saw he was peeing. Quite a bit, too. “Ohhhhh….” he moaned, his body trembling and shivering in spite of the hot water landing on him. He dropped to his knees on the floor of the shower, urine continuing to spray forcefully from his tip. It was getting on his legs, but he didn’t care, it would wash right off anyway. It didn’t matter. Nothing mattered. He was peeing and it felt like Heaven.

It actually felt really, really good to be doing this while resting on his knees. He didn’t even need to put any effort in to stay standing up. And since the water was washing it all away, he didn’t need to worry about aiming, either. He didn’t even need to keep his eyes open, which was good because he felt so exhausted after everything that his eyelids had become heavy. He allowed them to draw closed and leaned his head against the wall for support, his mouth hanging open in slack-jawed bliss.

He felt pressure fading away bit by bit by bit, his bladder shrinking and compressing back to its proper size, no longer round, firm and swollen with tender need. He couldn’t actually tell which stream of warm water going down his legs was the one gushing from his cock, and he knew he probably ought to have felt disgusted by the knowledge that he was urinating on himself, but he didn’t. The release was too good for him to feel even the slightest hint of revulsion.

Then, it dawned on him; He was relieving himself in public! And he was doing it without Dwight holding him! He was doing this all on his own! And, sure he hadn’t managed to get the job done in an actual toilet, sure he’d needed to PRETEND Dwight actually WAS with him, sure he’d needed the sound of rushing water and the sensation of it pouring down his body… Sure, he had needed all those things; But still, he’d done this HIMSELF. He felt amazingly proud. It was silly to feel such a huge sense of accomplishment from urinating after the age of three, but for him this really was a major, MAJOR thing to be proud of.

Then, the door opened and he heard a couple men walk in. He heard them unzipping at the urinals and beginning to pee, and, and—

And Kenneth was still peeing.

He hadn’t clamped back up.

He was… Actually going to get to finish.

He only worried about it for a second or two. But, then he remembered the shower curtain went down super low, there was only a tiny crack at the bottom. And his pee was mixing with the water from the shower head, which was so loud it covered up any noise Kenneth was making. Even if their attention WAS drawn in this direction, it would be impossible for them to notice that Kenneth was peeing. ‘Oh my God…’ he thought blearily, still nearly catatonic from relief as he lay slumped against the wall. ‘I’m… I’m going with two strangers in the room with me!’

He had NEVER managed to do THAT in his life. He had NEVER been able to void himself if someone else was in the room. Not unless that person was someone he really, really trusted, like Dwight. He’d never imagined he’d be capable of doing this.

Too bad he couldn’t somehow bring this shower with him everywhere, since it apparently had the magic power to make him pee.

His stream lasted for well over two minutes, long enough for the two men at the urinals to both finish up and leave even though they’d started peeing AFTER Kenneth had. Once he was emptied, Kenneth made no move to get up. He felt so loose and relaxed, and the warm water was so pleasant and soothing that he wanted to stay.

He just lay there for a few more minutes, catching his breath and giving his body a little time to recover from its ordeal. He always felt amazing after finishing up a badly needed piss, but he didn’t think he’d ever felt quite THIS good after one. Kenneth Paulson took a leak in public all on his own while two strangers were in the room; He could conquer the galaxy now. He could do anything. He was the greatest.

He shut off the water and put his clothes back on. When he clasped his belt, it was with great satisfaction that he realized it no longer was causing him any pain. He left the restroom, his hair still dripping a little. He wondered what time it was, he couldn’t wait to tell Dwight what he’d managed to do!

As he headed to exit the building, the woman from earlier stopped him. “Did you want to try a massage today?” she asked. “You are looking… A lot more relaxed now, and I see you did shower.”

He asked her for the time and when she told him, he realized he had an hour left to kill, so he accepted the offer. The massage was very nice. He’d had no idea that his body could feel so light. He’d had tension rubbed away that had been rooted in him for so long he hadn’t even been able to tell it was there. Once it was over, he sort of had to go pee again, but not very badly. He knew he could wait until he got back, and he was so excited to tell Dwight how his day had gone that he didn’t want to waste a minute.

By the time he got to the barrack, Kenneth’s bladder felt significantly fuller. He opened the door to his and Dwight’s room to find his friend already inside. Dwight hurried over to him, “Oh, Kenneth, are you okay?” he asked frantically. He opened the door to their restroom, “I’m so sorry, I didn’t even think about it until after you had already left, I wasn’t going to be there for you when you had to—“

Even though Kenneth DID need to go kind of badly by that point, he didn’t immediately rush in to relieve himself. It could wait a few more minutes, at least. “Dwight, I—“

“Hurry,” Dwight said. “You must be about to—“

“Dwight, I… Um… I…” Kenneth felt a little more bashful now that it was time to say the words aloud. It was such an unusual thing to feel so proud of. “I… I managed it myself today.”

Dwight stopped, noticing how Kenneth was NOT squirming in the way he’d expect him to be if he hadn’t used a toilet all day. “You… What?”

“I drank too much at the cafe,” Kenneth said. “And I needed to… To relieve myself pretty badly after a few hours. I tried to go at the library, but these stupid jerk-ass kids started talking and I couldn’t— I should have broken their noses—“

“Kenneth!” Dwight scolded.

“They were assholes! They would have deserved it!” Kenneth defended himself. “Anyway, I couldn’t go there, but then I went to the bathhouse—“

“YOU went to a public bathhouse?”

“Yes,” Kenneth said. “And, I tried to use the toilet there, but that didn’t work. So, I tried to go in the shower, and the water was so loud and warm and I just… I just went. And when two people came in before I’d finished, I didn’t even stop! I kept going!”

Dwight stared at his friend. That had been a really roundabout way of doing things, but it was lightyears better than how these things usually went for Kenneth. Dwight was shocked, and a second later he was hugging Kenneth as tight as he could. “That’s… That’s just… That’s absolutely amazing, Kenneth.”

Kenneth melted into Dwight’s touch… Although, the tight squeezing was making him want to head for the restroom a little bit more.

“I’m… I’m sorry if this is weird, but I’m…I’m honestly SO proud of you right now,” Dwight said. “And you should feel proud, too.”

Kenneth did feel proud, and he felt so warm and cozy in his friend’s arms, but he was also feeling a little more desperate for a pee… Not so desperate that he wanted the hug to stop, though. “Th—Thank you,” he said, squeezing back.

Dwight continued holding his friend. They hugged a lot, but it usually didn’t last so long. Dwight was having an incredibly difficult time letting go this time… He did release Kenneth from his grip eventually though, and he noticed a flash of disappointment cross his face. It was very brief, only there for half a second, but there was no way Dwight could have missed it.

Kenneth then went into the restroom. He was just about to pull the door shut and engage the lock, but he made himself stop. The door to their room was already locked. Dwight was the only person that would be able to look inside, and Kenneth relieved his bladder in front of him all the time. He just left the door as it was and unzipped. He did feel a hint of uneasiness knowing that the usual barrier of the door wasn’t there this time, but it only took a little under a minute for his stream to begin pouring. It was only Dwight, after all.

Dwight was pretty stunned when he saw Kenneth neglect to shut the door behind himself, and even more shocked when he could hear him urinating so quickly afterwards. Kenneth always, ALWAYS shut the door and locked it tight. Today must have been such a major boost to his confidence, and Dwight’s heart soared. Kenneth often tried to ACT as though he was filled with confidence and bravado, but anyone who spent any real time with him would know it was all fake and forced; The real Kenneth was insecure, shy and honestly pretty fragile. But this, peeing with the door to the restroom left open, this was real, actual confidence.

When Kenneth finished up and came back out, Dwight didn’t comment on it, he just pulled Kenneth in for another hug, hoping that would be enough to show just how proud he felt.

*067*2022-02-26 17:36

Just as a warning, this one is quite a bit kinkier than previous chapters have been.

***

Dwight knew that Kenneth was correct in saying that it would be dangerous for the two of them to pursue the kind of relationship it was now clear they both wanted. Homosexuality was utterly frowned upon, both of them would be in an unimaginable world of trouble if they were ever caught.

But, Dwight honestly didn’t even think of it as ‘homosexuality’. He viewed it as just having fallen in love with his best friend. His best friend just also happened to be another man. He’d found other people good looking before, and when he thought back he realized that among the people he’d seen and found himself momentarily attracted to, there was an equal mix of women and other men. He thought that was strange. He’d been taught his whole life that there were men who liked women— which was the correct way to be— and men who liked men— which was abhorrent and shameful. But, Dwight seemed to like both, which he assumed must have meant he was some sort of anomaly, stuck in a space between ‘normal and good’ and ‘disgusting and bad’.

He didn’t think he’d feel any differently for Kenneth if Kenneth had been born a woman instead and everything else was exactly the same. The only difference would be the lack of any issue in telling everyone he knew that this was the person he loved and wanted to spend his life with. There wouldn’t be a need to feel frightened by his feelings, or to try and keep them hidden from the world as they had been to himself for so long.

And that was the part that was confusing.

Why would it be perfectly okay for him to love Kenneth if Kenneth were a woman, but it was so wrong to love him as a man? Why did it matter so much what Kenneth’s body was shaped like? And, yes, Dwight couldn’t help but feel attracted to Kenneth’s angular male body, but he didn’t understand why that was something he should be so ashamed of.

Dwight spoke of his thoughts to Kenneth in soft whispers that night, thinking that the confidence he’d gained during the day’s events would make him more open to discussion.

Kenneth was similarly confused. He didn’t think he’d like Dwight any less if he was a woman, either. Unlike Dwight, whom had just confessed that he seemed to like everybody regardless of the parts they had, Kenneth had never liked anyone at all except for Dwight. And, yes, he’d begun to realize that the heart-thumping, racing pulse he always got when he saw Dwight without his shirt on was arousal, he didn’t think that seeing abs like Dwight’s on another man would do that to him. In fact, he knew it wouldn’t, because Bryce had a pretty muscular chest as well and Kenneth had never given it a second glance. It was the fact that the abs belonged to Dwight that turned Kenneth on so much, and he thought that if Dwight was instead out of shape and had a big gut, Kenneth would find THAT just as hot because it was Dwight’s big gut.

And if Dwight had been born a woman and had breasts and curvy hips, then that would be what Kenneth found sexy. Because those things would be a part of Dwight.

“I don’t normally feel this way,” Kenneth said. “I mean— I NEVER have. Do other people really just… see somebody they don’t know and think about that kind of stuff with them?”

“Yes,” Dwight said. “Didn’t you see how Bryce looked at Elizabeth the first day we met her? He was practically drooling!”

“Is there something missing in me?” Kenneth asked. “I… Um… When I was a teenager, I found out about, um… Pleasuring oneself. And, I— I never— Nothing ever… DID anything for me, until I tried… thinking about you…” he rushed out the last three words all in one breath.

Dwight blushed, amazed that Kenneth had been harboring those feelings for him for that long. He remembered when he first discovered masturbation, he’d begin touching himself and just letting his mind wander. He’d have all sorts of fantasies with all sorts of people, but somehow no matter where his imagined scenario began, it always came back to the simple image of Kenneth caressing his shaft, often saying the most filthy things that he knew Kenneth would probably never be able to bring himself to say in reality. The best fantasies were always the ones where Kenneth was on top of him, digging his nails into his shoulders and whispering breathy commands into his ears. Dominating him and making sure Dwight knew that he was HIS, as if Dwight would ever want to be anyone else’s.

“Maybe…” Dwight said, a little squeaky as he was now unable to erase the image of Kenneth pleasuring himself as he moaned Dwight’s name from his mind. “Maybe some people… They need the emotional stuff more than the other stuff? Like, perhaps they don’t feel the sexual part unless the other feelings are already there?”

“I… I guess,” Kenneth said. That did describe how he felt pretty well.

“And, I don’t think it means something’s ‘missing’ in you,” Dwight said. He smiled, “It just means I must be the sexiest person alive.”

Kenneth blushed and looked away. He knew Dwight was kidding around, but as far as Kenneth was concerned that statement was completely true.

Dwight turned red too. He couldn’t believe he’d just said that. He’d never been so bold before, but just… Hearing Kenneth say again and again that he was the ONLY person that could turn him on had put him in a kind of funny mood.

“And, maybe there are lots of people who like men and women,” Kenneth said. “But, nobody talks about it since men aren’t supposed to like other men at all.”

They both went quiet as the crux of the issue returned to their minds.

“Kenneth, I wish we could—“

“I know,” Kenneth nodded. “Believe me.”

Dwight sighed. “Why does it even matter?” he asked. “The nuns at the orphanage tried to explain it to me once, but I didn’t understand it. They basically just told me ‘it’s wrong because it’s wrong’, and that doesn’t explain anything at all.”

Kenneth agreed. It didn’t make much sense. He understood why other things were wrong. He knew it was wrong to steal money from a store because then the owner might not be able to afford food. But, it was wrong to love Dwight because… It was wrong to love Dwight, apparently. Completely illogical.

“How about this,” Kenneth said. “Inside this room, when the door is locked, and we stay as quiet as we can… We’re together. But, any other time, we’re just friends.”

That was better than nothing, Dwight decided. “Okay,” he said. “Yes. That would be nice.”

Kenneth looked relaxed in a way Dwight hadn’t seen in a long time— If ever. He hurried over to Dwight’s bed and climbed in beside him, cuddling up as close as he could get. It was like when they were really little and Kenneth had slept over, the two of them snuggling together in Dwight’s bed.

Dwight put his arm around Kenneth and pulled him in even further. “Goodnight…” he said softly, wanting to say more, but unsure of if he should. ‘Inside this room, when the door is locked, and we stay as quiet as we can… We’re together.’ Kenneth had said. “Um… Goodnight, darling.”

From the way Kenneth nuzzled against him, Dwight could tell Kenneth hadn’t minded the word at all.

Dwight would just have to be careful never to call him that outside of this room.

The next morning, Kenneth awoke, feeling more well rested than he had in ages. He and Dwight got ready for the day and stopped at the door just before leaving. “Ready?” Dwight asked. He did this each day. Ever since the day when Kenneth forgot to take him morning pee before leaving and he and Dwight had gotten locked into a holding cell by Bryce. Dwight now made it a point to remind Kenneth as subtly as possible to relieve himself before they walked out that door.

“Almost ready,” Kenneth said.

Thinking Kenneth had managed to neglect his bladder, Dwight was very surprised when Kenneth turned to give him a brief kiss before pulling back. “Okay,” he said. “Now I’m ready.”

Except, now Dwight wasn’t… ‘Holy shit, all he did was KISS you for half a second!’ he thought, cupping his hands in front of his crotch in an attempt to shield the effect the sudden contact had had on him.

Kenneth turned red and laughed.

As the day progressed, Kenneth felt on top of the world. Yesterday had been amazing. He’d made great progress against his shy bladder all on his own, and he’d gotten to sleep with Dwight holding him all night long. Everything was great!

And then, Kenneth broke his foot.

Today, it was Kenneth’s turn to take a monthly fitness examination. And, one of the things he had to do was climb up a tree as fast as he could. When he was nearly to the top and reached for one branch though, it broke off in his hand and he fell backwards. Before he could really process anything he was on the ground and his foot felt like it had been run through a meat grinder.

He hadn’t failed the fitness exam, thankfully. Nothing he’d done had CAUSED the branch to break, it had been completely out of his control. He would just have to retake the exam once he’d healed up. Elizabeth set his foot in a cast, given him a bottle of pain killers, and then he was left to recover. Since it would take so long to heal, he was permitted to recover in his own room at the barrack, only needing to return to the medical building for weekly checkups. This was a relief to Kenneth. He and Dwight wouldn’t have to be separated too much. He’d still be on his own during the day when Dwight worked, but that would be it. And since he knew Dwight was safe and would be coming back once night fell, Kenneth could easily occupy himself with other things.

It was actually nice to have an excuse to lay in bed all day and listen to radio dramas. And Dwight had been so nice and caring this morning, making sure Kenneth had everything he might need and wouldn’t have to try getting out of bed. He’d left a couple glasses of water and some books on the table that housed the radio so that Kenneth could easily reach them from bed. Dwight was such a good friend.

A few hours later, having drained those glasses of water, Kenneth was regretting his earlier thoughts in which he’d sung Dwight praises. Dwight wasn’t a caring, wonderful man that thought of everything Kenneth could possibly need. No, instead he was now demoted to being a gigantic idiot in Kenneth’s eyes.

Kenneth was feeling an absolutely horrid reminder of all the water he’d drank and could no longer concentrate on the radio, or on his books no matter how hard he tried to. All he could concentrate on was the fact that he NEEDED to urinate, and on the much more unfortunate fact that Dwight was a complete moron.

He felt bad for thinking so badly of his friend when just this morning he’d thought Dwight was absolutely wonderful in every possible way. But, in Kenneth’s mind there were few words that could describe Dwight more adequately than ‘moron’ right now.

Dwight had left everything Kenneth could possibly need right next to his bed.

Everything, that was, except for the crutches he needed to walk.

No, instead Dwight had left those on the other side of the room next to the door.

Kenneth had made an attempt to stand up and get himself to the toilet WITHOUT his crutches, but this was totally futile. Hopping along on his good foot was impossible because he couldn’t stay balanced; he knew he’d end up hurting himself even worse than he already had.

So, all Kenneth could do was lay in bed, his bladder expanding and stretching itself more and more in order to contain the liquid still being dumped to it, and the door to his restroom plainly visible. ‘When Dwight gets back, I am going to literally tear his freaking head off for this,’ Kenneth thought bitterly as his bladder throbbed.

He didn’t mean it, of course. He still loved Dwight, even if he was a complete and total idiot sometimes. But, it was hard NOT to feel at least a little angry when he was so painfully and utterly desperate for the toilet and SHOULD have been able to easily satiate his need. He hoped for a while that Dwight would get a break and would use it to come back here and check on him, at which point Kenneth could yell at him that he is stupid and demand to be brought to the restroom immediately.

But, Dwight apparently DIDN’T manage to get a break today, because he never came. And so Kenneth was just stuck holding it and holding it and holding it.

It was incredibly difficult to do a real pee dance when confined to a bed. Kenneth wanted to be able to stand up, give his bladder a little more room to stretch out. He wanted to jump from foot to foot before doubling over and clutching himself tight.

But, of course, if he was capable of standing, if he was capable of frantically shifting his weight from one foot to the other, THEN he would be capable of walking to the toilet and wouldn’t NEED to do a pee dance at all.

He was trying so hard NOT to look in the direction of the restroom. He was trying so hard NOT to pay attention to how the door to it was wide open, so inviting. Relief was just beyond that threshold and yet still so far from his grasp.

He’d sat up in bed as much as he could, rocking subtly in his spot. Completely on instinct, he’d begun to cross his legs a few times, only for the pain in his foot to remind him that he couldn’t do THAT right now either. He tried very, very hard to think about something else. He thought of new ways to describe Dwight’s apparent lack of a functioning brain. ‘Dwight, you are as stupid as whatever rock you crawled out from under!’, ‘Dwight, you’re dumber than a twig that all the other twigs make fun of!’ This amused him for a few minutes, but before long he could only think of things like ‘Dwight, you’re even stupider than I am when I have to piss so bad that it feels like the urine is flooding my brain and doing permanent damage.’

He then tried to think about the beach, but this plan was aborted rather quickly when he remembered that the best part of the beach was being near the ocean and that his bladder really, really didn’t want to be reminded of oceans right now. It was already holding back a pretty big one of its own, after all.

The fact that he was alone in this room was both a blessing and a curse. It was a blessing because he could hold himself as much as he wanted and nobody would see. His hands had been tucked between his legs, squeezing away at his aching cock for the past half hour to take some of the edge off of his need. And his solitude was a curse because, with no people around to make him anxious, his bladder wasn’t feeling even the slightest hint of stage fright. He’d had a few pretty big leaks already, which he didn’t think would have happened if someone was around to cause him to get shy and freeze up.

When Dwight finally returned, Kenneth intended for the first words out of his mouth to be an insult, a demand to know why the Hell Dwight had put his crutches where he couldn’t reach, and an angry order to hand them over RIGHT THIS INSTANT. But, instead, by the time Dwight was back, Kenneth was in such a severe state of need that the words “Dwight, I need to relieve myself SO bad!” flew from his lips before he could even think about it. Immediately he blushed at how loud he’d been, particularly since he’d shouted that out before Dwight had shut the door all the way.

Dwight grew concerned, “Oh, Kenneth,” he said, rushing over. He assumed this must have been like the time he got shot, and it had stressed Kenneth out so much that he had been unable to go. “I was okay! You didn’t have to feel nervous and get—“

“You put my crutches by the door, you moron!” Kenneth interrupted. “I couldn’t get up!”

“… Oh,” Dwight said, his stomach sinking as he realized that he’d accidentally forced his friend to hold his bladder in all day long. “Kenneth, I’m SO sorry, I wasn’t thinking, I’m—“

“Less ‘sorry’, more ‘getting me my crutches’!” Kenneth snapped.

Dwight winced at the harshness in his tone, but decided that his friend had every right to be upset at the moment. Dwight hurried to the door and got the crutches, bringing them back to his friend. “There you go,” he said.

Kenneth began to breathe a little easier. He was so close now… And, he supposed, having to wait until Dwight got back DID have some advantages. “Dwight, I may need to lean on you a little bit while I go,” he said. “It’s not super easy to stay balanced on these things.”

“Um… You might have to sit down,” Dwight said. “I really don’t want to risk you falling over and hurting yourself even more.”

Kenneth nibbled a knuckle at those words. He had never been able to pee while seated on the toilet. Pulling his pants down so far made him feel far more exposed than simply unzipping them did. And, sitting was a much more vulnerable position to be in. He knew that the second thing was a little irrational, no one was going to come in here and attack him while he urinated. But, being attacked while trying to pee had been a constant worry in his early years, it had just baked itself into his brain that it was something he had to be concerned about.

He’d TRIED to pee sitting down before. He’d tried to do it loads of times. A few times when he’d had more minor injuries to his leg, ones that hadn’t resulted in a bulky, heavy cast but which still necessitated him leaning against Dwight to stay upright and which made standing a little painful. He’d tried sitting to go a few times then because it had seemed easier, no need to have his friend prop him up, no need to endure the soreness for any extra length of time. But, once he was sat there, he’d start to feel nervous. He’d feel so naked with his pants down like that, even if he never pulled them down any further than his knees. And, then his mind would start racing about how he would be so unable to defend himself… And, then he just wouldn’t be able to go.

He’d tried a few times when he wasn’t hurt as well. If it was the middle of the night and there wasn’t a light available, he would try to sit so he would be sure not to make a mess by aiming his stream blindly. But, it never worked. Being so naked and vulnerable while IN THE DARK felt even worse than being that way with a light on. Sometimes, he’d wake up needing to go and be so sleepy that he didn’t have the ENERGY to stand up and aim, but even his sleep-addled brain would quickly become filled with anxiety.

“I can’t,” he told Dwight.

“You…”

“I…” Kenneth worried at his lip. This was so embarrassing. “I… Um. I can’t pee sitting down.”

Dwight assumed this was perhaps some sort of desire Kenneth had to be ‘manly’, knowing how insecure his high voice, short stature and sensitivity all made him. He could also recall Kenneth teasing Bryce about sitting down to pee a few times, so that was probably all this was. “Kenneth, lots of men pee sitting down sometimes. I’ll do it if I’m half asleep, or—“

“No,” Kenneth said. “That’s not the issue.” He instinctively tried to cross his legs at the next spasm, then yelped at the pain that fired through his foot.

Dwight gripped his shoulder,“Don’t do that…” he said. “I know you’re… Uncomfortable, but you can’t move your legs that way.”

“I can’t help it!” Kenneth snapped, then instantly felt bad. Dwight was only trying to take care of him… “S—Sorry…” he winced.

“It’s okay,” Dwight said, trying not to let Kenneth’s harsh tone get to him. ‘He’s in pain,’ Dwight reminded himself. ‘He’s badly hurt, and he needs to pee urgently— which is mostly YOUR fault— and that’s all making him really stressed.’ Returning to the matter at hand, Dwight tried to think of a way to fix one of those problems. “Kenneth, I don’t understand. Could you tell me why you can’t sit down?”

“It’s— Well, I have to take off more clothes if I sit down.” Another wicked pang of need rippled through Kenneth’s body. He tensed his thighs, fighting so hard not to move his legs in the way his bladder was begging for him to. “So, my… Um… My ‘problem’ is worse.”

“…Oh,” Dwight said. He’d never really thought about how sitting to pee resulted in a bit more exposure, but it made sense that Kenneth definitely HAD thought about it. He also realized that it would be a little tricky to do the usual shoulder-rubbing routine for Kenneth in that position. Maybe if he had Kenneth sit backwards on the toilet it would be easier to do that… But that would mean he’d have to spread his legs out a bit, and with his foot the way it was Dwight wasn’t so sure that would be a good idea. Best to keep him from moving it around very much unless it was completely necessary.

“It’s… It’s just me,” Dwight reminded.

“I know,” Kenneth winced out, his bladder trembling and a small dribble escaping. He almost tried to tie his legs together again, but stopped himself at the last second and allowed his hands to grasp onto his member once more instead. It was embarrassing to clutch at his crotch like this in front of Dwight, but it helped keep his bladder in check without upsetting his hurt foot, so he let himself do it. “But, I’ve never been able to… do THAT… sitting down. Not even when I’m completely alone.”

“I’ll help you relax,” Dwight assured. “Just like I always do. I’ll make it better.”

His hips twitching with each needful surge from within, Kenneth nodded. “O—Okay,” he said. “I’ll try to.”

Kenneth was then met with the next obstacle; Getting up. Getting himself up out of bed when he was dying for a piss was never very easy. There were many mornings where he’d wake up from an intense dream filled with waterfalls and dripping faucets, then cringe and double over once his feet were on the floor and he was fighting against gravity to keep his bladder from spilling its flood down his legs.

But, now with a broken foot, getting up out of bed would have been hard even WITHOUT a full bladder. He first had to let go of his crotch to hold onto his crutches, prompting a teeny little dribble at the loss of the needed pressure. Then, when he hoisted himself up, a panicked, trembling spurt jetted out and he whimpered. “Ah—!!” he gasped. He wanted to hold himself, but his hands were busy. He wanted to cross his legs, but he couldn’t without upsetting his foot. All he could do was grind his thighs together and that just wasn’t enough!

“W—Want me to— Help you hold it?” Dwight asked, unsure of how exactly to phrase what he was trying to offer.

Kenneth nodded frantically. He needed help! It was coming out!

Dwight blushed and pressed his own hand against Kenneth’s crotch, whom bucked thankfully into the pressure. “Is… Is that helping you?”

“Yesss, don’t let go!” Kenneth moaned.

Feeling a little strange by the whole arrangement, Dwight helped Kenneth towards the restroom. Once inside, he discovered Kenneth needed a little assistance getting his pants down since he couldn’t keep both feet planted on the ground. Kenneth was shifting his hips around like mad, and he asked Dwight to please, please not let go of him.

“I have to,” Dwight said. “I’ll help you get your pants down, and then you won’t have to worry about anything anymore.” Trying not to make this any rougher on Kenneth than it already was, Dwight quickly unclasped his friend’s belt, undid his buttons and zip, and lowered his pants while Kenneth stayed balanced with his crutches. Kenneth felt very embarrassed having Dwight pull his clothes down for him, but he knew it would be a lot harder to do this by himself right now and he didn’t feel like he had very much time left to spare.

Dwight felt heat fill his face, as well as a few other areas, while he worked on Kenneth’s clothes. Even if he was only pulling Kenneth’s pants down so that he could urinate, he couldn’t help but feel excited. ‘Nothing’s going to happen,’ he reminded himself. ‘Kenneth’s going to pee. That’s it. And he needs your help to do that, so focus.’

Kenneth very nearly lifted the seat on the toilet out of habit but stopped himself. Once he was seated, he did feel at least sort of relieved. His bladder hadn’t released, of course, but his good foot was no longer being made to support all of his weight and he didn’t have to worry about balancing with his crutches anymore. So, that was at least nice.

After a minute or so of him sitting there with his bladder still as full as ever, any relief he was feeling faded away. He gave a pained moan. “Dwight, I need to go so badly…” he said, his whole body trembling. It wasn’t only desperation that was making him shiver, it was also the nervousness. He knew how silly it was. No one was going to harm him here. Dwight had already seen every part of his body, so it shouldn’t have mattered that he could see them again now… But, still, Kenneth was anxious.

Dwight looked at his friend and felt his stomach drop at how much he was shaking. He was shaking the way he did when Dwight had FIRST started helping him out with his bladder, or when he was in an EXTREMELY stressful environment. He shouldn’t have been THIS nervous when it was just the two of them in their own room.

“You HAVE peed sitting down before,” Dwight tried. “Technically. The times you’ve used bottles in bed. You were sitting then.” He badly wished that they had a bottle he could use NOW, since he knew for sure that Kenneth would be able to do it.

“That’s different, I just unzipped then,” Kenneth said.

Of course, Dwight had known that that was a major difference. Maybe not to most people, but to Kenneth it was a very IMPORTANT difference… He turned to the sink and cranked it on.

“Ohh—!” Kenneth moaned as the sound drove painful daggers into his bladder. He jiggled around where he sat.

“Don’t,” Dwight said. “If you squirm like that, you won’t be able to go.”

“Dwight, I can’t hold it…” Kenneth whimpered.

“I know,” Dwight said. “Stop trying. You don’t have to hold it right now. You’re safe. Just let it out. I’m right here.”

“I can’t…” Kenneth winced. “I have to go so bad, and I can’t… It hurts…”

Dwight’s heart clenched. He knew that, in a way, this was his fault. He hated himself for being dumb enough to just leave the crutches in a random place. It was his fault Kenneth had ended up holding it this long. And, while he knew that, had Kenneth had access to his crutches, he would have attempted to do this standing up and risked falling and hurting himself, he still couldn’t help but feel awful.

He knelt down beside Kenneth. He couldn’t hold him and rub his shoulders like always, but maybe he could still help him calm down. He combed a hand through Kenneth’s hair. “Shh… I’m here… Let it go now… Listen to the faucet…” He ran his hand down Kenneth’s face, down his body and then caressed the top of his thigh, and—

“Ah—!” Kenneth gasped out, and for a second Dwight thought he’d managed to soothe him into peeing. But, the only sound of running water in the room was still from the sink.

“Kenneth, what’s—“

“Well, now I REALLY can’t go!” Kenneth said, his voice wavering with something Dwight didn’t recognize. There was embarrassment, but there was also something else…

“Why n—“ Dwight stopped, realizing that one of the places he’d tried massaging Kenneth’s anxiety away HAD had an effect, just not the effect they’d both been hoping for.

Kenneth’s cock had stiffened, and he was trying his best to cover it up. “I’m sorry!” he said. “I didn’t mean to!”

“I’M sorry!” Dwight said. “I was just trying to— I guess when I touched your thigh, that was kind of close to your— I’m sorry.” Dwight had always had trouble urinating with an erection, and he was sure it was even worse for Kenneth whom already had so much trouble urinating just in general. He hadn’t helped Kenneth at all, he’d made it worse, and— And he REALLY wished that this wasn’t turning him on right now.

It SHOULDN’T have been. Instead of fixing Kenneth’s problem, he’d just given him another one. He shouldn’t have been feeling so excited. So what if it was kind of hot that Kenneth’s body had such a strong reaction to such a small touch. So what? It shouldn’t have been making Dwight feel so warm. It shouldn’t have been making him think of how fun it would be to mess around with Kenneth right now. It shouldn’t have been making him remember how cute and limp and relaxed Kenneth got after he climaxed.

‘Limp and relaxed…’ Dwight thought.

No.

That was a horrible idea.

It probably wouldn’t even work.

Kenneth would be disgusted if Dwight even suggested it.

What if someone found out?

‘Inside this room, when the door is locked, and we stay as quiet as we can… We’re together.’ That’s what Kenneth had told him.

And, well, they were in their room. The door was locked. And Dwight was sure they could stay mostly quiet… Even though he was sure that THIS was not Kenneth’s top priority right now, Dwight asked; “Do you mind if I touch you?”

Kenneth’s jiggling and squirming stopped for a second. But only for a second. His bladder was thrashing and he was bursting and he just needed to go so, so much… “Now?!” he asked, incredulous.

“Yes,” Dwight nodded. “Because, last time I… Touched you that way, you were super relaxed and calm afterwards, I wanted to see if maybe—“

Kenneth had never felt such an extreme mixture of embarrassment and excitement in his life. Dwight wanted to jerk him off… Because it just might make him pee? Kenneth couldn’t deny that, after an orgasm, he did always feel light and floaty and relaxed, all the things he needed to feel in order to drain his bladder… It might actually work.

He wasn’t certain of it though. He wasn’t certain of a lot of things. First, he wasn’t certain if he… Well, if he could actually ‘finish’ in this state. His bladder was hurting him very, very badly. The pain in his middle was as intense as Hell, and even if Kenneth thought Dwight’s hand felt downright Heavenly around the sensitive flesh of his cock, he didn’t know if the pleasure Dwight would inevitably bring him would be enough to cancel out the agony he was already in. Kenneth was so incredibly inexperienced in these matters, he’d had so few orgasms that weren’t the result of wet dreams, he didn’t know if a person could actually cum if they were also feeling pain.

Second, he wasn’t certain if Dwight was offering this because he WANTED to do it, or if he was only offering it because there was a chance it would help Kenneth. Kenneth didn’t want to take advantage of Dwight in that way, make him feel like he just HAD to pleasure him. “You don’t have to do that,” Kenneth said.

“I’d like to,” Dwight said. “I want to if you want to. And it might help you out… I mean, you’re definitely not going to pee very easily with… THAT going on.”

Kenneth knew Dwight was correct. His cock hadn’t softened up even a little in all the time he’d spent mulling this over. If anything, it felt stiffer, all of the blood in his body seeming to flow south. “I… I want you to,” Kenneth admitted.

Dwight reached his hand out, then paused. His own pants were growing uncomfortably tight, and as an idea flashed through his mind, it got worse. ‘This isn’t about you,’ he admonished himself. ‘This is about helping Kenneth feel better.’

“Dwight…” Kenneth whined out. So many feelings were flitting through his mind and body right now, he felt like he’d explode in so many different ways. His bladder felt like it was about to crack open, his cock ached for Dwight’s touch… “I—“

Dwight timidly drew his hand closer to himself. He felt awful making Kenneth keep waiting, especially since he wasn’t entirely sure that bringing him off would do anything to help his bladder at all. But… He wanted— No, he NEEDED— for Kenneth to do this. “Kenneth… Can… Um… Can you… Could you maybe order me to?”

What little blood wasn’t already contained within Kenneth’s member flew to his face. This was a new feeling. It was new and exciting and made him need Dwight’s strokes more than anything. He needed Dwight touching him more than he needed to pee— And that was saying a lot, because holy FUCK did Kenneth need to pee. Even through his desperation, even through his shyness, even through his uncertainty and confusion, Kenneth found his voice. And not his normal one, either. His commanding one, his tough one, his ‘you’d better do what I say if you know what’s good for you’ one.

“Dwight,” Kenneth said. “I order you to touch me RIGHT now! And do it right!” He wasn’t sure what the Hell that last part was even supposed to mean, he didn’t think there was a ‘wrong’ way Dwight could do this, after all.

But, Dwight had a very clear reaction to those words, Kenneth could see the bulge growing in his pants as he slipped his hand between Kenneth’s legs. He grasped hold of Kenneth’s aching cock, so sensitive with the need to release his cum and piss. Dwight began to rub up and down, slow at first, then faster and faster.

“O—Ohhhhh….” Kenneth moaned quietly. He had never, ever felt something like this before. Dwight’s hand was so skilled at figuring out what Kenneth liked, and he was already leaking little bits of precum. But, underneath all the ecstasy, the pressure in his bladder was still ever present. The swollen ball of urine was pressing forcefully downwards against his opening. The result was that his tip was unbelievably sensitive, and every light stroke there drew forth another groaning gasp. “Dwight… Dwight— I— I DEMAND that you go faster—!” he managed between pants.

Dwight had unzipped his pants and had begun stroking his own cock lightly as he continued pumping Kenneth’s. Hearing Kenneth commanding him… It was almost enough to make Dwight come right there. He followed Kenneth’s orders, increasing the speed of his strokes, and being rewarded by more gasps and cries of pleasure.

Kenneth did not close his eyes even as the waves of pleasure made it harder to keep them open. He didn’t want to stop looking at Dwight. That concentrated expression on his face, the shine of sweat on his brow, the pink flush to his cheeks… Kenneth could feel the end building, and he almost commanded Dwight to stop so that it would last longer, but Kenneth needed the release. He needed every kind of release right now. He needed to cum so hard he saw stars. He needed to pee until he was completely dried out and floaty with relief. He needed to limp his way back into bed and fall asleep as Dwight held him. He needed release.

As soon as he’d thought that, the heat inside his body burned a little too brightly and he shook as his cum splattered up and over his chest. “Ohhh!” His whole body shook, his ears rang and his vision went haywire.

Dwight released Kenneth’s cock— Then quickly grabbed hold of it again as he realized that, as soon as Kenneth’s orgasm had subsided, his pee had begun to gush from his tip instead. He guided it back downwards, allowing Kenneth’s urine stream to continue flowing uninterrupted into the bowl with a loud, spattery hiss.

Kenneth blinked, a little dazed from his intense orgasm, before realizing that he now felt amazing in a different way. His bladder was finally deflating, the pressure fading away drop by drop by drop. Another moan tore through him then, “Ahhhh….” His chest heaved up and down and he slumped back against the tank of the toilet.

Dwight made himself stop pumping his own cock and asked breathlessly, “Feeling better? Did that help you?”

“I feel so good right now, Dwight…” Kenneth barely managed to say between gasps for air. And he did feel good. He felt like he could float away. Every nerve and synapse in his body was either overcome with pleasure or so relaxed that he felt like he could fall asleep right then and there. His urine gushed and gushed and gushed, forcefully striking the water underneath him, an absolute torrent of liquid, and all he had to do was just sit back and enjoy how wonderful it all felt.

He was glad he’d finally managed to relieve himself sitting down, but he didn’t think he’d want to do it very often, seeing as he DID still feel pretty raw and vulnerable at the moment— But, right now, he felt raw and vulnerable with the only person in the world that he was OKAY with being raw and vulnerable around. He didn’t mind it one bit.

Now, he DID let his eyes go closed, he let his lips part, he let his bladder just keep draining and draining until nothing but a little drizzle was still coming out, which ceased after a few more seconds.

“All done?” Dwight asked once Kenneth’s stream had quieted down. “Bett—“

He was interrupted by the sound of another brief but powerful spurt of liquid hissing against the porcelain. “O—Okay,” Kenneth said once it had stopped. “N-NOW I’m done.” He reached to shake himself off, then Dwight gently helped him up and assisted him with pulling his pants back up and re-zipping them. Dwight looked then at the semen stuck to his shirt and realized that it would need to be washed off. Most likely in the sink for now, it wouldn’t be good if someone saw that particular stain.

Kenneth managed to get back to his bed on his crutches alone while Dwight tried to clean off his shirt. Once Dwight had returned and handed Kenneth a new shirt to put on, Kenneth said; “Um… That was… That was kind of… Weird, wasn’t it?”

Dwight didn’t say anything. He supposed ‘Requesting that your friend, who’s really a lot more than a friend, to command you to give him a hand job while you help him pee because he has a shy bladder’ probably wasn’t the most normal thing in the world to be doing. “Kind of,” he agreed. “Not bad though, right?”

“No,” Kenneth shook his head. “It wasn’t bad. It worked, after all. And, I badly needed for SOMETHING to work. Even if it was a little strange.” He paused, shaking his head again. “Well. A LOT strange,” he corrected himself.

“You liked it, though?” Dwight asked. He hated how whiny he sounded, but this was all so new, so different. He wanted to be able to keep doing these things with Kenneth, to keep being able to touch him and be touched by him in every way possible. He didn’t want to mess it up.

“Yes, I did enjoy it,” Kenneth said. “There was one thing I did not care for though.”

Dwight frowned. ‘It was the ‘order me’ thing,’ he thought. ‘It was definitely the ‘order me’ thing. He thought it was too weird.’ He was at least a little surprised Kenneth hadn’t enjoyed that, Kenneth LIKED to feel in charge after all… He would have thought that taking a controlling, dominant role while they did these things would be the sort of thing Kenneth loved. He wouldn’t FORCE Kenneth to do that if he didn’t like it, of course. He was just a little shocked that he didn’t—

“You made me climax,” Kenneth said. “But, you made YOURSELF stop before you reached that point.” Blushing and covering his face a little. “And… And I… I ORDER you to let me get you there?”

Dwight’s heart started to pound. “You…”

“O—Only if you want me to, of course,” Kenneth said quickly, realizing that perhaps his exact wording had made it seem like Dwight didn’t have a real choice. “If you don’t want—“

“I want to,” Dwight said, interrupting him.

“Heh, alright then. I COMMAND you to pull your pants down and sit next to me.”

*068*2022-02-27 18:28

Dwight thought that the worst thing about Kenneth’s foot was the fact that it was now safer for him to sleep alone in his own bed at night. Lights out was the only chance they really had to get as close to one another as they wanted. Kenneth’s injury had taken that away.

Kenneth thought that the worst thing about his broken foot, aside from the pain itself, was how much extra help it meant he needed. While he had definitely… enjoyed the extra help Dwight had given in the restroom, it was maddening to need assistance with slowly walking short distances when he used to be able to run for miles easily. He hated needing help, and he hated that his injury had made it so that he needed more help than ever.

Both were relieved when Kenneth had healed up enough to no longer need his crutches or cast. He was ready to get back to his regular life.

Then, Bryce reminded him that, now he was better, he still needed to retake the fitness exam soon. Kenneth groaned at that. He was, at least, always ABLE to do the things the exam required of him, but quite a few of them were very difficult for him and NONE of them were all that enjoyable.

“Tomorrow,” Bryce said. “That is the final day I have to submit this information. If it is not turned in before noon, we will likely BOTH be disciplined.”

Kenneth knew that Bryce WOULD be in trouble if he didn’t have all the paperwork in order. Bryce’s superiors were so strict and stern that he didn’t even think “But his foot was literally broken!” would suffice as an excuse for any tardiness in submitting Kenneth’s fitness report.

“I’m sure you’ll do great,” Dwight said that night. “Don’t worry.” He was already in his bed even though it was not yet time for light’s out. Excitement was bubbling in his chest; Kenneth was well enough to share the bed with him finally!

Kenneth nodded. He wasn’t looking forward to trying to climb a tree again. As unlikely as it was that the same thing would happen twice, it still made him feel apprehensive

When Kenneth started towards his own bed, Dwight couldn’t bite back the disappointed sounding groan that built in the back of his throat.

“Hm?” Kenneth asked.

“Your foot’s better,” Dwight stated.

“I know.”

“That means you don’t need to…” Dwight trailed off. He couldn’t believe how dry his mouth had suddenly gotten. What was the matter with him? He was talking to Kenneth! Talking to Kenneth was supposed to be the easiest god damned thing in the world! It was supposed to be as simple as breathing! But, tonight his stomach was tied in knots and his tongue along with it. “I just— I thought that maybe…”

Kenneth looked down at his feet. He wanted to. He REALLY wanted to. A bed just felt so empty and cold without someone next to him. “The door is locked?”

“Yes,” Dwight said. “I already checked.”

Kenneth checked again anyway. “I… I guess we could…” he said. His heart was thrumming and he could hear blood rushing in his ears. He wished he could calm down. He and Dwight had shared a bed lots of times before. They’d done it every so often ever since they were little. But, it felt so different now. How could something that used to feel so mundane suddenly make him feel so intense?

Kenneth approached Dwight’s bed and laid himself down beside him. Somehow, Dwight’s bed felt softer than his own ever had. And, even though it was meant for a single occupant, he didn’t feel the least bit cramped sharing it with someone else. He didn’t feel any of that tightness or panic, he didn’t feel any sense of confinement, none of the things he usually suffered through when he was in a small space. When Dwight put his arm around him and pulled him in close, there was no fear, he didn’t feel trapped. He felt so safe and so warm. He finally understood why other people called enclosed spaces cozy.

Kenneth snuggled into Dwight’s arms, feeling sleepy already. “Goodnight,” he said. “I… Um… I… I really, really care about you…”

Dwight smiled, giving the back of Kenneth’s neck a short kiss. “I really, really care about you too…” he said.

***

Kenneth had to use the restroom VERY badly, and he was so angry with himself for it. If he’d remembered to do it before falling asleep last night, then his bladder would certainly not be THIS full now. But, he HADN’T gone before falling asleep last night. He’d been too exhausted. Not being allowed to sleep for three days had a way of doing that to a person.

Father liked to control every aspect of Kenneth’s life. Just like he controlled and monitored when Kenneth urinated, Father had rules about Kenneth’s sleeping patterns as well. Father would sometimes force him to stand all night, just outside his bedroom doorway where he could keep watch of him. Father would fall asleep, and Kenneth would continue to stand there. Kenneth would get so tired that eventually his body couldn’t take it anymore and he’d slump to the floor and lose consciousness.

When Father found him there the next morning, fast asleep, he would be furious at him for disobeying orders and would kick him down the stairs as punishment. Kenneth would be jolted awake and his mind would barely even be able to comprehend what had happened.

Eventually, Kenneth had fallen asleep outside the door one too many times, so Father imposed a new rule to prevent that from happening. Rather than just standing there all night, he would instead be required to run up and down the stairs. “I can’t trust you to stay awake all night otherwise, you little shit!”

Usually, Father only did this to him once a week, but for whatever reason he’d chosen to do it to him three nights in a row. After that final night, Kenneth was dead on his feet, so fatigued that he continually nearly fell asleep standing up. “Oh God, you lazy brat!” Father kept shouting. “Keep your eyes open!”

By the time night finally came yesterday, and Father was going to bed, Kenneth could have wept with relief when he didn’t order him to jog up and down the stairs. He was going to be allowed to rest. Finally.

Ordinarily, once Father was asleep, Kenneth would rush to the toilet immediately. He would finally have privacy in which to relieve himself, no one shouting at him or shaming him for his countless inadequacies. He’d always pee very softly, aiming his stream so it wouldn’t hit the water directly. Since he was always so ridiculously desperate to go at the end of each day, he struggled to keep himself from vocalizing how good it felt to let it all out. So, often he’d stuff a washcloth into his mouth in order to muffle any groans or sighs of relief.

But, last night Kenneth had been too exhausted to even notice his bladder. The minute he’d dragged himself to the closet in which Father had designated he was allowed to sleep, he was out cold. So, when he woke this morning, much later than he normally did, Kenneth was almost knocked sideways by the shock at how badly he needed to use the toilet.

He immediately put his hands between his trembling legs as he struggled to his feet. Then, remembering how angry Father got when he put his hands there, forced them to move and stuffed them into his mouth to chew on them instead. He felt more well rested finally, but he also felt like an enormous ball of fire was inside his abdomen. ‘Maybe he’s not awake yet,’ Kenneth thought. ‘Ohhh, please don’t let him be awake yet! I cannot wait all day!’

He moved to the restroom as quickly as he could, knowing he was in a race against time in two ways; his bladder’s ability to hold it, and his Father’s inevitable appearance. He reached the door to the toilet. ‘Oh, I am going to have an accident! Hurry!’ He grabbed the doorknob, but it wouldn’t move. ‘No, please!’ he thought desperately.

He remembered a few other times when Father had locked the door to the restroom, and how each of those times had ended with him creating a puddle on the floor just outside of it. Kenneth actually HOPED that was what Father had done this time, because the alternative was that Father was awake already and IN there. At least, if the door was just locked, Kenneth could try to find a container to release his waters into. A while ago, Dwight had told him that it was actually okay to go into a container if he REALLY needed to!

He scurried back; A container wouldn’t be too hard to find. Father left his empty bottles all over the place all the time. One of those would be a perfectly suitable emergency bathroom. He found one on the floor a few steps from the restroom and scrambled to pick it up. Oh, relief at last! A hand busied itself at the button on his shorts as his thighs squeezed together tight. Just a few more seconds, just a few more sec—

The door to the restroom opened and his Father stumbled out. “The Hell are you doing?” he demanded.

Kenneth jolted and dropped the bottle, a spurt of pee trickling down his leg with fright. “N—Nothing, sir…” he said. He hoped Father had actually wanted him to respond then, otherwise he was about to be punished for speaking without permission.

“You know you aren’t allowed to drink my shit,” Father said.

Kenneth danced from foot to foot. He hadn’t been drinking anything. Just the thought of drinking something right now made him want to cry.

“What’s wrong with you?” Father demanded.

“I… I need the toilet,” Kenneth said. “Please? May I?”

“No,” Father said. “You just went yesterday, that’s enough.”

Kenneth HAD gone yesterday. He’d urinated on himself while Father had been belting him for dropping a plate. Which he’d only dropped because of a combination of the exhaustion from his lack of sleep, and the distraction caused by his full bladder.

But, that had been at around five in the afternoon. So many hours ago. He had to go again now! “F—Father,” he said. “I— I really need—“

“I don’t give a shit what you think you need,” Father said. “You get WHAT I give you WHEN I give it to you. I’m sick of having this argument with you every day.”

That didn’t make much sense to Kenneth. There wouldn’t even BE an argument if Father would just let him go pee when he needed to… Was it really so bad to use the toilet when he was about to have an accident? Father peed all the time… Why were the rules different for him? ‘But, I can’t hold it…’ Kenneth thought miserably.

“I needed to talk to you about something anyway,” Father said. “I’m sure you’re wondering why I haven’t been letting you sleep lately.”

Kenneth looked up. Without realizing it, his hands had returned to their spot between his legs. Every few seconds his thighs would tense themselves around them.

“Your friend,” Father said. “Dwayne?”

“D—Dwight…” Kenneth corrected.

“Yes,” Father said. “At the pub, a few of my friends have spoken to me about the two of you. They’ve seen you holding hands.”

Kenneth didn’t reply. He didn’t know if he was allowed to, and didn’t know what he’d even say if he was. He didn’t understand it. Why did Father’s drinking buddies tell him about that? Why had it even been interesting enough for them to remember seeing?

“How do you think that made me feel?” Father asked. “To have someone come up to me and say ‘That boy of yours is a fairy’?”

‘A… what?’ Kenneth wondered. He knew about the fairies in the books his Mother read to him when he was smaller, but he had no idea what Father was talking about.

“Are they right?” Father asked. “Did I raise a dysfunctional sodomite?”

Kenneth didn’t know what that meant either, but it sounded like something bad, so he shook his head. He was so confused. Nothing Father was saying made any sense, but he was obviously very angry, and that was scary, and Kenneth just needed the bathroom SO badly, and—

“You made me into a fucking laughingstock that night,” Father said. He approached Kenneth and shoved him backwards, causing him to stumble and for his bladder to leak again. “Move your fucking hands, or so HELP me—“

Kenneth untucked his hands from the crease between his legs, but he still needed to pee so much, and he couldn’t hold it—

“Tell me,” Father said. “Tell me you’re a fucking fairy.”

Kenneth couldn’t find his voice, it was lost to his confusion and desperation.

“TELL ME!” Father shouted.

Kenneth started to cry, tears streaming down his face. “I—I don’t understand!” he wailed out. “I don’t know! I don’t know! I don’t know!” he kept repeating. “Please, I don’t know what that means! I— I need the toilet, please just—“

Father slapped him across the face and he stumbled to the floor. A stream started to jet into his shorts and he pressed his hands against himself, desperate to stop it. He managed to halt the flow, but so much still had to come out, and he still didn’t know what Father was talking about, and he NEEDED for this to end.

“I don’t give a SHIT,” Father snarled. “God, I can’t even fucking look at you… You’re a revulsion.” He took a few steps away from Kenneth. “Your useless Mother couldn’t even give me a proper son, could she?”

And then, something very strange happened. Something flamed through Kenneth’s veins, pooling red hot in his belly before surging upwards with fiery heat. This feeling had only happened once before, when Kenneth had been defending Dwight from a bully, and THAT time it had ended with him knocking some of the bully’s teeth out.

Kenneth didn’t hit his Father, but he did do something else that was sure to get him into trouble.

He yelled.

“Don’t you DARE talk about her,” Kenneth shouted, the words pouring out of him so quickly he had no time to reign them back in, bursting forth with the intensity of hot peppers. “Don’t you DARE. You keep her name out of your mouth, you disgusting, vile bastard! My Mother was nice and loving and everything you’re not, you’re—“

Father had been momentarily too shocked by Kenneth’s sudden show of insolence to do anything about it, but once he’d caught his bearings again he gripped a fistful of his son’s hair and lifted him up by it. Kenneth screamed from pain as agony blazed a trail through his scalp. He didn’t even notice he’d lost control over his bladder until his Father shouted; “You filthy little bastard!” and dropped him. Kenneth immediately collapsed back onto his knees, a puddle spreading out beneath him despite his best efforts to stop it. He sobbed so hard he could barely breathe, tears practically blinding him to the point he could barely see Father loosening his belt.

***

Dwight woke up when he felt Kenneth beginning to squirm against him. Groggily, he looked to his side and saw Kenneth with a pained expression on his face. Thinking his friend was probably having a nightmare, and remembering how deeply he slept, Dwight shook him a little, very harshly.

Blearily, Kenneth’s eyes cracked open. They widened slightly, his heart rate starting to slow back down. He wasn’t with his Father. His Father was dead. He was safe in a nice, warm bed. He was safe in a nice, warm bed and Dwight was right there. He started to close his eyes again, before noticing a discomfort that had followed him from his dream.

Dwight started to rub his back, “Shhhh… Just a dream,” he said. “I’m here. You’re always safe when I’m here…Do you need to talk about it?”

“Just… Just another memory of my Father,” Kenneth said. “One of the times he… One of the times he made me have an…” He squirmed from more than just embarrassment.

“Oh…” Dwight said. “Try not to feel ashamed, you were only little. And, it was all your dad’s fault.” He felt silly trying to console Kenneth for an accident that had happened years ago.

“I know…” Kenneth mumbled sleepily. He wanted to rest more. He was still so tired, and Dwight was so warm. His eyelids were too heavy…

When Kenneth began snoring again, Dwight stroked his back a few more times before gently kissing his neck. “No more bad dreams, okay darling?” he murmured.

***

Kenneth woke the next morning to a flutter of nerves. He wasn’t normally this anxious before a fitness exam, even if he did always dread them. This time, however, remembering the pain in his foot after everything went wrong… He couldn’t help but feel a lot of trepidation.

He also REALLY didn’t want to get out of bed. He wanted to lay there forever, cuddling Dwight and feeling so, so fuzzy and warm inside.

“Time to get dressed,” Dwight said.

Kenneth begrudgingly dragged himself out of bed. He grabbed his uniform and was about to head for the restroom, but made himself stop. Dwight changed out in the main area of their room every day, and Kenneth had secretly enjoyed watching it happen every single time. Would Dwight… Like to see him do it too?

‘Dwight’s already seen everything,’ Kenneth reminded himself. He quickly yanked off his pajama shirt and bottoms, exposing the legs and arms he always thought of as too twiggy, the skin he’d always known was too pasty, and the chest he always viewed as being much too concave. His body was just too small and unappealing!

Dwight, whom was about to remove his own pajamas, stopped cold. Kenneth was really doing this; He was changing right out in the open instead of behind the locked bathroom door, and Dwight stared. He stared at Kenneth’s graceful arms and lithe legs. He stared at Kenneth’s very kissable skin. He stared at Kenneth’s cute little nipples and smooth, flat stomach. His body was just too supple and hot!

Kenneth got dressed a little too quickly for Dwight’s liking. He seemed to be rushing through it as fast as he could, and when he was done he was pink in the face and breathing a little funny. Dwight wondered if he should say something. But what? ‘Good job’ sounded too patronizing. ‘Do it again, but slowly’? No, he didn’t want to come off as perverse…

“I… I wish you could see your body the way I do,” Dwight finally said.

Kenneth blushed more. Dwight HAD liked watching him change. Maybe he could convince himself to do it more often…

When Kenneth arrived in the field for his fitness exam, he finally realized the mistake his little change in routine had caused. Every morning, Kenneth went into the bathroom to change his clothes. First, he would pull off his pajama pants, then he would immediately turn to face the toilet and relieve his bladder of all the urine his kidneys had so rudely pumped into it during the night. After that, he would take off his shirt and put on his uniform.

Today though, he hadn’t gone into the bathroom to change, and so one of the most important steps of his routine had been skipped over; He had not peed. He remembered then how he’d woken in the night, needing to go, and had instead quickly fallen back asleep. Now that it was time for his exam, his bladder was throbbing and letting him know how unhappy it was about being ignored like this.

Dwight normally reminded him before they left for the day, though! He always asked “Kenneth, are you ready?” just in case Kenneth had forgotten his morning piss! And he hadn’t done that today! Kenneth momentarily felt a bit of frustration towards his friend, but tamped it down. HE’D forgotten it too after all, even though it was HIS bladder!

“Okay,” Bryce said. “We are going to need to get through this a little faster than usual, I am already late to submitting these forms. Are you ready to begin?”

Kenneth wanted to shake his head, say he had to pee first, but he knew that that would never work. It would take him at least twenty minutes to walk to his barrack, then a couple minutes to pee, and then another twenty minutes to walk back here. If he could just go right here in the field, then sure, he’d ask. But, he couldn’t do it here. The field was totally open, save for a few sparse trees, and his bladder would never surrender to his demands out here. “Yes, I’m ready,” he said.

“Good,” Bryce said. “No breaking your foot this time, alright?”

Kenneth groaned. “I didn’t INTEND to do that.”

“Sure,” Bryce said. “So first, I need to see how many push-ups you can do.”

Kenneth groaned again. He hated doing push-ups. His arms always got so sore so quickly. He got himself into position and—

‘Oh my God!’

It was like all of his body weight was being pushed against his bladder. Literally all of it. It felt like the poor organ was being smushed under a big stack of cinderblocks. It felt like it was being squeezed between a pair of forceps. It felt like it was being squished inside of a juicer. When he’d been standing beside Bryce, rocking from side to side ever so slightly, it hadn’t felt like he’d been having an emergency. His need had been there of course, it had been noticeable, but it had been more annoying than anything else. But, this change in position, this extra stress being put onto his body… This was a bad idea. He couldn’t do this. He could NOT take this exam without first relieving himself, it would be impossible.

“Bryce—“

“Start,” Bryce said.

Kenneth obeyed. Every time he lowered himself, he felt his bladder twist and turn. He wanted to cross his legs, but that was impossible. He wanted to hold himself, but that was impossible. He wanted to PEE, but that was the most impossible thing of all. All he could do was kind of tighten his thigh muscles a little bit and hope for the best. All of his focus was just on his bladder, as he robotically lifted his body up and down over and over again. The burning tightness in his arm muscles couldn’t even register overtop of the screaming, pleading whines from inside his abdomen.

He clenched his teeth so hard he was scared he was going to crack them when his bladder gave a pained, shuddering jolt. He had to stop this, but giving up would mean allowing his body to collapse onto the dirt ground beneath him. And he knew what would happen if he did that, he would be laying right on top of his bladder, and the pain would be absolutely awful. He managed a few more push-ups, then was able to gently drag himself to his feet, which immediately began to bounce. The sudden shift in gravity had caused the liquid inside his body to slosh downwards, but the intense pressure of all his weight compressing his bladder was no longer there.

“Wow, Paulson,” Bryce said. “That’s twice as many as last time!” He made a note on his clipboard. “Still nowhere near as many as I can do, of course, but still a step above what a three year old girl can do, which is more than I can say for your usual performa—“

“Bryce, can we stop for a moment?” Kenneth interrupted.

“No, we most certainly cannot,” Bryce said. “Like I told you, I’m already behind schedule and I am not in the mood to be yelled at today.”

Kenneth frowned. “What’s next?”

“Next is the tree climbing thing,” Bryce said.

Kenneth winced.

“However,” Bryce went on, lowering his voice. “If you promise not to tell anyone, I will just make up a time for this one, you won’t have to actually do it… Let’s say you managed to climb to the top in about three minutes? Does that sound reasonable?”

Kenneth nodded. He didn’t want to go near those trees again after last time, and anything that made this end sooner and got him to the toilet faster was a great idea to him.

“Now, I’m not doing this to be nice to you,” Bryce added. “I just feel that this part of the exam is dangerous and stupid, so I have chosen not to administer it. It has nothing to do with you. Next up, I need to see how many sit-ups you can do.”

“Okay,” Kenneth said. Generally, he was a bit better at sit-ups than he was at push-ups. His back would start to ache eventually, but he could usually push through that for a while before he just HAD to stop. He laid down on the ground and waited for Bryce to tell him to start.

Laying there, his bladder actually felt pretty alright. He still definitely needed a restroom break, but he wasn’t worried about anything bursting. When Bryce told him to start and he curled his body in on itself, though—

“Ah!” Kenneth was unable to stop the pained cry that flew from his lips. Nor could he stop the squirt of pee that soaked into his boxers. When he brought his torso up, his bladder was squeezed so much it was like it was getting stomped on by an elephant.

“Paulson…?” Bryce asked. “Is your foot still bothering y—“

“I’m f-f-fine!” Kenneth managed to choke out, dropping backwards. He’d completed one sit-up, and his bladder was BEGGING him not to attempt a second. “Bryce, I’m very sorry, I forgot to—“

“Keep going,” Bryce said. “I know you can do more than that.”

Kenneth knew he could do more than one sit-up, too. He knew he could do a lot more than one. He could always do a lot more than one. Just, normally he wasn’t also trying to complete a different sort of exercise at the same time. Sit-ups were supposed to strengthen his core muscles, he knew. But, the only muscles being worked out right now were the ones in charge of his bladder.

He forced himself to go through the motions again, and again his bladder shrieked as it was compressed in on itself, and again Kenneth leaked. He couldn’t do this. He absolutely couldn’t. If he did it one more time, he’d have an accident for sure. He stood himself up, hunched over slightly and squirming.

“Paulson,” Bryce said. “What’s the matter? My grandmother could do better than that!”

“I need to—“

“Are you sure you have healed?” Bryce asked. “Did you not rest and take the medication as you were told t—“

“Bryce, I can’t do this!” Kenneth interrupted. His bladder was throbbing with wild fervor. He may have stopped leaking, but he could feel more urine desperately forcing its way down his shaft, he could feel tiny droplets slipping through his urethra. Not enough to bring him even the slightest hint of relief, but just enough to fill him with shame and to create a taunting damp patch in his boxers. He crossed his legs overtop of each other, shaking with need as a hand flew to his mouth, teeth sinking into the delicate skin of his pinky finger.

“You are still sore?” Bryce guessed. “You need time to rest between exerci—“ He stopped. “You… Are dying for a piss right now, aren’t you?”

Kenneth tried to fight back the heat filling his cheeks, but he couldn’t. “I forgot to relieve myself this morning…”

Bryce blinked at Kenneth. Personally, he couldn’t imagine how it would be possible for someone to forget to take a leak immediately after waking up. Every morning of Bryce’s life began with him scrambling madly to the nearest appropriate place to urinate— Not that he’d ever admit that. And he’d certainly never admit to any of the unpleasant events Bryce had endured that had been caused by a combination of morning wood and a very full bladder.

It didn’t matter how much Bryce drank before bed, or if he woke up during the night to go, as soon as morning came he’d always be ready to burst. He’d always thought everyone was like that, and during training had been stunned by how easily some other people were able to hold off until they got their turn to use the toilet. Meanwhile, Bryce either had to be first in line to go each morning or he’d have no choice but to find relief outside.

Forgetting to pee after waking up was something Bryce could never imagine himself doing. And it was something he couldn’t really imagine Kenneth doing, either. Kenneth was WELL aware of all the issues he had in regards to urinating, so surely ‘Pee before you leave!’ was something hardwired into his brain by now, right?

“How could you forget that?” Bryce asked. He knew his tone was harsh, but he thought he had every right to be a little annoyed. Kenneth’s injury had already put him behind schedule, and obviously the exam couldn’t proceed when Kenneth’s bladder had swelled so much it had basically incapacitated him. But, getting Kenneth to piss was harder than trying to separate poppy seeds from peppercorns with boxing gloves on. It would not happen in a timely fashion, and Bryce was sure he’d be late to submit his paperwork, and then he’d be shouted at. “Didn’t you notice you had to go!?”

“No…” Kenneth said, miserable. “I forgot. I’m sorry. I was just… distracted.”

Bryce checked his watch; It was nearly eleven. He needed to submit Kenneth’s information by noon. Factoring in the time it would take him to get the paperwork to where it needed to go, that meant they had less than an hour to finish this up. “What the Hell could have distracted you from pissing?”

‘Dwight watching me change my clothes and then telling me how good I look…’ Kenneth’s face flushed and his pulse quickened as he tried to think of any other explanation. “I… Was nervous about the exam,” he lied. He’d barely been thinking about the exam at all. He hadn’t been thinking about anything that was important. He hadn’t been focusing on what he’d need to do to ensure he’d perform well in his exam. He hadn’t been focusing on how very important it was for him to empty his bladder before leaving each morning. He’d only been focusing on Dwight and on how how funny it made him feel to see that deep blush that spread across his face while he gazed so intently at his half-nude body. “I was…. I was just nervous.”

‘Well, you sure as Hell have a reason to be nervous about it now!’ Bryce thought bitterly.

“May I please go back and… Take care of things now?” Kenneth requested.

“Absolutely not!” Bryce snapped, shocked that Kenneth would seriously suggest that at this point. “We do NOT have the time for that. We are running SO late as it is, and it’s not my fault you’re too stupid to remember to piss!”

“I’m NOT stupid!” Kenneth shouted back. “Are you seriously going to pretend YOU’VE never forgotten anything before? Go lick a donkey’s taint!”

Bryce’s breathing evened out. Kenneth was insulting him back. That was good. That meant he wasn’t TOO bad off yet. That meant Bryce didn’t need to feel THAT bad about continuing…

Except. He did feel bad. He felt REALLY bad.

Bryce was about to make a note of the two measly sit-ups Kenneth had managed to pull off, but stopped. ‘That wouldn’t be fair…’ he thought. ‘The only reason Kenneth can’t do more than that is because he's probably holding back at least five liters of piss, it’s not because he’s out of shape…’ He glanced up. “Um, Kenneth? How many sit-ups do you normally do in two minutes? About ninety?”

“Y—Yeah, I think so,” Kenneth said. He couldn’t really do that much thinking at the moment. His brain was waterlogged, constantly pumping thoughts of babbling brooks and trickling streams into him. He tried to remember how he’d performed at previous exams, but all he could remember was how empty his bladder had felt during all of those; How much easier that had made everything.

“Okay,” Bryce said. “So… How about we say you did eighty-four this time?”

Kenneth stared at Bryce for a moment. His hand dropped out of his mouth to press against his crotch as his hips twitched and bucked against the pressure. He gnawed on his lip, but nodded at Bryce. “Wh—Why are you being so nice?”

“Well… If you do TOO terribly on this exam, it’s going to make ME look bad,” Bryce said. “I am the only other person here, no one will know if these results aren’t completely accurate. This can be our secret.”

Kenneth nodded again, twisting and shaking and almost doubling over. He was about to ask Bryce if he could please just make up the results for the REST of the tasks, but Bryce kept talking.

“Paulson… Look at yourself,” Bryce said.

Kenneth had been trying very hard NOT to do that. He’d been trying not to pay attention to how pathetically he was behaving. He’d been trying not to notice how tangled his legs were, how his whole body was trembling, how he was folding over on himself, how his hands were kneading into his crotch, displaying to all the world that he had to pee NOW. “Sh—Shut up, Bryce…”

“I am not saying that to be mean…” Bryce said. “You… You aren’t okay, Paulson.”

Fury filled Kenneth's body with heat, and he momentarily wondered if that saying ‘it made my piss boil’ could actually come true. “I KNOW that! I have to—“

“That’s not what I meant,” Bryce interrupted. He rubbed the back of his neck. He was so bad at having conversations like this. His OWN emotions were annoying enough to deal with, but talking to someone else about THEIRS was like trying to solve calculus equations when he’d only just mastered multiplication. “I mean… You are not the first person who has needed to… ‘go’ during one of these exams. And, when that happens, I just have them use one of the trees. It takes a second. It’s no big deal.”

Kenneth wished Bryce would just be quiet. He wasn’t in the mood to get into a verbal sparring match with the other man. He didn’t understand why Bryce was still trying to provoke him into one, why Bryce was teasing him like this. Kenneth was VERY well aware of how simple peeing was for the rest of the planet. He didn’t need to have his nose rubbed in it. “Stop—“

“I’m not— “ Bryce ran a hand through his hair in agitation. “Look, this… This ‘problem’ of yours. It’s not your fault, I understand that now. I promise, I understand that. I know you have not chosen this, and that it feels… Awful. But, it’s… It’s affecting you a lot. It’s affecting your performance here. It’s affecting your ability to have fun when you get a break. It’s affecting your ability to enjoy spending time out in town with the rest of us. It’s affecting your health. It’s… Affecting every aspect of your life. And it… I’m…” He ducked his head and muttered something to his shoes.

Kenneth forced himself to hobble closer to Bryce. “What?”

“I’m… worriedaboutyou.”

“Wha—“

“I said I’m worried about you!” Bryce shouted. “Jeez, when Elizabeth told me you didn’t piss for a full day, I—“

“She TOLD you!?”

Bryce stopped cold. “She… She wanted me to be aware of your health issues… That’s—“

Kenneth’s eyes started to well up. He was stunned that his body apparently had liquid left in it somewhere other than his bladder. “If you’re going to make fun of m—“

“I’m NOT going to make fun of you! That’s my whole point! I’m worried about you! I’m genuinely, seriously worried about you! This whole exam is supposed to prove to me that you’re in good physical shape, but so far instead of doing that, it’s proven that you’re not in good MENTAL shape at all!”

Kenneth’s tears continued streaming. He begged them to stop. He wanted to use his hands to wipe them away, but he didn’t even want to KNOW how much worse his bladder would feel if he let go of his dick right now. Why was it so easy to make water come out of his eyes when he so badly DIDN’T want it to, but it was impossible to make water come out of his bladder when it was the ONLY thing he wanted?!

Bryce knew immediately that he’d said the wrong thing. “No, don’t cry…” he said. He couldn’t believe he’d ever WANTED to see Kenneth cry. He couldn’t believe he’d ever thought that it would be FUNNY. Now that he’d seen it happen a few times, he knew it was one of the worst things in the world to have to watch. It always made him feel like he’d just set a kitten on fire… “Kenneth, please— I’m just trying to— I didn’t mean to insult you. Not that time, not over this. I promise. I’m just an asshole, not a monster.”

Kenneth’s tears stopped flowing, and he snickered. “Eheh…” He winced. “It huuurrrts…”

“I know…” Bryce said. “Could you… Could you just try?” He felt stupid for asking it. He knew how ‘trying’ usually worked out for Kenneth.

Kenneth shook his head.

Bryce frowned. “Well, we’re running out of time. The last thing you were supposed to do was run a few laps around the field… You’re REALLY fast… I think your record is a little under three minutes? How about this time, I say you did it in two minutes and forty seconds?”

Kenneth nodded. “I… I can’t walk back to the barrack,” he said.

Bryce looked at Kenneth’s pinched in legs and hunched, twitching body and knew he was right. “But… You can’t go out here,” he stated.

Kenneth shook his head.

“I’ll keep watch for you,” Bryce promised.

“I can’t… It’s too…” Kenneth nudged his head slightly, still unable to move his hands. “It’s too open…”

“Let’s just try it,” Bryce said. “You CAN’T walk all the way back like this. You’ve got to get it out here somehow.”

“O—Okay,” Kenneth whimpered. “Stand right behind me, alright? Promise you won’t leave.”

Bryce had the most peculiar surge of warmth flutter through his chest then. It wasn’t too long ago that Kenneth was unable to squeeze out one drop when he was around, but now he was desperate for him to stay and be his guard. “I’ll be right here.”

“No looking?”

‘Kenneth, I don’t WANT to watch you piss…’ Bryce thought. “Of course not,” he said.

Kenneth scrambled at his zipper and got himself out, panic flooding all of his nerves as he took in his barren surroundings. There was no cover. None. None that was, but the little bit of privacy Bryce’s body granted him. “Bryce, promise you’ll stay.” He couldn’t believe the words that were coming out of his mouth. Bryce was his enemy. Bryce was a jerk. Bryce was his opponent in a never ending war of name-calling and petty pranks. To his bladder though, Bryce was comforting. His bladder wanted Bryce to stay right there and protect him.

“I’m not going anywhere,” Bryce said. “Try and relax.” Nervously, he looked at his watch. Twenty minutes until noon. Twenty minutes for him to get Kenneth to pee and then run as fast as he could to turn in his paperwork. ‘Hurry up, Kenneth… Please?’ he thought, but dared not say aloud. Rushing Kenneth never ended well.

Kenneth made several pained, whimpering noises.

“Kenneth… Do you… I mean, have you got any idea why?”

“Why what?” Kenneth asked. ‘Don’t ask me questions when I’m trying to go!’ he mentally pleaded.

“Why you… Why you HAVE all of this… ‘trouble’?”

“Um… When I was little,” Kenneth began, and Bryce braced himself. He didn’t know too much about Kenneth’s childhood, but what details he was aware of were absolutely horrific. “My Father had these… Rules. He controlled everything I did. He made me go without water for days sometimes. Sleep, too. But, one of the other things he controlled was… When I… When I ‘went’.”

Kenneth shifted on his feet and shuddered. “He… I had to ask permission every time I needed to relieve my bladder. And, most of the time he’d say no, and I would end up… Not being able to wait. When he did say yes, he went with me. The whole time I tried to pee, he was always yelling at me and telling me to hurry. He’d pull my hair too, and just scream. And… Even when I needed to go really bad, I just wouldn’t be able. And then he’d get mad. He’d say I was wasting his time, and he’d hit me and stuff. And eventually… It would come out and I’d go in my clothes.”

“…Jesus, Kenneth,” Bryce breathed. “No wonder— I— I’m so sorry for all the times I made fun of you for this, I didn’t… I just didn’t know. I really thought you were just being a prude or something when you wouldn’t pee outside, I didn’t understand that you seriously couldn’t, and I had no idea WHY. I’m really, really sorry. Could you forgive me?”

“I… Have forgiven you,” Kenneth said. “You’ve helped me…”

Bryce still felt horrible. Every insult he’d ever said to Kenneth about his bladder, every mocking comment, every time he’d teased him when he’d needed to go… “Kenneth, you know what you should do?” Bryce asked. “You should go back to your hometown and take a MASSIVE piss all over your Father’s grave.”

Kenneth’s mind went blank for a second. That was such an intense thing to suggest… Kenneth knew how he should have felt. He should have felt revolted. The idea of standing in a flat cemetery with his dick out, pissing away with little to no cover to hide behind… The idea of his urine flowing uninhibited onto the dirt dumped over his Father’s wretched body. The idea of drenching the man’s final resting place in his piss, of giving him a visceral final ‘fuck you’, of showing him that even if he’d damaged him, Kenneth was still not completely broken.

The image of that did not make him feel revolted at all. It made him feel powerful. It made him feel good. It made him feel really, really good…

His quivering urethra finally gave up its struggle, and a deluge of pee began to hiss into the dirt between his feet. “Ahhhh…” As his stream picked up speed, he imagined that he wasn’t pissing in a barren field with Bryce doing his best to shield him. He was ferociously pissing an enormous, furious stream onto his Father’s grave. And Dwight was there rubbing his back and encouraging him, “Do it, Kenneth. It’s what he deserves.” And Bryce was there too, praising him and telling him how strong he was. “You aren’t weak at all. Your Father was. Only the weak pick on children.”

And Kenneth just kept flooding the grave, and it felt amazing, and his bladder was slowly shrinking down to its proper size, no longer stretching him out, no longer hurting him. He was okay. Everything was okay. Father was being drowned in his piss, and being shown who really deserved all the suffering. Kenneth shivered, unsure if it was from the pleasure of his relief, or from the way his fantasy was making him feel.

Slowly, his stream dwindled and tapered off. He was finally empty, and the world felt brighter. He zipped himself up and sighed. “Ahhh… That’s much better!” And, this time, it wasn’t just his bladder that felt better…

“G—Good job,” Bryce said, hoping it didn’t come across as patronizing. He knew that it was silly for him, a grown man, to praise another grown man for taking a piss. But, he couldn’t help it. He was proud of Kenneth for managing to do that out here. He checked his watch again. “Ah— Oh, I’ve got to go turn these papers in now!” he said, rushing off.

Kenneth stood there for a moment, trying to readjust to how it felt not to be filled up with so much piss, trying to hold onto the feelings his fantasy had given him.

*070*2022-02-28 17:25

Bryce was highly suggestible. He didn’t like to admit it, but he was. One only needed to describe the symptoms of Pneumonia to him to make him start feeling ill, and whenever anyone else yawned Bryce was unable to stop himself from doing the same. Once the power of suggestion had been placed into his mind, he was no longer as in control as he’d like to be.

This quirk was even worse when it came to his bladder. A rainstorm during the night could have Bryce up and down to pee so many times he barely got any sleep. Hearing someone pour a drink always got him crossing his legs. Once the sound of running water hit his ears in the shower, he’d be going before he even realized it; Even if it was one of the times he’d ended up needing to shower with other people. He’d gotten more than a few disgusted looks for this habit, and he’d been forced to play it off and pretend he’d released his bladder on purpose, that the water hadn’t just tempted him so much that he couldn’t restrain himself any longer. It hadn’t ever made anyone less repulsed by him ‘choosing’ to release his bladder into the bathing area that everyone was using, but at least he’d maintained the illusion that he could control everything about himself.

However, there was absolutely nothing that was worse on his bladder than hearing someone talk about peeing, listening to someone else go, or hearing a toilet flush. There had been one awful night at the bar where only one urinal was functional in the restroom, and Bryce found himself at the back of a very long line full of bursting men— None of whom, Bryce thought, could have been as desperate to go at the time as he was.

Bryce had had way too much to drink. He was both intoxicated and dying to empty his aching bladder. And the line was hardly moving. Bryce ended up enduring nine layers of Hell that night. The alcohol had dulled some of his senses, but he felt like it had only sharpened his hearing. Every time someone took their turn at the urinal, Bryce swore he heard every drop of their release, every satisfied exhale… When they then flushed the urinal, it felt to Bryce that he was being kicked in the bladder by someone wearing spiked cleats.

Worsening his misery was the fact that Dwight was right ahead of him. Dwight, the person whom could rarely manage to shut the everloving FUCK up when he was desperate for a toilet. Dwight fidgeted around in front of Bryce— Bryce trying very hard to pretend that he wasn’t performing the very same dance— moaning and whimpering the whole time. “Ohhhh, I can’t wait!” he kept whining. “I’m going to burst! Can’t this line move any faster?”

Bryce had ordered him to be silent several times. “You are being rude,” he barked.

“I can’t help it!” Dwight groaned, doubling over on himself. “I have to pee SO bad!”

“EVERYONE here does!” Bryce snapped. “YOU’RE the only one whining about it, though!” He scowled at Dwight. His behavior was utterly undignified for a public space. It was bad enough that he was squirming and jumping around like a toddler, he didn’t have to kick up a fuss like one too! And Dwight didn’t even have the excuse of being DRUNK (which was the excuse Bryce planned to use if anyone brought up his OWN dancing to him at any point) because Dwight didn’t drink alcohol! “Just hold it in!”

Dwight had begun to grip himself between his crossed, contorted legs. “I’m trying!” he moaned. “But, I feel like I’m going to explode!”

Bryce’s frown deepened. Dwight was surely exaggerating. Unless the pressure within his body was exactly at the level of that inside of Bryce’s, he most certainly was NOT exploding.

Bryce, though. Bryce was definitely exploding. He wouldn’t have been surprised if there had been tears beginning to form in the flesh of his abdomen as his bladder tried to rip its way out of him. Bryce didn’t let himself whine though. He didn’t let himself complain and act like as big of a fool as Dwight currently was— Still mashing his palms against his dick and muttering needy chants to himself. “Ohhh… Can’t hold iiiiit… Gotta peeeeee… I can’t waaaaaiiiit….”

Even if Dwight had started to debase himself a little more quietly, Bryce could hear every word of it loud and clear. Dwight’s little mewls mixed in with the sound of each stream striking the urinal, each flush of the fixture, each jet of water that flowed from the sink’s faucet… And it all flowed together, filling up Bryce’s bladder more and more with wave after wave of boiling hot piss…

Finally, there was only one person left ahead of Dwight, and as that man stepped up to the urinal, Dwight’s whispered phrases changed. “I can wait… I can wait… So close… I can wait… Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.”

Behind him, Bryce did his best to convince himself of the same thing. ‘Just wait for Dwight to finish,’ he told his bladder. ‘Then it’s your tun.’ His bladder swelled and convulsed even more as Dwight hurried to the urinal. Bryce clearly heard the other man yank his zipper down, followed by the furious hiss of him releasing a tsunami against the porcelain.

At least Dwight was not as vocal while he peed as he was when he really, REALLY needed to. If Dwight had started moaning and gasping with relief, then Bryce would have lost it for sure. Luckily, instead of a loud sigh, Dwight only released a soft, satisfied hum as his bladder drained itself. “Mmmm….”

Bryce’s grip on his cock tightened as he heard Dwight zipping up, and he practically shoved him out of the way as he stumbled to the urinal— Unsure if he was stumbling because he’d had a few too many beers, or stumbling because… Well, he’d had a few too many beers.

He’d freed himself in record time and unleashed an enormous spray of liquid. And, HE did gasp and moan as it all flowed out of him. He couldn’t help it. He’d suffered so much that night, and he was going to enjoy every last drop of it coming to such a pleasant end.

But, of course, now he’d broken the seal. Now that he’d had one huge piss, more were going to follow in rapid succession. That was what happened to Bryce whenever he had alcohol; That was the one bad thing about bar nights.

And, with how only one toilet was functioning that night, he’d known that meant he had to leave early, unless he wanted to risk NOT making it next time.

There was nothing worse on Bryce’s bladder than having to listen to someone else go.

Except, possibly, for listening to Kenneth go, specifically.

Kenneth’s bladder was enormous, Bryce knew. When he was bursting, he peed for a long, LONG time. When he was bursting, he peed with so much force he’d probably be able to knock someone out if he aimed his stream at their forehead. When he was bursting, his urine came out with such a loud, ear-splitting hiss, gushing and splashing and spraying on and on and on….

And then there were the OTHER sounds he made.

Bryce was POSITIVE Kenneth didn’t even realize he made those other noises. He must have always been so caught up in the euphoric bliss of emptying out liters of water from his body that he lost track of everything else, all of it fading into the background, including what poured out of his mouth.

Because, Bryce was certain that if Kenneth KNEW that he always moaned like he was having the best sex of his life every time he took a leak, he’d be so humiliated he’d want to hide away in an underground bunker for the rest of his existence.

Those sounds Kenneth made… Those gasping, panting, loud moans and unbelievably intense sighs, falling overtop the noise of his massive stream hissing and splattering away… All of that together was WAY too much…

Bryce may have only been present as Kenneth relieved himself a small handful of times, but unless he’d only JUST gone himself it never failed to make him NEED a toilet right away.

When Kenneth had finished up his piss during the fitness exam, Bryce had felt that intense, burning need aching in his own bladder. But, he hadn’t said anything about it. Nor had he decided to make use of the field in the way Kenneth had just done. He NEEDED to get the paperwork turned in right away, and there was absolutely NO time for a pee break first.

The administration building, which was where he needed to bring the paperwork too, was a long walk from the field where the exam took place. Even if Bryce ran, he’d be cutting it close if he hoped to make it there by noon like he was supposed to. His bladder had begun to calm down a little after Kenneth had stopped gushing like that, but as Bryce forced himself to run, the harsh thwacking of his boots against the ground sent heavy bolts of need up through his feet and into his bladder.

To his surprise, Kenneth had not only followed him, but had caught up to him. Kenneth really WAS incredibly fast when he wasn’t weighted down by a painfully full bladder… “Wha—Why are you following me?” Bryce asked, panting.

“I— I wanted to th—thank you again,” Kenneth said. “And we’re hea—headed back the same direction anyway.”

Bryce began to slow. It was exhausting to run like this for so long, and his harsh movements were starting to jostle his bladder around a little too much. There was a restroom in the administration building. A nice big one, with a long trough to use as a urinal. Bryce had always been a little uncomfortable peeing into things like that where everyone had to crowd around with no partitions— He couldn’t even IMAGINE what Kenneth must have thought of it. But now, Bryce fantasized about that trough.

What a marvelous invention it was, cutting down on the amount of time one would need to worry about standing in line if they were desperate. And how wonderful it would be when Bryce made it to that building, flung open the door to the restroom and found the trough waiting there for him to use. It was going to feel so good to stand himself at it, unzip his pants and allow his stream to noisily patter against its metallic material.

Yes. All of that was so good. So nice. So—

Bryce suddenly came to a complete and total stop as he felt urine beading from his tip and into his boxers. He clenched his thighs together and his dribbling ceased. Wow! He hadn’t thought he’d needed to go THAT bad already!

Maybe he needed to stop thinking about the trough. He DEFINITELY needed to stop thinking about USING it.

His bladder really WAS too suggestible. Imagining himself peeing was just too inviting a picture for it to resist.

Kenneth stopped running as well. “Bryce?” he asked. “You okay?”

“F—Fine, Paulson,” Bryce said. No way was he going to admit that he’d just started peeing his pants before he’d even gotten that desperate to go… “Just tired out from running, that’s all.”

They walked a little more slowly then, which was easier on Bryce’s bladder, but also put him at greater risk of reaching the building too late.

It also gave his bladder more time to fill, and before long his need had gone from ‘annoying, but manageable’ to ‘deeply, DEEPLY uncomfortable’.

He checked his watch. He knew he was in no danger of NOT getting to the restroom in time, but he hoped he managed to get to the building with a few minutes to spare so that he could visit the toilet before he had to speak with his superiors. To his dismay, however, he saw that he only had about ten minutes left. Not only was he unlikely to get the opportunity to pee, he was going to need to start running again if he wanted to make it at ALL.

Bryce launched back into a sprint— And his bladder convulsed, warning him that if he kept this up he may ‘not make it’ in a different way. His face started to scrunch up as he ran. His legs were parting from one another too far. He’d been keeping his thighs squeezed together a little bit while he’d been walking, and only realized now exactly how much that had been helping him out. The vibrations of his feet hitting the ground were a terrible tease on his bladder, making it jiggle and crumple and ache.

His body begged him to stop, to just come to a complete, dead stop and cross his legs as he regained his strength. His body told him that he was outside, and so he should just stop, find himself a bush, and give it a little extra watering. But, Bryce didn’t have time to dump his bladder’s contents out into a bush. And, he knew if he stopped running now, he’d have a very difficult time getting himself to move again.

He just had to keep going. One foot after the other. Then he could drop off the paperwork, say a few quick sentences to his superiors, and get himself to that trough as fast as humanly possible.

Kenneth, again, had caught up to him. “Bryce,” he said. “You run really weird, you know that?”

Bryce was sure he really WAS running oddly right now. A few times he’d paused for half a second to jump back and forth between his feet, which surely hadn’t looked normal or natural at all. Still… “Sh—shut up, Paulson. At least I can do a sit-up.”

“I can do that too!” Kenneth snapped back. “YOU try doing that when your bladder’s going to explode!”

Bryce bit back his next retort, which would have involved him admitting that he was currently trying to RUN with an uncomfortably full bladder.

It didn’t matter anyway, they’d made it to the administration building. Bryce gave a short, half glance to the bushes that surrounded it. ‘Some of the leaves look a little brown…’ he thought. ‘There HAS been a bit of a drought lately…’ Tempting… Tempting… Maybe—

He looked at his watch and his eyes widened.

It was 12:01.

He was a minute late already!

The bushes would have to survive without his help.

Hopefully, his bladder could do the same.

He pushed open the door, and was a little surprised when Kenneth followed him inside. Kenneth gestured to the door that led to the men’s room— The door that Bryce’s bladder was begging him to go through.

“I should wash my hands,” Kenneth said. “Since… Since I just… I should just wash my hands,” he repeated, entering the room.

As the door swung shut behind Kenneth, Bryce not only saw the trough clear as day, but the stall as well. And the door to the stall was wide open, the toilet clearly visible. Even though Bryce had only been subjected to the view for a couple seconds, the sight of TWO places in which he could empty himself of his burden made his bladder quiver and his urethra pulse with need.

His bladder could not grasp why he wasn’t taking it into that room. His bladder could not understand why he was instead dragging it to a door in the complete opposite direction. Bryce opened the door to the office. His superior was facing away from him in his chair.

“You’re late,” he said derisively.

“By a minute…” Bryce replied meekly. He knew it did not matter. His superiors were always very strict with him, they did not allow for any mistakes of any kind.

“That does not matter,” The chair turned around. “We expect you to— Oh, hello Bryce!”

Bryce’s eyes widened with equal parts shock and dismay, and a few more little dribbles of urine squirted into his boxers. His leak had not been caused by desperation; It had been caused by complete and utter fear. “K—Karl? What are you doing here?”

“Got transferred here last week,” Karl said.

This was bad. This was very bad. Not only was Karl HERE, in a place Bryce had been certain he’d always be free of him, but he was also now in CHARGE of Bryce. He was now in a position of authority over him. He could now make decisions that would impact Bryce’s life every single day. He could now make Bryce do just about anything…

“H—Here’s the paperwork,” Bryce said, dropping the pages onto Karl’s desk. “I’m sorry it is late.” He’d never understood the phrase ‘butterflies in your stomach’ before, but he did now. He felt a swirling maelstrom of them in his gut, and they were all speedily moving lower and lower, pressing into his bladder. The pressure and urgency he was under was building up very, very quickly now. He swore he could feel more pee sloshing into his bladder with every second. He had to go! He had to get away from Karl. He had to get to the trough— Or into the stall, where he’d be able to lock the door and keep Karl out. He turned back around to leave.

Karl made an annoyed noise in the back of his throat. “Where are you going?” he asked.

“I— I just thought—“ Bryce stammered. “Did you need anything else?”

“A few things,” Karl said. “Sit down.”

Bryce did as he was told, hating himself for it. Hating himself SO much for it. He was always more agreeable towards his superiors than he was with those beneath him, but this wasn’t simply a desire to do his job as required. This was him once again folding immediately to Karl’s whims, just as he had as a child.

It was like that day at the farm with the tea had never even happened. Once again, Karl was the master and Bryce was his docile, obedient servant.

The day at the farm with the tea, as it turned out, was exactly what Karl wanted to discuss. “You DO know it’s wrong to DRUG one of your superiors, do you not?”

“… You… You weren’t my superior then,” Bryce answered softly. His knees bounced up and down and up and down… He kept thinking back to that day, the sound of Kenneth gushing and moaning inside the outhouse, the sight of Karl expelling a forceful stream into his pants… The relief Bryce had been able to get himself inside of that outhouse once Kenneth had finished… He tensed his thighs. “And.. We didn’t drug you,” he added. “It was tea. Nothing dangerous.”

Karl smiled a deplorable, smarmy looking grin. “Ah, Bryce. I am ALWAYS your superior,” he said. “I’ve been your superior since the day we met. Nothing you can say or do will ever change that. You could become the next leader of this country, and I would still be above you.”

Bryce wondered how long ago Karl had prepared that little speech. Probably from the moment he found out he’d been placed in a position of authority over him… Bryce was doing his best not to squirm under Karl’s gaze, but it was hard not to. Just the sight of Karl’s face made Bryce feel scared, and his bladder was beginning to sear against his belt— Oh, how nice it would feel to loosen it! But, such an action would surely not go unnoticed by Karl.

“The three of you plotted a scheme for the sole purpose of humiliating me,” Karl said. “Why?”

‘Because you’re a jerk,’ Bryce thought. ‘Because you punched me when we were stuck in an elevator and made me pee my pants.’ He tried to speak; “It was a juvenile prank,” he said. “And, I’m sorry.” He didn’t mean a word of it. He’d love to watch Karl piss his pants a thousand times. It wouldn’t ever get old.

“Hm,” Karl said. “I hope you are. But, just to be sure, I’m going to MAKE you sorry.” He glanced down at the paperwork on his desk, he looked through it for half a second. “Why is this so late, anyway?”

“Paulson broke his foot,” Bryce said, trying to keep any upset from his voice. He had no idea how Karl intended to ‘make’ him sorry, but he knew it would be something awful. “It’s only just healed.”

“Ah,” Karl said. “So, you are so poor at your job that your subordinates regularly incapacitate themselves?”

“I— I had nothing to do with it,” Bryce said. “The tree limb broke, no one could have—“

Karl set the papers aside, “He at least passed the exam,” he said. “I’ll give you that much.” He stood from his desk. “Up,” he ordered.

“Wha—What are we going to do?” Bryce asked wearily.

“That is none of your concern right now,” Karl said.

Bryce forced himself up, his bladder protesting as he made himself stand up ramrod straight. He was determined to at least TRY and look like he wasn’t intimidated, no matter what his bladder had to say about it. Still, he couldn’t keep the bouncing out of his feet.

Karl’s eyes flicked down to them. “Come,” he said, pushing open the door.

Bryce followed him out. He stared at the door leading to the men’s room and actually patted a hand over his bladder in apology at the sight of it, as he knew he would most likely NOT be using it any time soon.

He should have just gone in there before he went to the office. He should have pissed onto a bush. He should have peed in the field after Kenneth had finished… If he’d known that Karl was the one waiting for him, if he’d known that even if he’d managed to turn the paperwork in early he would still be made to suffer… If he’d known all that, he would have peed first.

There was nothing for it now, though.

Karl paused for a moment, and Bryce was about to work up the nerve to say that he needed to use the toilet before they did whatever they were about to do, but Karl didn’t give him the chance. “Go wait outside,” he barked.

And Bryce obeyed. He always obeyed Karl.

He stood outside the building. Kenneth had waited for him there. “How did it go?” he asked. “Were they mad you were late?”

Bryce said nothing. The leaves of the bushes were still brown. They still needed to be watered, and by God could Bryce water the FUCK out of those things right about now… ‘Go,’ he told himself. ‘Quickly, before he comes out here.’ He turned to the bushes.

Kenneth was confused when Bryce turned around. “Bryce, are you mad at m—“

Bryce’s hand swooped up to his buttons.

“—Oh,” Kenneth said. “Why didn’t you just—“

Before Kenneth could finish speaking, and just after Bryce had parted the first button, the door swung open and there was Karl.

Bryce stopped trying. He had to hold it now. He had no choice.

Then he saw what Karl was holding; Three enormous jugs of water.

And then he knew exactly what was coming.

What was coming was a specific disciplinary drill they sometimes did. Bryce was going to have to march up and down a short distance, and he was going to have to chug a lot of water. Ostensibly, the water was meant to keep the person doing the drill well hydrated. But, everyone knew that was not the real purpose. Everyone knew what the true intent of this drill was. Bryce knew it well because, so, so many months ago, he’d done a similar thing to Kenneth when he’d turned up late. He’d made him drink a big jug of water before having him stand guard all day. And then, in an act he’d come to so deeply regret, he’d made fun of Kenneth when he’d begun to dance with need. He’d made of Kenneth when he’d been unable to release his bladder in front of him at his post. And he’d only barely given in when Dwight offered to take Kenneth’s place for a few minutes while Kenneth relieved himself in private.

Maybe, Bryce thought, maybe this was karma. He’d believed he’d made up for his cruel actions towards Kenneth in regards to peeing, but perhaps God or whoever it was up there saw it differently.

The purpose of this particular disciplinary drill was one thing and one thing only; Desperation, and a whole Hell of a lot of it. During his training, he’d seen it administered a few times, had seen very strong men succumb to their full bladders and soak themselves as they tried to march. Dwight had told him that, when HE’D been in training, he’d been made to endure it once after he’d put a thumbtack into someone’s boot as a joke. Dwight had said he’d only made it out dry because it suddenly began to hail; Everyone had needed to go inside, and since no one wanted a puddle indoors, Dwight was permitted access to the toilet which he accepted VERY gratefully.

Bryce remembered Kenneth once saying that, during training, he’d been on his best behavior at all times and had NEVER pulled any of the pranks he was now known for. Bryce had asked him why, and hadn’t been too shocked to learn that Kenneth’s deep need to avoid THIS was the reason.

Bryce had never seen nor heard of anyone being subjected to this particular punishment when they were ALREADY desperate for a piss. “K—Karl,” he said. “I need— I need to— I need to— I need—“

“Bryce needs to relieve himself first,” Kenneth filled in for him.

“Well, he’s not going to,” Karl said. “And, by the way; YOU’RE doing this tomorrow. Don’t think for a second I forgot YOUR part in that fiasco at the farm.”

Kenneth’s heart stopped. It just. Stopped beating. Completely. When he’d restrained himself from joking around and pranking anyone during his training, it had ONLY been because he NEEDED to avoid being subjected to this. Everyone he’d seen go through it ended up peeing on themselves, everyone but Dwight and only because his punishment ended up getting cut short.

But, Kenneth couldn’t wet himself in front of other people. He KNEW he couldn’t. He’d felt that agonizing, ripping and tearing sensation up and down his back enough times to know that. Rather than pee himself, he would instead HURT himself. He would hurt himself EXTREMELY badly. If Karl did this to him, he wouldn’t end up needing the bathroom really badly and then having a very embarrassing accident; He would end up in the medical building.

Bryce momentarily actually forgot about his own need and about his own awful situation. “K—Karl,” he said. His voice was shaking, and he tried to make it stop. Kenneth was a stupid, annoying little pissant. But, he was Bryce’s, stupid, annoying little pissant. He may have enjoyed pulling some pretty mean jokes on him, but he didn’t want to see the guy get hospitalized. “You CAN’T do this to Kenneth. You literally CAN’T. Just… Just do it to ME twice, okay? I’ll do this again tomorrow!”

Kenneth’s heart rate started to return to normal, and he was stunned at Bryce’s words. At his willingness to sacrifice for him.

Karl, however, upon seeing how animated Bryce got at the idea of Kenneth being pushed through this, smiled. “Why not? Is he your boyfriend?”

“No!” Bryce exclaimed. “But, he has… He has… Talk… Talk to the people in the medical building. Kenneth has a condition, and you really, really CAN’T do this to him.”

Kenneth felt even more warmth towards Bryce when he chose NOT to name Kenneth’s problem, to instead only indicate that it was something medical and outside of his control. He made up his mind then that he was going to do SOMETHING to rescue Bryce from Karl’s torment today.

“I don’t care WHAT he has,” Karl said. “He’s going to do as I say.”

Bryce backed up, closer to Kenneth now. He whispered, “I’ll… After this, I’ll get Elizabeth,” he promised. “She won’t allow this for you, and he’ll HAVE to listen to her about this.”

Before, Kenneth had felt betrayed that Elizabeth had apparently told Bryce about the awful day where he’d locked up so completely for so long… But, if she hadn’t, maybe Bryce wouldn’t have known to get her. Bryce wouldn’t have known that she was the only person that could save him. “Thank you…”

“Will you two stop whispering?” Karl ordered. “It’s time to start, Bryce. Drink your fucking water.”

Bryce slowly stumbled over to Karl, whom thrusted the first jug at him. It was only then that Bryce realized he was already clutching himself, and would need to let go in order to drink the water. At least, he thought, this was sure to be over quickly. He’d pee his pants very soon. The new water he was being made to ingest now probably wouldn’t even make it to his bladder before he burst and sprayed his urine out everywhere. He uncapped the jug and brought it to his lips.

“Drink,” Karl commanded.

And Bryce did. His body protested every gulp. His belly ached as it grew full and the world started to spin and look more and more off-kilter. He felt engorged all over. He felt like he was more liquid than human. Bryce had always had a very, very sensitive stomach. If he was dizzy, if he was super nervous, if he was too full and ate just one bite too many or consumed anything with dairy in it, it was extremely likely that he would vomit.

His stomach now was stretched out, struggling to contain more than it was meant to, and he also felt deeply anxious and scared. Liquid wanted to come out of him in both directions now and he squeezed his eyes shut as he tried to will the contents of his bladder and stomach to stay where they were. ‘Maybe it won’t be so bad if I throw up on him,’ he thought. ‘He would deserve it…’

But, after a moment the nausea faded, and everything had stayed down. His bladder was still closed shut as well. He was holding it all. It was all staying inside where it was supposed to.

Unaware of how close he’d just come to having Bryce make a big mess all over his boots, Karl grinned; “March,” he ordered.

And Bryce did. With every step he was actually able to HEAR the water as it sloshed around inside his belly. And, again, his bladder seized on the noise of liquid. Even when it was something coming from inside of his own body, the sound of water was too enticing and it made Bryce’s need ramp up until he felt like his urine was dangling off the very edge of his rapidly fraying control.

Kenneth watched, his heart aching for Bryce. For Bryce. For. Bryce. What in the Hell was wrong with him?! The last thing he should ever feel for Bryce was pity, but that was literally ALL he could feel right now. What was happening to Bryce now was cruel and inhumane, and it was… It was… It was…

Kenneth felt himself tumbling backwards. Not physically; Physically he was still standing perfectly still and watching. But, inside himself, inside his brain, he was falling. He was falling back and back and back… Back to a time and place that now only existed inside his worst nightmares.

Father had done this to him. He’d done this very same thing to him numerous times. And, the worst part was, Kenneth would prefer it to what the alternative was.

When this happened, Kenneth would displease Father in some way, and Father would actually think out loud to him, trying to decide upon which form of water torture was most appropriate for his misdeed. Kenneth had no idea why his water intake and output was something Father had fixated on so severely, but it WAS.

Sometimes, Father banned Kenneth from drinking for a couple days. Kenneth would become incredibly sick and weak by the time the punishment ended. The corners of his eyes would ache from the lack of moisture left in his body. He would lose his ability to speak as his throat closed in. The only thing that was worse than having gallons of liquid screaming to exit his body was the feeling of having NO liquid in it whatsoever.

And so, Kenneth was actually relieved when Father settled upon the other form of agony. The one where he gave Kenneth a lot to drink; too much, in fact. And then locked the door to the bathroom before having him walk in circles around the living room. Eventually, Father would fall asleep, and Kenneth would wet his pants. When Father awoke, it would be to administer a beating upon seeing the puddle left on the floor.

He remembered, several times when Father had played this game, he’d shouted at him, “MARCH! KEEP MARCHING! NOW!”

Just like what Karl was currently doing to Bryce.

Kenneth was having some new feelings now. Completely new. His palms were itching, his fingers were twitching, his spine was jolting. He felt like he was outside of his body and inside of it at the same time. His thoughts were nothing but jumbled and tangled pieces of static, and he felt like tight, constricting ropes were being pulled taut across his chest. He felt cold all the way down to his bones, but at the same time he had broken out in an intense sweat.

Bryce was too caught up in his own Hell to notice anything was going on with Kenneth. The only things that existed anymore were his legs and his bladder. He put one foot in front of the other, awkwardly contorting and stumbling every step of the way. No matter how much he clenched his thighs, no matter how tightly he dug his hands into his groin, no matter how often he stopped to cross his legs and beg his body to please, please, please hold on… Bryce was still leaking. And he was leaking a lot. Every second, there was another drip that slid through his urethra. His boxers had begun to cling to him, wet warmth encasing his length. The sensation felt strangely taunting, seeming to coax out more and more liquid from his bloated, over-full bladder.

Bryce did not merely need to pee anymore. What he felt now was some strange, alien sensation which the word ‘need’ could no longer encompass. There was not a word that existed in any language that could adequately sum up the fiery, boiling Hell currently rippling through Bryce’s abdomen. To actually describe it, Bryce thought, he would need to invent a completely new language. One based only on pain, suffering and agony.

He didn’t realize that more liquid had begun to escape him until he heard Karl laugh. “Oh my God!” the man chortled. “Are you— Are you CRYING?! Again!?” He cackled. “God, Bryce! You’re still that pathetic, little baby I went to school with, aren’t you?!”

Bryce blinked his eyes a few times, noticing the cloudy, fuzzy spots that had appeared on his glasses. He WAS crying. He was crying like a pathetic, little baby. He was crying like a pathetic, little baby all because he had to go pee and someone else was being mean to him. Karl was right. He hadn’t changed. He hadn’t grown up. And Karl would always be above him, would always be better, would always be stronger…

“Waaaah,” Karl mocked as Bryce’s tears grew in intensity. “Keep moving.”

Bryce hadn’t noticed he’d stopped, and forced himself forwards again. He wanted to just give up, to let his bladder go and flood his pants. It was going to happen anyway, and he wished he could just hurry up and do it so that this could be over at last. But, that stubborn part of his brain could never be vanquished, not even by Karl. And, that part told him to keep moving, to keep fighting, to keep trying. That part told him that, if he worked hard enough, he could overcome this somehow.

“Faster! March FASTER, you little shit!”

The bands around Kenneth’s chest grew tighter when he heard that.

***

“Faster! March FASTER, you little shit!” Father shouted from his spot on the sofa.

“Please!?” Kenneth begged, limping along through the living room, hands crammed between his quivering thighs. “Please, I can’t hold it! I need to go! Please, let me use the toilet!”

“NO!” Father barked. “Stop fucking asking me that! Every time you ask, that’s one more hour you have to wait!”

“Nnnnhhh!” Kenneth cried, crumpling to his knees and doubling over. “How much longer!?”

“Well, you just added ANOTHER hour, so you’re up to sixteen now!” Father said.

“I caaaan’t!” Kenneth sobbed. His eyes were red and they stung from all the tears. “It hurts, it hurts, it hurts!”

“I don’t care,” Father said. “Stop fucking whining. Or I’ll piss in your face.”

And Kenneth knew that Father would, because he’d done it before, so he tried to silence his tears. But, they kept coming. They continued to stream down his cheeks, and soon another stream was gushing out beneath him.

“God dammit!” Father shouted, jumping to his feet. “When the FUCK are you going to learn to control yourself?”

Kenneth tightened every part of his body, readying himself for the hits that were sure to come now.

***

“When the FUCK are you going to learn to control yourself?” Karl was shouting at Bryce.

Kenneth’s eyelids fluttered, blinking rapidly as the world around him twisted and turned and finally began to turn back to normal. What the Hell just happened? It was like he’d had a nightmare, but… Without being asleep? What?

And just like when he woke from a nightmare, his heart was continuing to pound and thrum away in his chest. But, unlike when he woke from a nightmare, he did not feel any relief that it had just been a dream and was over now. Because, it HADN’T been a dream. Dreams didn’t happen to people when they were wide awake. Or, at least, they weren’t SUPPOSED to. So that couldn’t have been a dream, but then what HAD it been? And how did he make sure that it didn’t ever happen again?

Karl was still yelling, and Bryce was still stumbling back and forth in front of him. Just like Kenneth had done for his Father so many times. Just like— Just like—

“Let him go!” Kenneth exclaimed suddenly, hating the tremors and cracks happening in his voice. He hadn’t even known he was going to say that. He’d wished so hard growing up that there could have been someone around that would yell those words at Father. His Mother had been that person for a while, but then she was gone and there was no one left to do it. Mother may not have been around then to defend Kenneth, but Kenneth WAS around now to defend Bryce. “You are hurting him!”

“I’m not hurting him,” Karl said. “I’m teaching him.”

And THAT was what Father had always said to. THAT was how Father liked to justify himself. He had been ‘teaching’ Kenneth. Kenneth would never ‘learn’ without pain. But, he hadn’t taught Kenneth anything. Or, at least, not anything GOOD. He’d taught Kenneth to hate. He’d taught Kenneth to fear. He’d taught Kenneth that life was Hell. He’d taught Kenneth that people were all terrible; Everyone in Kenneth’s hometown had KNOWN. They’d all been well aware of what was happening inside Kenneth’s house. They’d all known that his Father was a monster. But did any of them do anything? No. Nobody ever helped, not even the policemen, not even when Kenneth told them everything and begged them to help.

Dwight was the only person that cared, but he was just a child himself; The person with the least ability to save Kenneth was the only one that actually wanted to do it.

Kenneth wanted to save Bryce now, and he was no longer just a child. In that moment, he wanted to be the kind of adult he’d desperately needed as a child, the kind that saw someone being abused and made it STOP instead of ignoring it. Because, what Karl was doing now WAS abuse. He was using the position of authority he now had over Bryce to cause him physical and emotional pain. There wasn’t any word that could describe that OTHER than abuse.

“Knock it off!” Kenneth shouted. “This is wrong. Just let him go! He has learned his lesson!”

Bryce was no longer able to keep walking, only managing tiny half-steps that didn’t lead him anywhere. He was crying more than ever, and he didn’t even care anymore. All the aches and pains in his body were too intense for him to even remember he should want to have a little bit of dignity. “I— I’m sorry,” he struggled.

Karl threw his hands up. “Alright,” he said, sounding as if this was a huge burden. “Bryce, you can go here.”

Bryce stopped trying to walk and froze. “Wh—What?” he asked. He couldn’t have possibly heard that right, could he? It was over? He could… He could pee?

“Now,” Karl barked. “Don’t dawdle, or I might take it back.”

Kenneth’s spine stiffened up more as Karl snapped at Bryce, but he told himself it was over. Bryce was going to pee. Then Bryce would be okay. Then they could leave Karl. Then these feelings in Kenneth’s mind and body would go away.

Bryce unzipped himself, and aimed right between his feet. He would have preferred at least heading to one of the bushes for a little bit of cover, he felt pretty gross having his cock in his hands right out in the open like this. But, he couldn’t care TOO much. He was going to pee! He was finally, finally going to pee!

And then, Karl stood directly behind him. And he continued to yell. “Hurry up! Do it now! I’ve wasted half the day with you already!”

And, for the third time in Bryce’s life, he found that in spite of a painful level of desperation, he could not let go of his bladder. Panic dug itself deep into his veins as it sunk in; He couldn’t go with Karl shouting at him. “I— I—“

“What’s the matter, you little shit?” Karl said, somehow managing to sound angry and amused at the same time. “Is it hard to go with me here? Am I BOTHERING you, princess?”

“Please…” Bryce begged, he bore down very hard on his pelvic muscles; so hard that it HURT. His sphincters were BURNING from the force being exerted upon them, his stomach ache from the weight inside… “I— I have to— So bad—“

“Then hurry up and piss!” Karl snapped. “Stop crying about it and go.”

***

“Stop crying about it and go!” Father bellowed from behind Kenneth’s small, frightened body.

“I’m tr—trying!” Kenneth whimpered, staring at the toilet; Staring at his salvation… His bladder remained welded shut, though.

“Are you?” Father asked. “If that’s true then I guess you DON’T need to go that badly.”

“I DO!” Kenneth cried. He hadn’t peed in so long! His insides felt like they were going to come apart! “I need to! Can’t hold it!”

“Then why don’t you just fucking piss?”

Kenneth was shaking like a fragile leaf, he kept staring at the toilet, kept focusing, kept begging his body to do what he needed it to.

“God! You’re fucking pathetic!” Father exclaimed. “What the Hell is wrong with you!?”

***

“God! You’re fucking pathetic!” Karl shouted at Bryce. “What the Hell is wrong with you!?”

“Please,” Bryce kept chanting, like it was the only word he could still remember how to say. “Please, please, please…”

Kenneth was half crumpled over on himself, tears streaming as his heart thunked and his body twitched. That… Dreaming-without-dreaming thing. It had happened AGAIN. What was WRONG with him?!

And then, something in him broke. Heat rushed into his veins, and an agitated, boiling energy flooded his body, making him feel like he was spontaneously catching fire.

It was a familiar sensation, but not one Kenneth enjoyed.

He particularly hated what usually followed it.

This was the other side of Kenneth. The side he tried to fight away as much as he could. The little, rage-filled demon that sometimes overtook his body and caused him to lash out in all sorts of ways. Sometimes, the fits that Kenneth’s anger-demon would cause would be a little funny; When he simply launched into a massive rant, hissing and spitting with fury as he said ridiculous things and made outrageous threats, then Bryce couldn’t help but laugh. He was all bluster, and he only ended up looking like an overgrown toddler with an unusually wide vocabulary throwing a temper tantrum.

But, there were other times when the anger-demon wasn’t funny at all. There were times when it was frightening. Times when it made Kenneth break things or lash out.

Because, one more thing Kenneth’s Father had taught him was that violence solved problems.

When this happened, Kenneth’s demon was scary; And it was actually scarier to Kenneth than it was to anyone else. The fact that this… thing could take him over, could make him do things he didn’t really want to do, could make him erupt and destroy… The fact that this thing seemed to be pushing him towards becoming his Father…

He tried to control it. He really, REALLY did. Every time he lost it, every time he blew up and punched someone or broke something, there would be a blanket of shame falling over him as the anger fled. He hated it. He hated it so, so much. He would immediately go somewhere to be alone, repeating to himself ‘Stop this. Don’t. Don’t become him. Please, don’t become him.’

Dwight would usually find him soon enough. And Kenneth would cling to him, sobbing; “Don’t let me turn into him!”

And Dwight would just hold him and whisper to him that it was okay. That, whatever item he’d broken could usually be fixed, that if it couldn’t be repaired, he could pay to have it replaced, and that he could always say ‘sorry’ to whoever the owner was and they may be able to forgive him. “You’re not turning into him,” Dwight would repeat. “If you were, you wouldn’t still be trying to keep this under control.”

And, Kenneth DID try to keep it under control. He tried very, VERY hard. He was STILL trying to keep it under control as he stomped over to Karl. He was STILL trying not to explode. Memories and shadows swirled around him, making his pulse race more and more, but he was STILL trying as hard as he could.

And then, he made himself stop.

He knew what would happen if he got too close to Karl.

And he knew what would happen if he slammed his fist against the face of a superior.

He could not be here anymore. Bad things were going to happen if he stayed here.

He remembered something Bryce had said. “After this, I’ll get Elizabeth. She won’t allow this for you, and he’ll HAVE to listen to her about this.”

Karl was doing harm to Bryce’s body right now. Elizabeth was a medic. If SHE said Bryce was being hurt and that this needed to stop, Karl would have no choice but to listen.

The medical building was very close. And Kenneth was of course very, very fast. Especially when the anger-demon had taken him over, filling his body with fire and adrenaline. He broke into a sprint and before he knew it, he was inside the building. “Elizabeth!” he shouted.

Elizabeth came out of one of the rooms, a very concerned look on her face. “Kenneth? Is your foot still—“

“You have to come with me!” Kenneth interrupted, his breaths coming out in heavy, choking gasps. “I think Karl is gonna make Bryce sick!”

Elizabeth kept staring. Kenneth’s face was scorched pink, his eyes were wild, his chest was heaving and his body trembling. “Kenneth, you look VERY unwell, what’s—“

“I’m FINE!” Kenneth snapped, even though he didn’t think he’d ever felt FURTHER from fine in his life. “Bryce needs help! Karl is doing that disciplinary thing where you have to drink all the water, and I think now Bryce is so stressed out he can’t pee at all, and that’s going to make him sick, and—“

Elizabeth frowned. She had never approved of that drill at all. Restraining one’s bladder to such an extreme degree could lead to all sorts of problems. She was still worried about what had happened to Kenneth to make him… look… that way, but could tell Bryce needed help first. She gathered that Bryce had apparently locked up in the way Kenneth had when he’d gotten his infection, and if that was the case the last thing he needed was to have one of his superiors shouting orders at him.

She followed Kenneth back out to where Bryce and Karl were. Bryce was still unzipped, still trying to urinate. Karl was still shouting at him and making fun of him. The sight of it made the flaming heat in Kenneth’s body build in intensity and he clenched his hands into fists as he tried to remember to breathe.

Bryce had seen Kenneth leave and had thought nothing of it. He’d been too desperate and too upset to notice how frazzled Kenneth had suddenly gotten before sprinting off. He saw Kenneth return now, and he DID think something of it. He’d brought Elizabeth. He’d brought a woman— And one that Bryce REALLY liked, at that! And there Bryce was, his dick in his hand unable to piss, crying as a bigger, stronger man shouted at him.

He’d thought Karl had broken him so thoroughly this afternoon that he could no longer feel shame and humiliation. But, he’d been mistaken. He felt nothing BUT that now. It overpowered even his desperation.

“Karl,” Elizabeth said. “Come here, I need to discuss this with you.”

And Karl obeyed, because even if he was in charge of Bryce now, he was still required to listen to what the medics had to say in regards to his subordinates.

Kenneth stood there, listening for a few seconds as Elizabeth informed Karl of all the complications that could befall Bryce from having his body mistreated in this way. He stood there, remembering how back when he’d had a Mother, she’d told Father a few times that keeping Kenneth from peeing could end up making him sick. Elizabeth actually kind of looked like his Mother… And when he thought about that, some of the heat inside of him started to cool down.

He looked away from her and back towards Bryce. Bryce was still trembling, still bouncing on his feet, still obviously holding back and dying to go… Kenneth walked over to him. “Bryce?” he asked. “Karl is busy now, and Elizabeth’s not going to let him keep doing this… You can go.”

Bryce already knew that he could finally go now. He had been TRYING to do that ever since Karl had walked away from him! But… Elizabeth was here. She was within earshot! She’d hear every splash, every moan of relief that he couldn’t hold back… And from where she was she’d at least be able to see the dirt between Bryce’s feet darken as he expelled his burden into it.

He remembered the time she’d come into the men’s room to ask him something important while he’d been using the urinal. How his stream had ceased and wouldn’t start again until after she’d left. That was the only other time he’d tried to urinate with a woman near him, and he’d been unable to do it. Now that he thought about it, he remembered that even as a kid, he didn’t like to use the restroom at home if his mom was in the adjacent room. With his dad or with other boys, it was always okay. But, with his mom or a girl…

“Bryce…?” Kenneth asked softly, taking the space Karl had occupied moments before and standing behind him. “Are you alright?”

“…Elizabeth’s here…” Bryce mumbled out. He couldn’t believe he felt so awkward trying to explain his present dilemma to Kenneth of all people!

“Yes,” Kenneth said. “She’s telling Karl why he shouldn’t—“

“She’s… I… I don’t… I shouldn’t…” Bryce stammered. His voice was creaking. The tears hadn’t stopped. Even without Karl shouting at him, the physical turmoil taking place inside his body was so extreme that he couldn’t stop crying. “Not in front of a woman…”

“Hey,” Kenneth said, standing up on the tips of his toes so he could shield the taller man a little easier. “You’re not doing it in front of her, I’m blocking her view now.”

Bryce tried to tell himself that it was okay, that Elizabeth was a DOCTOR and probably saw people go all the time, so she wouldn’t even care if he did it here. He tried to tell himself that Kenneth was here, covering him up. But, he couldn’t stop thinking about how small Kenneth was compared to him, how his body didn’t give him very much protection. How— “Oh, sweet Christ!!” Bryce suddenly exclaimed, and his body doubled over.

“Bryce?” Kenneth asked. “What’s wrong?”

Bryce didn’t KNOW what was wrong. Just that he was currently feeling the worst pain he had EVER felt in his entire freaking life! It felt like he’d just been shot in the back, just below his ribs, an explosion of agonizing pressure that left him sobbing. “I— I don’t— It hurts, Kenneth!”

Kenneth reached and began to rub Bryce’s shoulders. He had a suspicion he knew what Bryce was feeling now— It was something he’d felt himself so many times after all. “Relax,” he said. “Let it out.”

“I can’t!”

“You can do it,” Kenneth encouraged, helping Bryce stand up a little straighter again. “Hey, you know what would be REALLY funny?”

Bryce was in absolutely NO mood to laugh right now. His body hurt so bad he thought he was about to keel over and die.

Kenneth continued anyway, “It would be REALLY funny if you pissed in Karl’s boots after he takes them off…”

Bryce didn’t understand what the Hell Kenneth was on about. If Bryce pissed in Karl’s boots he’d face some pretty serious reprimands. But, at least his bladder would be empty… They had to wear pretty long boots, but Bryce felt like he could fill both of them up to the very top right now…

“Yeah,” Kenneth said. “It would be funny if, while he is sleeping, you snuck in and filled up his boots.”

Bryce pictured himself doing that, unzipping and releasing his pent-up pee into that jerk’s footwear. His pee would gently splash against itself as it filled them up, he’d have to restrain it a little so the noise wouldn’t wake Karl up. And he’d absolutely have to keep himself from moaning. But… Wow would that feel good. To get relief AND revenge? That would be amazing.

“And then he’ll get up, and it will still be dark out so he won’t notice until he puts his foot in!” Kenneth added.

And Bryce laughed. He laughed! And the action shook his bladder so much, made it spasm and cramp and… And release. It made it RELEASE. He was peeing! His stream was coming out weak, but it was finally coming out! He was peeing! Finally! His urine trickled smoothly into the dirt with a soft pattering sound, and tension flooded out with it. “Ahhhh…” he moaned, body going slack.

Bryce seemed to have completely forgotten that he was standing up and therefor had to keep his feet on the ground, because he tumbled back against Kenneth as he sighed and panted. Kenneth held onto him tightly. “L—Legs, Bryce,” he mumbled. “Remember your legs…”

Bryce didn’t hear though, he just kept gushing away as Kenneth kept him propped mostly upright. “Haaahhh…” He watched as his urine jetted out of him, as clear as could be. Karl had over-hydrated him to such an extent that he was basically letting out nothing but warm water. It kept coming and coming, pleasant, relaxing shivers overtaking him. The agony in his back had vanished the second he’d started going, making a big, dopey grin spread across his face.

It had never, in all his life, felt THIS good to pee…

When he was finally all dried out, he just stayed there, sagging against Kenneth, trying to remember where he even was.

“Um… Bryce?” Kenneth asked finally. “You done?”

Bryce snapped back to reality and realized that he was laying against freaking Kenneth and his cock was still out… He scrambled up and zipped his pants. “Y—Yes,” he said. Then, reluctantly, he added “Thank you…”

“You’re welcome,” Kenneth said. “Heh. I came THIIIIS close to punching Karl, you know?”

“That wouldn’t have been so bad,” Bryce said.

“I would have gotten into a lot of trouble,” Kenneth pointed out. “That’s why I got Elizabeth instead.”

Elizabeth.

Right.

She’d been here through all of… that.

Bryce covered his face with his hands, “Oh my God… I did that with her here!”

“She’s a doctor,” Kenneth reminded. “She’s probably seen things that are a lot grosser than you peeing for a couple minutes.”

Had he really been going for THAT long?!

He wearily looked over to where Elizabeth was. She was waving off Karl as he went back into the administration building. And then, she came over to him and Kenneth. “Bryce,” she said. “Are you alright?”

Bryce chewed on his lip and looked down at his feet.

“I think he’s better now,” Kenneth said.

“You did not experience any pain while you were urinating, did you?” Elizabeth asked.

Bryce still struggled to find his voice, but unlike before, Kenneth could not answer for him. “N—No,” he said. “It… It felt… Normal…”

“What about before you started?” Elizabeth asked. “Did you have pain in your back or pelvic area?”

‘Oh… Oh my God…’ Bryce thought miserably. “Y…Yes…” he admitted, wishing that the dirt beneath him would come to life and devour him whole. “There was… A lot of pain when I was… Holding.”

“If you are still feeling sore tomorrow, come see me,” Elizabeth said. She turned to Kenneth, the crazed look in his eyes and the red hue to his face wasn’t there anymore, but she was still concerned. “Kenneth, have you been feeling alright today?”

“I… I got angry earlier,” Kenneth said.

Elizabeth knew that ‘anger’ for Kenneth could sometimes be a lot more intense than it was for some people. “Did—“

“I— I kept myself from blowing up this time,” Kenneth said. “But, there was… Um… Have you ever had a nightmare without going to sleep first?”

“No?” Elizabeth said. “What do you mean, Kenneth?”

“I mean…” Kenneth said. “Earlier, Karl was doing stuff that made me think about some things that happened to me a long time ago which I have a lot of bad dreams about. And, then it was like I was having a nightmare, but I hadn’t fallen asleep. I was still standing there.”

Elizabeth kept looking at him. She had no idea what that could be. “Have you… Ever fallen asleep randomly?” Maybe he HAD gone to sleep without realizing it? It would be odd to do that standing up, but…

“No,” Kenneth said. “I have to take pills to sleep at all, remember?”

Elizabeth did remember that. She’d been the one to give them to him… “Did you drink anything unusual today? Did you drink water that could have been contaminated?” Her only other guess was that he’d hallucinated after ingesting something he shouldn’t have.

“No,” Kenneth said. “I only drink the water that comes out of the taps.”

And Elizabeth knew that water was perfectly clean. “How about… Did you smoke something?” The guards were absolutely not supposed to use drugs, and she didn’t think Kenneth would ever break that rule. But, perhaps he’d mistaken something else for a regular cigarette? Did he even smoke, though?

Kenneth shook his head once more, “No. I promise.”

“I wasn’t accusing you,” Elizabeth said. “I’m just… I don’t know what happened to you, I’m sorry.”

Kenneth nodded, disappointed. Maybe whatever it was had been a fluke? He sure hoped so. He didn’t want that happening again…

*071*2022-03-01 17:44

Bryce began to dread waking up every morning. Karl would always have some series of drills for him to do, each one painful in its own way. He hadn’t done the water-jug marching one again since Elizabeth had told him off for it, but that didn’t mean Bryce wasn’t still enduring a lot of desperation. There were zero breaks in between drills, and certainly none during them. Bryce would be put through long hours of physically exhausting tasks from sunrise to sunset, no chance to pee at any point. He now knew what Kenneth must have felt the day of his exam when he’d been made to do sit-ups with a full bladder. Bryce had been made to do that daily now for weeks and more than once the strain of it all had brought him to tears.

Even though he was not being forced to swallow massive jugs of water in quick succession, the exertion of the drills made him thirsty and dehydrated. He HAD to drink to keep from passing out or hurting himself, and by the time night came and Karl dismissed him, Bryce would be so desperate for a toilet break that he’d barely manage to get to a restroom and tear his zipper down before he totally exploded.

A few times, he DIDN’T end up managing that. Wetting himself right in front of a toilet soon became a very common occurrence for Bryce, each incident making him feel lower and lower until he suddenly felt like he was beneath even a worm. Adding to his shame was the knowledge that little Kenneth went from morning to night without a piss all the freaking time, and yet he presumably always made it. ‘He can only do that because of his problem,’ Bryce kept reminding himself. ‘It is nothing for you to envy.’ But, envy it he did. Every time he felt buckets of warm, slick urine slip down his legs, he cursed himself and wished he could restrain his body for as long as Kenneth routinely did.

Only after his bladder had emptied out (one way or another) would Bryce become aware of his ravenous hunger; Karl was not allowing him any breaks for food either. At first, he’d tried to eat more at breakfast time to make that easier on himself, but then being made to exercise vigorously after a big meal had made him get horrendously sick— And Karl still hadn’t relented or allowed him to rest for the remainder of the day. That day quickly became one of the worst of Bryce’s life; And of course it HAD to have ended with him soaking his pants two steps from the toilet.

After that, Bryce stopped eating at breakfast time entirely. Holding his piss all day while doing strenuous activities with an EMPTY stomach was a lot better than holding his piss all day while doing strenuous activities with an extremely UPSET stomach. But, it meant that dinner time was the only time Bryce ate each day. Fasting throughout the day combined with the appetite he worked up exercising meant he ended up eating like a starving pig. People stared as he scarfed down his food, barely chewing it. It was so embarrassing for someone like him, that routinely scolded his subordinates for having poor manners.

Bryce was definitely NOT out of shape. Not even close. What Karl was having him do every day was well beyond what any human body could have reasonably been expected to take.

The constant drills were also keeping Bryce from performing any of his ACTUAL job which was supposed to involve supervising his subordinates. He’d been made to pawn this off onto other people, none of which he thought could keep anyone in line as well as HE could.

He couldn’t do this anymore.

It needed to end.

He’d been trying to come up with a way to put a stop to it. But, his secret weapon was of no use to him now. Kenneth Paulson, the scheming, little twerp that was so good at vengeance and at pulling pranks, was unable to help him this time. “I can’t do it,” Kenneth had told him. “You heard Karl wants to— To do… that… water drill to me. And I’m sorry, but I’d prefer NOT to have any of my organs rupture and kill me.”

“Elizabeth won’t let him do it,” Bryce had said.

But, Kenneth hadn’t wanted to risk it. Bryce understood, he really did. He knew that that particular drill would result in very serious bodily harm to Kenneth and that he couldn’t risk being put through it… But, Kenneth was still the ONLY person Bryce knew that was capable of annoying the fuck out of someone until they obeyed his whims.

“Besides,” Kenneth had gone on. “Um, when I get near Karl, I… Have a very hard time controlling myself.”

Bryce had wanted to tell him that that wouldn’t be so bad. If Kenneth allowed his rage-demon to take over for a few minutes so that he ended up going ballistic and beating the fuck out of Karl, that would be fine with Bryce. Violence was probably the only language that Karl would understand.

He hadn’t told Kenneth that, though. Kenneth’s fits were not to be encouraged. And, even if Kenneth ever DID allow his demon to take control around Karl, Karl was a whole Hell of a lot bigger than Kenneth and Kenneth was likely to get his ass handed to him in under a minute.

Bryce had gone to Dwight next. Kenneth was always the brains behind any scheme the two of them pulled off, but Dwight could be useful as well. He was, at least, STRONGER than Kenneth. So, if Bryce WANTED someone to lay Karl out, he would be a good option.

Dwight had been of no use either. He was too frightened of the repercussions to mess with Karl, and definitely didn’t want to get violent with him.

So, Bryce was left on his own to sort out his problem.

Every morning, before he left for another day of abuse, Bryce would wake up dying for a piss. Waking up desperate wasn’t unusual for him at all, of course. He ALWAYS woke up in urgent need of the toilet, with no time to do anything else before bolting for it. But, it had been about a month of relentless, intense exercise and daily bouts of extreme desperation, all with no breaks for his body to recover and heal from any of it. His early-morning emergencies were starting to feel… Different, somehow. They were much, much more intense, and harder to deal with.

Bryce would wake up, usually from a nightmare consisting of Karl taunting him and barking orders at him as rain hissed down from the Heavens to form massive puddles all around them. He’d barely have time to come to his senses and wipe the sleepy fog from his brain before he’d be hit with a painful, scorching throb from beneath the waistband of his boxers. Next, he’d recognize that his hands had mashed themselves between his tangled legs at some point during the night, and usually he’d also notice that his palms were already a bit damp from spurts he’d lost before waking.

The realization would make him moan and panic, make him fully alert. Bryce would then need to struggle to his feet— Getting up in the morning was always difficult, not just because his bladder was weeping with need and the tiniest of movements irritated its sensitive walls, but because his entire body was painfully sore and exhausted. His limbs all ached, his feet screamed when he put any of his body weight down onto them, trying to move his legs to walk made it feel like he was being hit in the backs of his knees with a mallet. It all made Bryce wish he had a chamber pot, something he could use to relieve his bladder without leaving bed.

But, staying in bed wasn’t an option. He didn’t have a chamber pot, and Karl would punish him swiftly and harshly if he laid in bed all day in lieu of following orders and reporting to him. So, Bryce would force himself up, and he would drag his bloated, aching body to the toilet. Most mornings, he lost a few more leaks during the short walk, something that he didn’t USED to have happen when he was bursting first thing in the morning. No matter how badly he’d had to go, he’d rarely woken up damp or dribbled the whole way to the bathroom until all of these nasty things with Karl had begun.

Once he was at last at the toilet, he would shove his boxers down and tiredly set himself down on the seat as he allowed his poor bladder to drain itself.

This was the only part of Bryce’s day during which he was not experiencing any pain. The only part that felt good because he could actually fucking sit down and relax for a couple minutes.

The bliss of his urine erupting from his tip, the relief of his bladder compressing down into itself and shrinking back to its proper size… It was such a wonderful, comfortable thing to feel that it managed to cancel out all of the achy soreness in Bryce’s body for a little bit.

He actually tried to restrain his stream and pee slowly, even though he’d needed to go so, so badly. He wanted this to last as long as it possibly could. Once his bladder was empty, he was going to have to move again. Despite his best efforts, his pee DID eventually stop.

Bryce would remain there for a few moments longer. He wanted to make sure he’d gotten every drop out of himself, because he knew he would not be visiting a toilet again for a very, very long time. Once he was certain he was well and truly empty, he’d pull up his boxers and struggle into the rest of his clothes so that he could report to Karl.

One morning, Bryce suffered a MAJOR leak on his way to the toilet, one that saturated his boxers completely, to the point his hands got damp and slick when he pulled them down to blast out the rest of his stream. He had to fight back tears of shame as he emptied out the remainder of his flood.

Bryce swore his bladder was getting weaker. He swore his whole body was getting weaker. He was having an increasingly difficult time holding his urine in, and the more he performed the drills for Karl, the harder they got for him. The speed at which Bryce could run had decreased tremendously, the amount of sit-ups and push-ups he could manage had been cut in half. When he moved, Bryce felt like his entire body was encased in lead and it took a Herculean effort just to raise his arms above his head. He knew he was somehow losing all of his strength, and he hated himself for it.

Once he was as certain as he could be that his bladder had pushed out all that it had, he forced himself back onto his aching feet. God… How could just the SOLES of his feet hurt so bad?!

That morning, he had to put on fresh boxers when he got himself dressed for the day, the ones he’d slept in were now too cold, clammy and smelly to continue wearing. Just getting dressed was agonizing. Lifting his feet up to put his pants on made his legs scream. Bending down to put on his boots made his back erupt in fiery pain. Slipping on his shirt caused his arms to ignite with ripples of hurt.

He couldn’t do another day of this. All of his limbs would probably fall off, or something.

Bryce was a man that LIKED a bit of pain. He’d licked blades of knives just to prove to himself that he COULD before, and at night when his mind wandered he’d had more than a few illicit fantasies involving ropes and paddles… But, there was pain, and then there was PAIN. There were fun, limit-pushing games and fantasies, and then there was bullying and abuse. Just because Bryce had a few out-there preferences, that didn’t mean he had to enjoy it when someone maliciously tried to actually destroy him.

By the time he’d gotten his uniform on, his worn out bladder was already asking for his attention again. Knowing better than to ignore it when he knew what was about to happen to him, he returned to the toilet and drained himself for a second time. Quite a bit of fluid poured forth, and he was worried. He was filling up alarmingly fast today, and after this, he’d have to restrain it until night fell.

He chewed on his lip, wishing he could say he was sick and not have to do Karl’s stupid exercises today. But, he knew it wouldn’t work. Karl hadn’t even let him take the day off when he’d ACTUALLY been sick. Karl hadn’t even let him take the day off when he’d been standing RIGHT there WATCHING Bryce get sick. Karl would certainly never allow a day of rest when Bryce was just faking an illness.

He zipped himself up, resigned to another day of misery, already aware that he was likely to have another accident at some point today.

Half an hour later, he reported directly to the administration building, just as he’d done every day now for weeks. This morning, he warily darted into the men’s room before going to Karl’s office. One more piss, he decided. Just to give himself a slightly higher chance of making it today. He stood at the trough, bore down on his muscles as hard as he could, and tried to force his pee out as fast as he could. But, even as hard as he was pushing, his tired body only allowed him to get out a slow trickle.

Before he was through, the door swung open and in walked Karl. “Oh, there you are,” Karl said, walking over to the trough and standing beside Bryce. He unzipped and allowed his own stream to flow, not pausing his speech. “Bryce, you know you’re supposed to go right to my office.”

Bryce’s fatigued stream got even weaker. He didn’t normally get THAT upset if someone talked to him while he was going, it was irritating, but not a big deal. But, Karl wasn’t just ‘someone’, he was ‘Karl’. “I needed to go first,” Bryce mumbled.

“Zip it up,” Karl said. “You can piss on your own time.”

Bryce was still trickling, which was pretty alarming. He’d JUST gone a little while ago, how could he have filled up again so quickly!? “I’m not done,” he said.

“Yes, you are,” Karl said. “Cut it off, finish it later.”

What the Hell was that supposed to mean?! Bryce was already peeing, there was no going back now.

Karl’s release dwindled and ceased, and if Bryce didn’t know any better he’d swear Karl was bothered that Bryce’s stream was lasting longer than his had. “I said zip it up,” Karl ordered.

“I can’t stop it,” Bryce muttered. Christ, this was ridiculous…

“Don’t care,” Karl said gruffly. “You have a lot to do today. Don’t make me discipline you. Don’t think I won’t, nobody’s around to stop me from filling up a few water jugs today.”

Whimpering, Bryce stuffed his still dribbling cock back into his pants and fumbled his zipper back up with twitchy hands. He was shaking so bad that he could hardly believe he’d actually managed to move the zipper correctly. The last few spurts still left inside his bladder quickly ejected themselves into his boxers, and he felt so ashamed of himself for giving in and complying. He knew what he should have done. He should have told Karl ‘Fuck you, that’s completely unreasonable.’ and finished emptying out into the trough.

But, the thought of having to do the water jug marching thing again, especially with how strangely his bladder had already been behaving today… It made him shudder.

“There’s a good boy,” Karl said. “Let’s go.”

Bryce would have liked to have washed his hands— He was okay with not doing that after peeing if there wasn’t a sink, but if there WAS one he did prefer to practice proper hygiene. He didn’t dare mention that to Karl though, Karl would surely make fun of him. He could already imagine Karl calling him prissy, or unmanly, or a whole host of other insults if he complained about wanting to have clean hands.

Karl led Bryce right outside, and yet another Hellish day commenced. Karl screamed at Bryce to run several laps around the building. The first one was hard enough on his demolished joints and worn out muscles, and the ones that followed it only got more and more painful. His gait grew slower and clumsier with each painful step, and Karl mocked him the whole time. “Wow, Bryce. I would have thought someone in YOUR position would need to be tough and strong. But, you’re neither of those things, are you? You can’t even fucking run!”

Bryce COULD run! He USED to be able to run a lot! But, his legs BURNED right now. They seriously burned, like they’d actually been lit on fire. Heat and agony scorched through every one of his muscles, his bones felt like they were about to crumble to dust. His empty stomach growled and the world around him grew faded and mushy, and everything just… Hurt. It hurt so much. There was not one part of Bryce’s body that felt okay anymore.

When Karl finally let him stop running, he immediately picked up a water jug and guzzled it. Black spots had been fraying along the edge of his vision for a while now, and he KNEW he needed to pump some fluid into himself. His swollen tongue delighted at the cool liquid pooling across it, his dry throat ceased its incessant scratching, his stomach seemed pleased to at least have SOMETHING inside of it now.

But, even as the positive effects of his hydration took hold, Bryce became filled with dread when he set the jug down and saw how much he’d just swallowed. He knew where it was going, and already that area of his body felt like it had a little bit of pressure inside it. He was honestly shocked, he’d peed THREE times today already, he shouldn’t need to go yet AGAIN so quickly! He stumbled back, his leg joints spasming and almost sending him to his knees. And even after all of that water, Bryce’s vision was still a little blurred.

Bryce had a horrible feeling that something was wrong.

“All better, princess?” Karl asked after watching Bryce eagerly suck down his drink.

“Karl,” Bryce said. “I don’t feel right…”

“Awww,” Karl sarcastically cooed. “Poor, little baby… Is somebody all tuckered out?”

Bryce didn’t know WHAT he was. ‘Tired’ didn’t even describe how he was feeling… He felt… Broken. That was it. He felt like his body was completely broken, could no longer function in the way it was supposed to.

“Well, this may come as a surprise, but I don’t care,” Karl said. “Twenty more laps. Now.”

Bryce tried to run as he knew Karl was expecting, but he couldn’t. He could barely even lift his feet from the ground. He trudged, dragging his boots against the dirt, and… God, since when were his boots so heavy?! They must have each weighed twenty pounds or something… It took him forever to finish twenty laps, Karl laughing and scoffing at his abysmal performance the whole time. Once he’d finished, he felt like he was going to collapse, and like he was going to piss his pants. Karl, of course, only ordered him to do another twenty laps.

Bryce still had no idea what was wrong with him right now, but whatever it was had had a profound effect upon his bladder. Once more, it was blisteringly full. He was doing his best to hold it, but it was SO hard right now. He just… He didn’t have the ENERGY to hold it in right now. Tensing his thighs up to help restrain his urine made them cramp, made his whole body feel even more exhausted. Trying to shift his weight made him dizzy with tiredness, made it feel like sharp spikes were being driven into the soles of his feet. He was holding himself whenever he was behind the building and out of Karl’s view, but even his FINGERS were gnawing with stinging pain and tightening them enough to get a decent grip made them spasm with convulsions.

Just having to exert the effort to will his sphincters to stay shut was taking more energy than Bryce currently possessed. Every time his bladder stabbed or pounded at him, he would whimper and do his best to fight through the stinging pain so he could clench it closed. After a few more stumbling, contorted laps, the sun was high in the sky and Bryce was certain that THIS was going to be the day; The day in which he finally completely broke right in front of Karl. He was going to flood his pants, and Karl was going to be there to see it happen.

Bryce just didn’t have it in him to hold it. He didn’t have it in him to do anything. He was like a zombie, going through the motions as he dragged himself around and around the building, doing his best to keep his bladder at bay. He’d already leaked a few spurts into his boxers, and the weirdest thing was that he didn’t even care. He felt the material growing sodden and heavy, felt the dampness encasing his length, felt the wet patch grow and grow… And he didn’t care.

Bryce knew that he should have cared that he was actively wetting his pants. He should have been mortified. He should have been disgusted. But, embarrassment and revulsion both require at least a little bit of energy and brain-power. Two things Bryce had been completely sapped of. His thoughts were disjointed, primitive nonsense, his mind now only able to comprehend the most basic and animalistic of desires. ‘I’m so tired. It hurts so much. I want to go pee. I want to sleep. I want to sit down. I want to go pee. I want food. I want a bed. I want a toilet. I want a chair. I want to go pee. I want to rest. I want to eat. I want to go pee. I need to pee really bad. I’m going to pass out. I’m going to have an accident. I need the bathroom. I need to sleep. There’s so much pain. Please let me sleep. Please let me pee…’

Karl’s jeers and cackles no longer registered themselves to Bryce’s ears. They faded into the swirling, twisting, foggy background of his surroundings. The only things that existed to Bryce were his destroyed muscles and his aching, dripping bladder. ‘Please, make it stop. I can’t do it anymore. I need to sleep. I need to pee. Make it stop. Make it stop.’ Another stream of urine sloshed against the crotch of his boxers, re-warming the drying damp patch. Again, Bryce didn’t care. He only had a tiny shred left of his stubborn pride and a little sliver of foggy awareness that Karl was still watching, and if it wasn’t for that, he would have given up entirely and drenched the living Hell out of his pants by now.

When he came around the building and returned to Karl once more, Karl told him to stop. Bryce was on autopilot by then, however, and he kept going. He hadn’t heard a word Karl had said. “I said STOP, you fucking moron,” Karl bellowed.

Bryce stopped. Now that he was at a standstill, more of the feeling rushed back into his legs, and it wasn’t good. His nerve-endings and muscles roared with agonizing convulsions. His bladder began to pound and throb more tyrannically, and without thinking about it— ‘Thinking’ being something Bryce could no longer really manage— he grabbed hold of his member with both hands and squeezed. He tried to ignore the stabbing twinges that went through his hands, tried to focus only on his mission to keep his urine inside himself.

“Awww, does little Brycie have to use the potty?” Karl asked.

Bryce was swaying on his feet. He wasn’t sure if he was going to piss his pants or lose consciousness first. He knew he should have been mad at Karl’s word choice, should have found himself feeling humiliated by it. But, just as he no longer had it in him to care about his dampening pants, he no longer had it in him to care about anything Karl said. He just nodded. ‘Please,’ he begged mentally, because even in this state he was determined not to debase himself and beg Karl for something out-loud. ‘Please, just have mercy. I think I’m dying. I think I’m ACTUALLY dying. I need to sleep. I need to go pee. Just, please, let me? Please?’

“Poor Bryce!” Karl said. “He has the bladder of a three year old, doesn’t he?”

Bryce was convinced that Karl was right. His bladder must have… Shrunk or something. Along with the rest of his muscles. It was the only explanation for why everything was suddenly so difficult. Again, he nodded.

Karl barked out a laugh. “Shit, he even knows it! Christ, Bryce. You are one pathetic motherfucker, you know that?”

Bryce just kept nodding. He was pathetic. He really was. He could barely even walk anymore. He couldn’t lift his head up. He could scarcely manage to keep his eyes open. Even his eyelids were too heavy for him now. And, he was about to release his bladder completely, all down his legs.

“Ha,” Karl snickered. “Say it, Bryce. Say that you’re a pathetic excuse for a man, and maybe I’ll let you go.”

Bryce’s bladder cramped and gnawed at him, a searing, tender ball of pain in his center. He tightened his grip on his cock, grinding his teeth as he fought through the stiffness in his suffering hands. He struggled to find his voice, struggled to remember what words were, struggled to remember how to talk. His tongue lolled out of his mouth for a second and he croaked “I’m a pathetic excuse for a man.” The last dying ember of his pride had been snuffed out, taken out back and shot by insurmountable levels of exhaustion and anguish. He was broken, inside and out. Weeks of unrelenting physical and mental abuse had murdered every last remnant of Bryce’s very soul.

“What was that?” Karl asked. “I didn’t hear you.”

“I said that I’m a pathetic excuse for a man,” Bryce repeated.

“Awww, you sure are!” Karl nodded.

Bryce didn’t care. He’d say whatever Karl wanted him to say. Just as long as it ended with him being allowed to piss and rest, then he didn’t care. He shifted from foot to foot, once more having to fight away the horrific, bubbling aches that this action brought him. Now that there was a chance that he was going to get a pee break, he was going to try his best to make it. “I need to—“

“I think you’ve finally learned your lesson,” Karl considered. “Have you? Are you sorry for what you did?”

Bryce struggled to remember the incident with the tea which now seemed so long ago. He nodded his head up and down, the muscles in his neck tightening and searing. He was sorry. He was so, SO sorry…

“That’s good,” Karl said, and he stepped closer to harshly run a hand through Bryce’s hair.

Bryce stared at him with watery eyes. He was holding his breath. Breathing was painful. Breathing made tight bands of pressure wrap themselves around his bladder, made it contract and crunch into itself, made his urethra burn. He felt another drop collecting on his tip. He felt it soak into his boxers. He was going to explode… “S—So can I go now?”

“Not yet,” Karl said. “You weren’t the only one involved with that whole… Incident, remember? And, I believe you know a great deal more about those two than I do…”

Bryce’s heart began to sink. He recognized now what this all had REALLY been. Karl was torturing him in order to get information. Information about Kenneth and Dwight. Information he could use to hurt and torment them just as much as he’d hurt and tormented Bryce. Karl had spent weeks systematically breaking down Bryce’s strength, one of the things he held most dear. Now, it seemed, he wanted to know what Kenneth and Dwight were most sensitive about so he could do the same sort of thing to them.

Well. He wouldn’t get the chance. Those two were annoying morons, but they belonged to Bryce.

“You said I couldn’t have Kenneth do the water drill,” Karl went on. “Why not?”

“You heard Elizabeth…” Bryce said, shifting his weight once more and adjusting his grip on his fly. His pee-hole was tingling, fresh liquid bubbling against it. It hurt… “It is unhealthy.”

“You said that BEFORE Elizabeth spoke to me,” Karl said. “You said that Kenneth has a medical condition. What is his medical condition?”

“That’s… That’s not your business,” Bryce said. Some of his energy was returning, adrenaline pumping through his veins as he suddenly remembered how to feel angry. “Kenneth is my subordinate, I am the only one that needs to know details about his health.”

“I am in charge of you,” Karl said. “So, I am in charge of your subordinates as well. I have a right to know if there is something wrong with one of them.”

“It’s… Nothing,” Bryce said. A gnawing, pounding pressure was building at the base of his cock, it felt like his piss was about to spray out in one catastrophic eruption… “It does not effect his performance, so it is irrelevant to—“

“Tell. Me,” Karl said, all mockery gone from his voice.

Bryce stayed quiet. A twinge flared through his bladder, and he curled in on himself, hands tightening around his dick. He nearly whimpered, but fought it down.

“Bryce, you know I could easily obtain his medical records,” Karl said. “I am authorized to do that. Either you can tell me, or I’ll find out for myself. You can’t stop me. Kenneth needs to take his punishment too.”

Bryce sunk his teeth into his already raw, bitten lip. His abdomen was so tender and sore, his whole body was so tender and sore… This hadn’t been a ‘punishment’, this had been torture. And he knew whatever Karl did to Kenneth would be torture as well. Worse, whatever Karl did to Kenneth would involve taking advantage of a medical issue that could easily result in serious bodily harm. He was NOT going to tell Karl what condition Kenneth had, he was NOT going to give Karl the opportunity to make Kenneth sick, or worse…

Karl DID have the ability to get the medical records of anyone he was in charge of. Ordinarily, this was meant as a safety precaution. For example, if someone was allergic to a type of plant, it was good for whoever was in charge of them to know not to order them to crawl through an area where it was growing. But, in this case, Karl knowing Kenneth’s medical history would NOT keep him safe at all.

If… If the people in the medical building knew that Karl intended to abuse his power, would they have the authority to say ‘no’ to him and refuse to allow him access to the records?

Only one way to find out.

A need to protect his subordinates from suffering a similar fate to his own sparked a match inside Bryce’s brain, re-ignited his stubborn nature, brought new life to his sense of pride. “Fuck you, Karl!” Bryce said as loudly as he could manage.

And then he ran.

He knew he was going to pay for that. Swearing at one’s superior, being disrespectful in any way… Those things were always punished. But, if ever there was someone that needed to be cursed out…

Bryce was stunned that he’d suddenly regained the ability to run quickly, the flames flaring through his body now were no longer made of misery and anguish, they were made of anger and drive. He felt alive, he felt alert, he felt like he had a purpose, he felt… He felt…

Ohhhhhh! Fuck! Bryce had to PISS!

He came to a dead stop as the most intense feeling of them all slammed full force against his abdomen. He had to go… He had to go… Oh, dear GOD he had to GO!

He had to get to the medical building, though. Had to tell someone there not to let Karl know about Kenneth’s bladder issue. Had to tell them he intended to use the information to hurt him… The medical building had restrooms. And bottles. Things Bryce could pee into once his job was done. He could make it. It was close.

He reached the building and rushed inside. His bladder dripped and spilt the whole way there, but even now, he didn’t care. That didn’t matter. If he could stop Karl from unleashing the full brunt of his jackassery onto someone else, then even if he pissed his pants, it would be worth it. He didn’t care if he wet himself, not one bit, he didn’t care, he didn’t care, he didn’t—

“Bryce?” Elizabeth asked. “Oh dear, you look exhausted! Are you okay?”

Suddenly, Bryce REALLY cared. Suddenly, Bryce cared a whole lot. He could NOT wet himself. He could not. Not in front of Elizabeth. He had to hold it. Keep it in, keep it in, keep it in… He stood there, shifting around twitchily and trying to keep his hands from palming his groin.

“Bryce…?” Elizabeth prompted. “I think you need to lay down…”

‘Yessss….’ Bryce thought. ‘I want to lay down.’ God, to be off his feet… Just for a moment would feel so wonderful…

No. He’d come here for a reason. And he still had to GO. No laying down until those things were handled. “Elizabeth,” he struggled to clear his throat, a hand returning to his cock without his notice. “K—Karl wants to see Paulson’s medical records.”

Elizabeth nodded. “I can get that for—“

“You have to promise you won’t let him,” Bryce interrupted. “Karl has been making me do drills all day every day,” he explained. “For… A little over a month now, I think.”

Elizabeth frowned. Bryce was no longer really supposed to be doing drills at all now that he’d been assigned his job— Drills were only supposed to happen for him for either disciplinary reasons or just once a month to help his body stay in shape. Even in training, the intense work-outs weren’t supposed to happen every single day. Muscles couldn’t grow strong if they were never given any recovery time. “You’ve had… No days off?”

Bryce shook his head back and forth, his neck screeching at the motion.

That wasn’t right either. They were all supposed to get at least two days off every month… “Bryce—“

“And, he has done this to punish me because he is angry that Paulson, Smith and I pulled a joke on him months ago,” Bryce continued, shutting his eyes tightly. The pressure inside his bladder was absolutely scorching, all of it sharpening to a bright point of pain at the edge of his urethral opening. He shifted from foot to foot, a second hand clasping over his crotch as his hips shimmied. None of his spasming, urgent dancing registered to him, he just HAD to get these words out! “He intends to torment Kenneth and Dwight in some way as well. I let slip that Kenneth has a medical condition, Karl wants to know the specifics on that so he can use it to punish him.”

Elizabeth stared at him. It went without saying that that was incredibly inappropriate behavior. No matter how upset Karl was about whatever had happened before they’d started working together, he did not have the right to abuse his position to get revenge. No telling what he would do to Kenneth if he knew about his urinary difficulties, most likely something that would make him very ill… “I won’t show him, don’t worry,” she said.

“Thank you!” Bryce said, relief filling his chest… Which only made him feel all the more eager for a different kind of relief. Except… Now he was going to have to TELL Elizabeth that he had to go…

He was NOT supposed to talk about such matters to a woman. When he’d been in school, that had been one of the things he’d learned about. That men and women had very, VERY different brains and that being a PROPER gentleman meant taking those differences into account and acting accordingly. It was okay to cuss or make jokes or talk about bodily functions in the company of men, but all of those things were forbidden around women.

As a kid, these rules had confused him a little bit. His Dad cussed sometimes if he whacked his foot against something, even if his Mom was around. And he told jokes to her, too. And once when the family had been out at a park together for a very, VERY long time, Dad had said to Mom that they needed to head back soon because he was ‘dying for the toilet’.

But, everybody at school had been pretty insistent that Bryce was to treat women in a very, very specific way. So, telling Elizabeth that he needed to urinate was off the table… As he tried to think of what to do, his legs tangled together all the more tightly, and his hands squeezed and squeezed away at his crotch.

Elizabeth kept watching him. His little, yet extremely obvious, dance was kind of cute… But she didn’t know why he was continuing to do it. She’d thought he just wanted to make sure Kenneth was safe before he took care of himself, but apparently not…

Then, she remembered the day Dwight had wet himself in front of her, what he’d said about Bryce’s ‘rules’ for talking to women… She was a little surprised that he couldn’t bring himself to say ‘I need the bathroom’ to her but apparently was fine with all that squirming and crotch-grabbing. Maybe he didn’t realize that he was doing it?

“Um… Bryce?” Elizabeth knew this was probably going to embarrass him, but it would be better than just letting him stand there until he made a puddle… “Do you… Need to visit the toilet?”

Nobody had ever told Bryce that it was bad to say ‘Yes’ when a woman ASKED him if he needed the bathroom. He nodded frantically. “Yes,” he said, blushing down at himself as he realized how obvious he must have been this whole time…

“Okay,” Elizabeth said. “You can use this one…” She led him down the hall to a door. “Try not to hold it for so long anymore, okay?”

Bryce gave another flushed, embarrassed nod and rushed into the bathroom. He spurted out another stream as soon as he saw the toilet, its lid already raised. ‘Ahhh, gotta go!’ his brain screamed as he clamped his thighs together. He’d gotten too close now, he was NOT going to lose it right in front of the toilet again. Not when Elizabeth was out there! He spun around to face the closed door, reasoning that if the toilet was no longer in his field of vision, taunting him, he’d have an easier time holding off until his zip was down. ‘Gotta peeeee….’ His hands scrambled madly at his belt, quickly pulling it apart, the buttons followed suit right away and then he gripped his zipper and tugged.

And tugged.

And. TUGGED.

It wouldn’t move!

Earlier, when Karl had forced him to zip his pants up before he’d finished, he must have been shaking so much that he’d gotten it jammed somehow!

Panic gripped him completely. He was going to wet himself for sure now! He tried to just yank his pants down over himself, but with the zipper still up they were too tight and wouldn’t budge! Fear swirled around and around in his brain. ‘No, no, no!’ he thought, one more dribble flying loose. ‘Please, there’s a GIRL here! Please, just— Just let me!’ He fought wildly with his zipper, yanking on it as hard as he could, accidentally pressing his hands against his abdomen as he did so. “Ahh—!” he cried out as the pressure skyrocketed, and a gush of pee audibly hissed into his boxers. “Come on! You stupid— Fucking— God dammit— Shit— MOVE!”

There was a knock on the door. “Um… Bryce?” It was Elizabeth’s voice, and Bryce wanted to die…

“Y—Yes?” Bryce called back, trying to sound pleasant and cordial when internally he was screaming.

“Er… Everything okay in there?”

No! Nothing was okay! He was about to fucking piss his pants! He already WAS fucking pissing his pants! Slowly, sure, but it was happening! Drop by uncontainable drop, his bladder was splitting open. “I— I— No… My… My zipper is stuck, and I… I can’t hold it! I can’t!”

Elizabeth didn’t say anything for a moment. Bryce was so… Headstrong about things, and she wasn’t so sure how comfortable he would be to have HER help him out here… But, all the male medics were busy elsewhere… It would feel strange for him, she knew. But, it WAS her job to help with… ‘emergencies’. And it sure as Hell sounded like Bryce was having one of those right now. “Uh… If you unlock the door, I can help?”

Bryce was faced with an impossible decision. Either he flood his pants now and have Elizabeth see him in pee-soaked clothes, or he open the door and have a CHANCE at making it, but have her… touching… around… there. When his bladder gave one more painful, agonizing lurch, he gave into it and unlocked the door. “Hur—hurry!” he begged her.

“I will,” Elizabeth said, stepping inside with him. She knelt down in front of him. “Oh… Dear, I need you to move your hand out of the way… I’m sorry. I know it’s… Hard.”

‘Oh God, why did she have to say ‘hard’?!’ Bryce thought as his face boiled red hot with embarrassment. He hadn’t even realized he was holding his cock again, but released it.

Elizabeth started working on Bryce’s zipper. Bryce remembered the time Kenneth had helped him in this same way. That had been really weird, but at least Kenneth was another guy… And one he’d only ever felt maybe a slight, passing attraction towards once or twice… Or maybe three times— A secret he intended to take to his grave. Elizabeth was a woman though, and the attraction he felt to her was neither slight nor passing. This felt… God, her hands were over his… ‘Don’t think about it. Don’t let… THAT happen right now.’ He wasn’t even sure if he could GET an erection at the moment with his bladder as full as it was, and he didn’t exactly want to find out.

“Oh… It’s really stuck…” Elizabeth mumbled. “You poor thing! I promise, I’ll have you out of these pants as fast as I can!”

‘Is… Does… Is she doing that on purpose!?’ Bryce’s brain screamed. Was she!? He knew from experience that it was trickier to begin urinating while hard, and so if he got that way now it wouldn’t be as easy for him to have an accident. But, he HOPED that wasn’t her goal. That would be too embarrassing! Even peeing his pants would be less humiliating! Maybe she just didn’t realize how that had sounded…

When he looked down, she was blushing and she gave an awkward laugh. “Oh, I think that came out wrong,” she said. “I’m sorry.”

Okay. So she WASN’T trying to tease him until he got hard and couldn’t wet his pants. Good… Except, Bryce still SERIOUSLY felt like he was gonna wet his pants, which was a bit LESS good. He wanted to hold his member again, but doing that would only result in him needing to wait longer… Liquid sloshed and thrashed, and his pee-hole felt like it was vibrating from all the strain, and—

Zzziiiip!

“There you are!” Elizabeth said. “That’s bett—“

And then, yet again, Bryce’s desperate and exhausted brain… Pretty much just broke and stopped working. He forgot where he was, he forgot who was with him… He only remembered that his zipper was down, that he was very tired, that there was a toilet, and that he had a LOT of piss that needed to come out… He rushed over to the toilet, tugging his pants down further and the instant he was seated, he was gushing for all he was worth. He could… He could finally just relax… His legs were allowed a break, his bladder was allowed a break, all the agonies of the day were going away…

His worn out legs and feet sang with relief as he was finally able to get off of them, the aching muscles inside them finally slackening. His bladder went loose and light, the release of his burden spraying out through his opening and hissing and splattering into the bowl below him making him moan. “Ahhhh….” His eyes had closed as he’d sat himself down, a smile now spreading across his relaxed features. He just felt so much better…

Elizabeth blinked at him for a second, before spinning around with a surprised “Oh!” She hadn’t expected him to just… GO like that. She understood he’d needed this very, very badly, but with as reluctant as he’d been to even TELL her that he had to pee, she never would have thought he’d do it before she’d left the room.

She was also surprised that… Well, she supposed she shouldn’t really be thinking about it… But, she was surprised that Bryce was sitting down for this. Poor guy had looked absolutely worn out, it must have felt good to rest his legs, but she’d never seen a guy sit to go before— Not that she’d seen men pee THAT many times even in her line of work, but still…

She’d, admittedly, been a little jealous that men could go standing and without needing to remove as much clothing. She’d suffered more than a few instances of desperation that would have been easily avoided had she been able to go outdoors quickly, easily and discreetly. And she’d probably be FAR less annoyed that most of the men around here didn’t seem to be able to remember to put the seat down most of the time.

Beyond the surprise she felt that Bryce would choose to go both in front of her and sitting down, she also thought he… Well, looked a little cute. Not because he was peeing, that wasn’t it. Just… That look on his face, so happy and content. She’d never seen him look any way other than annoyed, stressed or weary, but now she discovered that he had a pretty adorable smile…

She grew somewhat concerned when quite some time passed and Bryce was still spraying away like a broken faucet. It was the same feeling she’d gotten when she’d seen how much Kenneth tended to fill the urine bottles here. An awareness that he’d held in far more than was healthy.

She knew that today Bryce’s desperation had come about thanks to being bullied, and she hoped he didn’t push himself like this often…

Bryce’s body started to shudder, a pleasurable shiver working up and down his spine. He didn’t know if peeing had ever felt this good before. He’d made it! He’d done it! And he hadn’t embarrassed himself too badly in front of Elizabeth at all, and—

Wait.

His eyes cracked open.

She was… Still… Here…

He was… Half naked, sitting on the toilet, and releasing a waterfall right in front of her.

He’d… He’d been so overwhelmed by his need that he’d failed to wait for her to leave! How could he have been so stupid!? How could he have been so impulsive!? “Ah!” he cried, hands flying to cover himself up a little, even though the damage was obviously done.

Elizabeth heard him gasp, but didn’t think she should turn around. She could still hear his stream flowing, he wasn’t done yet… A fact which continued to alarm her.

Finally, the last of his pee had trickled out. Normally, if Bryce was this tired, he would stay on the toilet for a couple more minutes even after he’d run out of urine to expel, but this time he quickly sprang to his feet and pulled his pants back up. “Ah— Oh—“ he stammered, shakily flushing the toilet and stumbling to the sink. “Oh— Oh my God, I— God—“

“Bryce,” Elizabeth said gently, turning back around and watching as he splashed some water onto his face. She now had a feeling he’d managed to entirely forget she was there once he’d realized relief was finally on the table for him; He hadn’t MEANT to go in front of her, it had just happened. “It’s… It’s okay.”

Bryce wanted to leave. He wanted to leave this room and bury himself under twenty feet of dirt so he’d never have to interact with anyone ever again. “I— I— I just— I—“

“It’s okay,” Elizabeth repeated. “You just had to go so much that you weren’t thinking clearly. That’s all.”

“I’m so sorry,” Bryce finally managed to spit out.

“It’s fine,” Elizabeth promised. “Trust me, a man peeing into a toilet is FAR from the grossest thing I’ve ever seen.”

Bryce felt a little better knowing that he hadn’t offended her or anything. More of his day returned to his memory. “Oh, God… I swore at Karl and ran away from him. He’s going to kill me.”

“Worry about him later,” Elizabeth said. “Right now, you NEED rest. Your body has been through way too much. You need to get your strength back.”

*072*2022-03-02 17:18

This one is looooong....

***

Now, Kenneth and Dwight shared one of their beds most nights. It had become less of a desire and more of a need. Dwight needed Kenneth’s arm possessively wrapped around him, he needed that constant reminder that Kenneth had claimed him, wanted him all to himself. Kenneth needed for his protector to be right there beside him when he woke from a nightmare.

The nightmares were becoming more intense, and quite a bit more frequent. Any night when they slept apart, Kenneth would wake trembling and on the verge of screaming, feeling so cold throughout his body that he’d swear he was turning to ice. When this happened, he would rush to the other side of the room and nestle himself into Dwight’s bed alongside him, wriggling so close that it was like he was trying to crawl inside him. If Dwight was ever woken by this, he didn’t complain. He’d know right away what had happened and would simply nuzzle his frightened companion and whisper to him that everything was okay now.

On nights when they slept together, Kenneth would wake up with his heart pounding, and would immediately grab onto the material of Dwight’s pajamas, just to remind himself that he was there. The nightmares seemed to happen less often when they slept together, as if the feeling of Dwight’s warm body against his own was soothing to Kenneth’s brain even when it was asleep. But, either way, Kenneth still averaged about one bad dream a week.

Kenneth wished with all his heart that they would just go away. He’d thought that, since his Father was no longer walking the Earth, he shouldn’t still be so afraid of him. He’d thought that, since he’d been the one to send Father down to Hell where he belonged, he should no longer feel broken by him. Kenneth had won, hadn’t he? He’d survived the Hell of his childhood and adolescence, while his Father had not. Kenneth had watched the life drain from his Father’s eyes, had felt so much satisfaction and freedom in that moment. It was supposed to have been over, so why wasn’t it?

The most peculiar part of it all was that sometimes the nightmares weren’t of what Father did to him. Sometimes, the nightmares were of what Kenneth had done to his Father. When he’d done it, when he’d pulled the trigger and ended his Father’s wretched existence, he’d felt many things. He’d felt pulse-pounding fear, he’d felt heart-shattering rage, he’d felt triumph and delight… But, afterwards, there was also shame. He had killed his own Father. He reminded himself again and again that it had been well deserved, and that he’d only been acting in self defense. Father was going to kill him if he didn’t shoot. He’d had no choice. And he’d never gotten into any kind of trouble for the incident. He’d re-arranged the room a little and found a depressed passage Father had written in his journal to leave near the body before he’d fled. When Father was discovered days later it was easily written off as a suicide and Kenneth and Dwight had already left town.

But, in Kenneth’s nightmares, something usually went wrong somehow. He’d shoot his weapon too late and his Father would succeed in murdering him. He’d leave something crucial behind at the scene and be arrested for murder. It would turn out that his Father actually survived somehow and had been looking for him all this time to get revenge. And, if something didn’t go wrong, then the focus of his nightmare would be his guilt and his fear of himself. He’d killed his own Father and he’d been damned happy to do it, too. Didn’t that mean he was just as bad?

Kenneth hated how much he looked like his Father. They didn’t have the same hair color, but their eyes were identical. Large and blue. They both had pointed chins and small frames. They looked too similar. He wished he looked like his Mother instead. He had her nose, but that was about it. He was more made up of his Father than he was of her, and that was terrifying.

One night, after waking from such a dream, Dwight assured him again and again that he was not his Father. “You’ve done bad things,” Dwight conceded. “You’ve punched people or yelled or broken things you shouldn’t have, but nobody is good one hundred percent of the time. That’s impossible. I think the good in you outweighs the bad, though.”

Kenneth just hanged his head. Sometimes, when he looked in the mirror, he didn’t see anything good. He saw his Father, just with different hair.

“So, Kenneth Paulson has trouble with his temper,” Dwight said. “So, he flies off the handle sometimes. Well, he’s also funny, he’s loyal, he’s protective. He might not get close to many people but the ones he DOES he cares about very much. He usually will say he’s sorry if he does something wrong and try to make up for it… He’s also, might I add, VERY cute—“

Kenneth blushed and looked away, “I look like him,” he corrected.

“Only a little,” Dwight said, pulling Kenneth closer. “And, it’s not just how you look that makes you so cute, it’s how you act, too. Like the way you still pretend that you’re ‘giving in’ to me every time we sleep together like this, it’s adorable.”

Kenneth felt better in Dwight’s arms. ‘Father hated Mother,’ he thought. ‘The only reason they got married was because she was pregnant with me and their families made them. But, he hated her. He was even worse to her than he was to me.’ Kenneth didn’t think he’d ever seen his Father love anyone. He’d loved two things, booze and himself.

But, Kenneth… He wasn’t like that. He didn’t have a vacant, empty space where his heart should have been. He loved things and people. He’d loved his Mother when she’d been alive, and he still loved her now. He loved the tropics. He loved Bryce… In a way. He loved messing with him, at least. But, most of all… “Dwight… Um… I…”

Dwight brushed his lips against Kenneth’s neck. “Hm?”

“I… Uh… I…” Kenneth swallowed, his throat suddenly feeling very dry. He wasn’t like his Father because Father was not capable of love or compassion, and Kenneth WAS. He really was. “I… I love you, Dwight,” he finally said.

Dwight’s heart thrummed in his chest. He’d known Kenneth loved him for a long time. He’d known it for years. But, hearing him finally say the words like that… “I love you too, Kenneth.”

Kenneth felt tension ease from his body when Dwight reciprocated. He hadn’t doubted for a second that he would, but it was still a relief to hear. “I love you so much… And… And that means I can’t be my Father. Father never loved anything, he never cared about anything except for himself. But, I love lots of things, and mostly I love you.” This realization, this awareness now of the warmth and radiant love that he held for Dwight was making him feel so much better. “I’m not like him,” he said once more.

“You’re not,” Dwight agreed. “You aren’t perfect, no one is, but you’re not him. If you were, I wouldn’t be so in love with you.”

They snuggled there quietly for a few more minutes, before Dwight spoke up. “So… Uh, shouldn’t we do something about this thing with Bryce and Karl?”

Kenneth knew that something really had to be done, it killed him that he knew what had been going on and hadn’t stopped it. That was what all of Kenneth’s neighbors had done when he was a child, they’d seen him being hurt and hadn’t done anything. They’d seen him being hurt and had told themselves that what happened inside someone else’s home was none of their business. Or they’d been too frightened of potential consequences to step in— Exactly like how Kenneth was feeling now.

So maybe he wasn’t becoming his Father, but right now he was behaving exactly like the kind of person that had enabled his Father to become such a monster. Something had to be done, Kenneth could keep going above Karl’s head to get someone else to stop him, but evidently when he did that, Karl just thought of some new way to torment people. There were people much, much higher up whom he could report Karl to, but any letter he wrote would take ages to reach its destination, and then it would have to be looked through, discussed, and decided if and how Karl should be disciplined. It would take too long, and it may not even work.

The lesson Kenneth had taken to heart the day he finally had to kill his Father was simple; If he wanted a job done right, he had to do it himself. He could rarely hope to rely on other people to solve a problem, and was usually better off taking matters into his own hands. The other lesson he’d learned was that sometimes, when he took matters into his own hands, the results were not things he would always be proud of.

“We have to handle it,” Kenneth said. “If we send a letter to report him, it will take forever. And who knows what Karl will do to Bryce while we wait for a response? I am… Scared, however.”

“Of Karl?” Dwight asked. “I’ll protect y—“

“Of myself,” Kenneth corrected. “He… Karl makes me think of my Father. A lot. They do not even look similar, but still when I see him, I see my Father. And it makes me want to… I end up feeling like I will blow up.”

Dwight rubbed Kenneth’s back. ‘Karl deserves having you blow up at him,’ he wanted to say. But, the shame that always befell his friend after an outburst… It never mattered to him if the person he’d lost it at had done something to really earn it. “We have to do something, though,” he said. “The thing with the tea… It was harmless. We can do something similar?”

“Clearly that did not dissuade Karl from his bullying,” Kenneth said. “If we do that again, he will just get angrier. It will get worse.”

Dwight had been bullied a lot growing up as well. He was always the smallest child at the orphanage, and he gave in to things too easily. He gave up his food without much of a fight and was content to accept being pushed around. It was not until he’d met Kenneth that that finally changed.

One day, when one of Dwight’s bullies chose to pick on him in front of Kenneth, Kenneth… Lost it. He wailed on the other child, pummeling him and screaming and ultimately knocking out his front teeth. The bully had then run off crying, and he never bothered Dwight again. Nor did anyone else, now too frightened of the angry fire that resided inside his friend to risk igniting it.

Back then, Dwight had thought Kenneth’s display of vicious rage had been great. He’d seen Kenneth as a protective savior. But, Kenneth…

After he’d realized he’d knocked the other kid’s teeth out, he’d stumbled back and began to practically hyperventilate. He’d stared at his hands like they were the most interesting things in the world. He’d been horrified. He’d been horrified of himself.

Before Dwight could even thank him, Kenneth was gripping his shirt, begging “Please, don’t ever let that happen to me again, okay?”

Dwight had been confused by Kenneth’s upset. He’d defended his best friend, that was something to be proud of, wasn’t it? But, then when they got older, when these outbursts kept happening and Kenneth gained the vocabulary he needed to describe exactly what ‘anger’ felt like to him, Dwight understood. Kenneth genuinely felt like something else was taking control of him, something that was destructive, violent and scary.

Dwight knew that Kenneth could put bullies in their places, he’d seen him do it before. But, the way he did it was painful to him and made him hate himself. Dwight tried his best to help Kenneth fight down his anger when it began to overtake him, he could not with a good conscience encourage him to lean into it, could he?

“We can’t just let him keep doing this stuff,” Dwight said.

“I know…” Kenneth agreed. “But, pranking him doesn’t work, and we can’t use violence, and reporting him is too complicated… What CAN we do?”

“Maybe we can get someone else to swap roles with Karl? So there’s a different person in charge of Bryce?”

“Karl wouldn’t do that,” Kenneth said. “And, even if he does, then he’ll just bully some new person. That doesn’t fix anything.”

“Maybe we just need to do something… Bigger than what we did last time?” Dwight gathered, when he felt Kenneth go tense, he added “I don’t mean I want you to go nuts and beat the shit out of him, just… A more intense prank?”

“He’ll get mad, he’ll punish—“

“I’m thinking that, maybe if we REALLY hit him somewhere that it hurts, he’ll finally get it that he shouldn’t mess with us, because he’ll get back even worse than he gives.”

Kenneth did think that was a good plan, and if he could reign in his temper at the sight of Karl’s stupid, ugly face for long enough to pull it off without exploding, then it could work. He was unsure of what to do exactly, though. Making Karl pee his pants hadn’t been enough of a deterrent, it had only stoked his anger. And after it was over, Karl had only embarrassed himself in front of three people whom he had zero respect for, and—

Kenneth was getting an idea.

Maybe Dwight was onto something after all. Maybe they DID need to make Karl wet himself again, except in front of someone that he really wouldn’t be able to handle seeing him that way? Who?

For the next several days, Kenneth thought and thought. Obviously, it needed to be someone Karl respected. DID Karl respect anyone, though? He sure didn’t act like it… He was rude to everyone and constantly acting like he was superior. He never listened to anyone, not even those who were at the same rank as him. The only person Kenneth had ever seen him listen to was Elizabeth.

Hmm…

Kenneth requested to spend time helping in the medical building, just in the hope that something interesting may happen there.

Bryce was still resting up in one of the rooms, so Karl was going in there from time to time to ‘check on him’. Kenneth knew he’d turn up eventually. And, indeed, he did.

And, good Lord was Karl ever obvious!

When Karl spoke to Elizabeth, he would lean in very close to her. He would adjust his collar. He would run his hands through his hair. He’d even unbutton his shirt a bit to expose his chest, remarking on how warm it was inside.

Karl liked Elizabeth.

‘Poor Elizabeth!’ Kenneth thought, but he had his plan now. He was going to orchestrate a situation that resulted in Karl pissing his pants in front of Elizabeth, and he was going to tell the bastard that unless he started behaving like a human, there would be plenty more humiliations to come.

That night, he told Dwight what he’d learned and what they had to do. The only problem now was figuring out HOW to do it. “Karl is unlikely to accept drinks from us again after last time,” he said. “Not without some sort of incentive, anyway.”

Dwight cuddled Kenneth close, dreading what he was about to suggest. He knew it would be very, VERY hard on his friend, but he was the only one that he KNEW could do it. “Well, you know how Karl always acts like he’s all high and mighty? Stronger than everyone?”

“Of course.”

“He… Would not turn down a holding contest…” Dwight said. “A chance to show his strength and superiority compared to a… Uh… Smaller competitor?” Again, he felt his friend go stiff in his arms.

“Are you suggesting that I—“

“Yes,” Dwight said. “Bryce is still sick, and you KNOW I’m not that good at holding it. But, you… You physically CAN’T go in front of Karl, so there is no way you won’t outlast him.”

Kenneth was still tense. Dwight was proposing he use his absolutely atrocious case of shy bladder— the bane to his very existence— as a weapon?

“And, Karl doesn’t know that you HAVE this… Problem,” Dwight said. “You go up to Karl and make a bet with him; If you can beat him in a test of strength, then he has to leave us alone. He’ll take one look at your… ‘size’, and assume it will be an easy win.”

“But, I’ll… End up getting really, really… I’ll have to go super bad. And for a long time,” Kenneth said. “Bryce told me Karl only pissed a couple times a day all those weeks he had him exercising in the fields. He CAN hold a lot.”

“That’s… Why YOU have to do this,” Dwight said. “I seriously DON’T think I can beat him, but I KNOW that you can.”

Kenneth fidgeted in Dwight’s arms. He didn’t like this. He’d done a holding contest once before, yes. But, it had been held inside his room, a place he considered safe, with the restroom he felt most secure in just a few steps away. This would not be the same thing. They’d have to do it outside somewhere so that Elizabeth would be around to witness Karl’s inevitable accident. Getting desperate away from a safe space, and with people nearby, was one of Kenneth’s least favorite things. He couldn’t imagine doing that to himself on purpose. “Dwight…”

“I know,” Dwight said. “It’s going to be very uncomfortable for you. I’m really sorry, I can’t think of another way to do this, though.”

Kenneth knew Dwight was right once again, Kenneth knew that he really was the only person that could do this. He just wished he didn’t need to.

The next day, the plan was set in motion. Dwight went to get Elizabeth and explained what was happening, omitting a few details. “Elizabeth,” he said. “Kenneth thinks he knows how to get Karl to leave Bryce alone. He’s making a bet with him, but… Oh, I’m really worried!”

“What’s the matter? What’s the bet?”

“If Kenneth can prove to Karl that he’s stronger than him, Karl has to stop picking on Bryce,” Dwight said. “And, the way he wants to prove that is with… Um… A pee-holding contest. And I don’t want Kenneth to hurt himself!” he added. “Could you watch, just to keep on eye on him and make sure he’s alright?”

Elizabeth didn’t like this idea at all. Kenneth really COULD hurt himself doing this… Karl could as well, she supposed. But in all honesty, after seeing the state he’d left Bryce in, she wouldn’t be too broken up about that. At the same time, though, she was pretty sure this was the only ‘test of strength’ Kenneth could possibly beat Karl in. And, if it got Karl to stop, then maybe it would be worth it. “I’ll watch,” she said. “Where are they doing this?”

Kenneth, meanwhile, was in Karl’s office. Earlier that morning, Kenneth had waited until the last possible second to pee before he’d left his room. Even after his stream had ceased, he kept standing there, squeezing hard against his muscles and trying to get out every last drop he had in him. He was dreading this. It was bad enough to get desperate unexpectedly, to do it on purpose and while in the presence of someone that was so much like his Father was sure to be abysmal.

“You know,” Karl said. “It is customary to knock on the door before you barge in here.”

Christ, his voice even sounded like Father’s! “I want you to leave Bryce alone,” Kenneth stated.

“I will,” Karl said calmly. “He’s learned his lesson, unless he messes up again I won’t be bothering him much more. Right now, it’s time for you and your friend to pay up.”

Kenneth hadn’t known that Karl had planned to do something to Dwight too, and the news made something stir inside his chest. Like his heart was caught up in a tornado. Nobody was allowed to hurt Dwight. Nobody. Kenneth’s fingers twitched, aching to curl themselves into a fist. ‘Calm… Calm…’ he ordered himself. ‘Focus…’ He breathed out very slowly, but the swirling chaos inside his chest didn’t fade.

It took a few seconds for Kenneth to remember Karl had also said he intended to harm HIM as well. For some reason, that part wasn’t as painful for him to hear, Karl could do whatever he wanted to him, just leave Dwight alone. And when he realized that, Kenneth felt a strange hint of calm. This was one more way he was not like his Father; Kenneth was able to put someone else’s comfort and safety before his own. “I— I wanted to make a deal with you,” he said finally.

Karl leaned back in his chair, “I don’t care what you have to offer me, you can’t get out of—“

“A bet,” Kenneth said. “If I can outlast you in a test of strength, you have to behave civilly to myself, my friends, and everyone else here.”

Karl snorted. A ‘test of strength’, right. He looked at Kenneth’s meager height, his toothpick thin noodle-arms, the way he’d been shaking and struggling to breathe the whole time he’d been in this room as if Karl’s very existence was too intimidating for him to bear. “And when I win?”

“If… If you win…” Kenneth tried to think of something Karl would want, but he could only come up with one thing. “Then… You can do that, um, that water-chugging drill thing to me.”

Karl chuckled, he’d been overwhelmed with curiosity ever since Bryce had insisted to him that Kenneth was not to be put through that punishment. Now he was going to get to wipe the floor with this tiny pissant’s ass AND see what happened when Kenneth was subjected to that drill? To say he felt ‘excited’ would be an understatement. “What’s the test?” he asked.

“A…” Kenneth grimaced. “A ‘holding contest’,” he said. “We drink a lot of water, and the first to… Uh, ‘relieve himself’ is the loser. This was Elizabeth’s idea,” he added as an afterthought, assuming it would help to get Karl on board.

Karl did not question why Elizabeth would suggest they do such a thing, he only thought of what an easy win this was sure to be. Even if Bryce had stubbornly refused to name Kenneth’s medical condition, it was obvious that it had something to do with urination. Looking at the tiny, feeble man twitch and shift like a frightened chihuahua, Karl had a feeling that Kenneth had some kind of issue with bladder control. Possibly, his bladder was overactive, and he struggled with ‘making it’ in time. He was likely the kind of person that ‘leaked’ when scared and didn’t always wake up dry. Kenneth was so puny, it stood to reason that his bladder would be puny as well.

Karl was positive that all of this would be over before HE even felt a need to go at all, and then he’d get to torment Kenneth for an entire day, forcing him to wet his pants over and over and over again until he felt as humiliated as Karl had that day at the barn. “Alright,” Karl said. “Where do you want to do this?”

***

Kenneth chose to do it out in the field. Kenneth knew it was the best place for it, because it was the absolute WORST place for HIM to be when he had to go. It was flat, barren and with absolutely nothing for him to hide behind. It was an hour’s walk from his barrack and from the nice, safe toilet that he could easily use. It was a spot that offered Kenneth no easy solution, no way to back out, no way to give in… And so it was the perfect spot for him to be if he wanted to be damn sure he didn’t go until after Karl already had.

He just tried not to think about what he was going to do AFTER the contest had concluded; At which point, Kenneth knew, he’d be so painfully desperate for a piss that taking a long walk to his private restroom would feel more like crawling over hot coals in the depths of Hell. He hoped that, perhaps, Karl would lose it and flood his pants before Kenneth got into THAT dire a state, but he knew that was a pretty empty hope.

Dwight had brought along the water jugs and handed one each to Karl and Kenneth. Elizabeth stood beside him, “Now be careful, okay boys? If it is starting to hurt, you need to stop right away. And, Kenneth, it is VERY open out here, are you sure this is the best place? I don’t want your ‘prob—‘ Oh!” she gasped as Dwight nudged her in the arm.

Elizabeth turned to him and Dwight tried to communicate with her using just his eyes. He could actually do that with Kenneth pretty well, he could shoot Kenneth a glance and a lot of the time Kenneth would just KNOW what he wanted without either of them needing to say a word.

It wasn’t working as well with Elizabeth; She had no idea what Dwight wanted. But, she DID remember Bryce warning her not to let Karl know about Kenneth’s condition, so she kept quiet.

The contest began, Karl and Kenneth both guzzled down the first jugs of water and began to wait. Karl was surprised that Kenneth lasted until Dwight said it was time to drink the next jug. Karl was even more surprised that the scrawny man wasn’t yet doing a childish pee-dance. ‘Maybe he dehydrated himself before this,’ Karl figured. ‘Probably didn’t drink anything at all yesterday, that’s why it’s not hitting him already. He had time to prepare.’

To most of the world, it really didn’t look like Kenneth had to use the toilet yet. To Dwight though, it looked like Kenneth’s bladder must have been getting pretty uncomfortable. Kenneth’s pinky was in his mouth, being chewed on like a hungry dog would gnaw at a bone.

Dwight widened his eyes at his friend and turned up his eyebrows, trying his very best to convey the words ‘I’m really sorry! Hang in there! It will be worth it!’

Indeed, Kenneth was starting to feel an urge to pee. All that water running through his veins, all of it beginning to converge in the same place… He could feel his need building at a fast rate, but was determined not to let on that he was beginning to REALLY wish that he was locked away inside of his restroom right now. He saw Dwight give him that caring, concerned look, and he felt better. ‘You HAVE to do this,’ he reminded himself. ‘Karl wants to HURT Dwight.’

He wasn’t even desperate yet, nowhere near the point that he’d even consider giving in to his bladder’s irritating, little tingles. He could hold this, he could easily hold this. He just had to stop thinking about how much water he’d drank, how much liquid was still heading for his bladder, how much worse this was bound to get before it got even the tiniest smidge better.

Karl was also starting to feel it, a definite pressure around the base of his cock; a pulsing, little throb of need. Typically, this would be around the time he’d start thinking about whether or not he should head for the restroom or if he should hold off a while longer to finish something else. He was actually surprised Kenneth had held it in long enough for Karl’s bladder to fill up at all. So, the little irritation was slightly stronger than Karl had thought, it seemed. He crossed one ankle over the other, relieving the pangs inside his bladder slightly. It was embarrassing to squirm like that, but he was sure Kenneth must have been making an even bigger fool out of himself by now.

Karl turned slightly to look at Kenneth again, expecting to see him doubling over on the edge of an accident, but… No. Karl instead noted, with an embarrassing amount of dismay, that Kenneth was still standing up straight. His legs hadn’t even crossed yet, nor was he jiggling. One hand remained hanging at his side, the other up at his mouth, neither clutching between his legs like Karl had assumed they would be.

Karl whipped his head back around. How was Kenneth still so… So… Okay? ‘Don’t worry about it,’ Karl told himself. So, Kenneth was a tiny, teeny, itty-bitty, teensy-weensy bit more capable of self-control than Karl had assumed. So what? That was no reason to get worked up.

But, a part of Karl was getting worked up. It was getting REALLY worked up. The throbbing, urgent cries from inside his bladder were getting louder. His bladder couldn’t understand why he wasn’t letting it release right now. He was outdoors after all, he should just whip it out and go right where he was. Hell, he decided that Elizabeth would probably love the view, too.

“Everyone feeling okay?” Elizabeth asked.

Kenneth nodded. “I— I could… I could wait all day,” he said. And he knew that he could. If they stayed out here, in this field, with both Elizabeth and Karl beside him all day long, then Kenneth’s bladder really would remain clenched and closed the entire time. He hoped that it didn’t last that long, but he’d been doing his best NOT to look at Karl— The very sight of him made fire-balls fizz through Kenneth’s bloodstream. And, since he was pointedly NOT watching his opponent, he wasn’t getting a good idea of how close he was to breaking.

Kenneth was getting a little worried now. His need had been steadily amplifying at first, but for the last several minutes it had felt like entire buckets of water were being dumped into his bladder every few seconds. His urge to urinate was building up so quickly now that it was frightening. He’d been shifting his hips nonstop for a while now. But, he couldn’t give up. “I could… I could wait until tomorrow,” he added, and his bladder screamed and throbbed at the thought of it.

“Oh, SURE you could…” Karl chortled out a laugh, unintentionally rocking the walls of his own bladder, forcing him to squeeze his thighs together and give a little bounce.

“I could,” Kenneth said, debating if he should say more. Karl’s arrogant tone was really starting to piss him off. Father had acted smug sometimes too, when he mocked Kenneth for crying while being whipped or when he told Kenneth delusional, and no doubt completely fabricated, stories about all the women he’d spent nights with. All the times he’d heard Father spout off and act superior, when really he was a cowardly worm, Kenneth had wished that there was something HE could say that would intimidate him.

Kenneth DID have one thing he could mention now that could intimidate Karl… “I could,” he repeated, swaying a little from foot to foot without noticing. “I held it for an entire day once before, actually. My record is twenty three hours,” he added, trying to sound modest. It felt strange to him, treating one of the worst days of his life-- a day in which his body had completely betrayed him, as some kind of accomplishment. But when he flicked his eyes over to Karl, he saw worry flash across the other man’s face for a second. Only for a second. If Kenneth hadn’t been specifically searching it out, it would have surely flown right by him.

“Bullshit,” Karl said after a moment. The arrogance was still there in his tone, but something about it rang hollow.

Kenneth, now rocking from side to side as his thighs tensed, looked back towards Dwight. He narrowed his eyes, knit his brow.

Dwight understood. Kenneth wanted him to back him up. “Oh, he did,” Dwight said. “It hurt a lot, but he did it.”

“Bullshit…” Karl said once more, softer this time. That couldn’t possibly be true, could it? Nobody could hold it for that long. They’d be dead, surely. Kenneth was just trying to get in his head. The pint-sized excuse for a man may not have been strong, but Karl knew he was at least a little clever. That’s all this was, a mind-game, telling Karl all sorts of lies so he’d think he’d made a mistake agreeing to this. He was trying to make Karl second-guess himself, trying to trick him into giving up early.

Well, he had another thing coming. Karl wasn’t going to fall for this. No matter HOW good a piss would feel right now, he was NOT going to let himself lose. But… Wow, would a piss feel good right about now. The subtle pressure he’d been enduring just a few minutes ago had quickly transformed into fiery, urgent pangs. His urethral opening tingled slightly with the urge to let it all spray out, and his hand kept instinctively reaching for his zip, as if to pull it down so that he could go.

“Time for more water,” Dwight announced, grabbing the last of the jugs.

Kenneth unscrewed the cap on his jug. His bladder quivered inside him as he gazed down at its opening. He tensed his thighs. Two big jugs still working through him, one more about to be added… And already he was getting really uncomfortable. ‘You have to…’ he told himself. ‘You can do this… Do it for Dwight, okay? Karl hurts Dwight if you don’t win the bet, remember?’

Kenneth raised the jug to his lips and began to swallow its contents. His body protested his action violently, chills went up his spine as he gulped down more and more water. His bladder began to ache and throb as if all the water was flowing right down into it the instant he’d swallowed. His feet started to shift as he guzzled away, his abdomen felt rock hard, his belt squeezing against it much too firmly to be tolerable. ‘Ohh, I need to relieve myself…’ he thought miserably. ‘I need to go soon… Ah, the walk back is so long… I’ll never—‘

He tossed the now empty jug to the side and tried to reign his runaway thoughts back in. ‘No,’ he ordered himself. ‘Don’t think about that. Think about how you need to keep Dwight safe. Think about how you need to stop Karl. Don’t think about peeing at all. Don’t think about peeing. Don’t think about peeing. Don’t think about how… How freaking GOOD it would feel to PEE right now— Ah—! Stop…’

Kenneth bounced frantically on the spot, the action only making the excessive amount of liquid he’d just forced into himself slosh around more and more. He made himself stop, wound his legs together instead and stared up at the sky. He tried to picture himself with wings, flying around up there. If he had wings he could get back to his barrack really fast. If he had wings, he could be peeing in just a couple minutes, and—

Stop!

He… He just had to go so bad! His belt was too tight! That was it! His belt was squeezing his bladder so much that it was making him go insane! He couldn’t handle that anymore, he had to— He had to— His hands dove down to his belt and yanked it apart, immediately the agonizing ‘Gotta go NOW!’ urgency in his core began to die down as his bladder was granted a bit more space. God, that was better! It was such a relief to have that tight, squeezing thing gone that he sighed a little “Ahhh…”

Karl hadn’t yet taken a sip from his jug, he’d been watching Kenneth fidget and writhe as he struggled to chug down his own. Yeah, it was bullshit that Kenneth had ever held his bladder for an entire day. Total bullshit. He was about to go in his pants any second now, Karl knew. When he heard Kenneth sigh like that, he was sure he HAD, and was a little disappointed that no stream was gushing from between his opponents tightly crossed legs.

Which meant Karl hadn’t won yet. Which meant he had to actually drink this third jug of water. He grimaced, his bladder surging within him. ‘Please, no more!’ it seemed to beg him. But, he didn’t listen to its cries. He was in control of his bladder, not the other way around. And, if he said it was time for it to accommodate more water, then it was ITS job to find room for it all.

He began to drink, his Adam’s apple bobbing with each heavy swallow. God… There was so much fluid in him right now. He was surprised he hadn’t turned into a fish yet. His organs all must have been spontaneously rearranging themselves to give all this new water a place to go. Every time he gulped down another mouth-full, the stinging pain in his pee-hole would grow more intense, more agonizing, more needling. His entire body was begging him, demanding that he stop whatever madness he was forcing it to endure and just PEE already.

But, Karl didn’t listen to it. He was sure that Kenneth was JUST about to explode, he only had to hold out a few minutes longer. Once he’d drained the jug and had tossed it away, his hands gripped onto the bottom of his shirt without his consent— Dangerously close to cupping his crotch. Then, worse still, he felt… Warmth. Not around his dick from a loss of control, thank goodness. But… Around his face, from what was surely a furious blush, and that was almost as bad.

He was… Squirming and fidgeting and writhing like a little kid, and Elizabeth was watching him! This was HUMILIATING. This wasn’t what was SUPPOSED to have happened at all. Kenneth was supposed to have pissed himself so early in the game that Karl never even managed to feel the slightest HINT of desperation. Kenneth was NOT supposed to have held on for so long that Karl was doing a full-blown pee dance, very nearly holding his cock, and actually kind of… Worrying about whether or not he could make it.

Karl looked back at Kenneth, and wanted to SCREAM when he saw how much calmer he was now that his belt wasn’t hurting him anymore. Kenneth was still jiggling, he was still crossing and uncrossing his legs at a ferocious speed that made Karl wonder if he was going to accidentally kick himself or something, but that panicked flush on his face was GONE. He swore, the bastard actually managed to look confident, even as he bounced and twisted around on himself.

And all of that made Karl absolutely FURIOUS.

How DARE he? How very DARE he present this challenge to Karl, looking all feeble and tiny and worthless, only to then have the GALL not to lose immediately like a more polite inferior man would? Karl would show him, if he wanted a challenge, he was going to get one.

Kenneth was GOING to piss his pants today, and he was GOING to do it VERY soon, Karl was gonna make DAMNED sure of that.

Kenneth, facing away from Karl, had no idea that his opponent was now so angry with him. He was lost in his own little world, a world filled with waterfalls and flushing toilets and rainstorms. He stomped his feet against the grass, crossed his legs once again and doubled over on himself. Both of his hands were in his mouth now, being bitten raw and red. He wanted to hold himself. He really, really wanted to hold himself. He needed to pee so bad!

‘Ohhh,’ he thought. ‘I need to go, I need to relieve myself… I really, really, really have to…’ He’d tried, repeatedly, to redirect his thoughts elsewhere. He’d tried to focus on his mission ‘Your aim here is to help your friends, remember?’ he told himself. But, after he’d thought the word ‘aim’ he couldn’t stop thinking about how terribly good it would feel to be ‘aiming’ a powerful jet of urine into a toilet right now, and then he was back to his only partially coherent mental rambling about how bad he needed a piss. ‘I need to pee… Please, I can’t do this much longer. I really need to go. I need to go so bad.’

He glanced up for a second, watery eyes landing on Dwight’s face. ‘I am going to explode!’ he tried to tell him. ‘How much longer?!’

Dwight gave Kenneth a sympathetic half-smile. He wished he could go over there and comfort his obviously miserable friend, but he thought better of it. Dwight’s comfort had the magical power to make Kenneth’s bladder empty itself out, after all. It would be just awful if, by holding his friend’s hand, or whispering to him that it was okay, or anything like that, he made Kenneth calm down a little TOO much.

“Is everyone still feeling okay?” Elizabeth asked suddenly.

‘No,’ Kenneth thought. ‘I’m bursting, and Karl still hasn’t pissed, and I still have to walk all the way back… It’s too much…’

‘No,’ Karl thought. ‘I really need to go, and I’m fucking furious, and if Kenneth doesn’t hurry up and piss his pants I might not… I might…’

But even so, both competitors nodded and insisted they were fine.

Karl was well and truly fed up. He was uncomfortable as Hell, Elizabeth was watching him debase himself and behave like a child, and Kenneth still hadn’t had the decency to admit that he was doomed to lose and give up. He had to do something to move things along.

So, he did.

He approached Kenneth, removed one hand from where it was still tugging at his shirt, and pressed the flat of his palm against Kenneth’s middle. Karl froze, even his urgent bouncing ceasing as he felt a boom of shock careen through his chest. Beneath his hand, Kenneth’s skin was pulled taut against a harsh, firm boulder. It felt like he was gripping a ripe melon about to break open.

Kenneth reacted instantly to the new increase in pressure; his bladder felt like it was being crumpled to bits in someone’s fist, and the horrid back pain that Kenneth sometimes got when he was so desperate for a piss that he felt like he was dying immediately appeared. The space on his back beneath his ribs felt like it was being trampled on by a herd of stampeding buffalo. Kenneth moaned loudly, almost yelping as tears came to his eyes. His legs tangled over each other, crossed at the knees and the ankles, all while he wailed “SHIT! OH MY GOD! STOP!!”

“Hey,” Elizabeth snapped. “No! No touching each other.”

Karl dropped his hand away from Kenneth’s body and Kenneth fought to catch his breath. His own hands tore out of his mouth and zoomed straight between his legs, squeezing and gripping and doing everything he could think of to lessen the pain he now felt right in the tip of his cock.

That was… Holy SHIT, that was one of the worst things Kenneth had ever felt in his life. Even though it had lasted just a couple seconds, he was certain that he’d remember that agonizing sensation for the rest of his life. It was sure to haunt his nightmares forever now.

Dwight, again, wanted to run to his friend and hold him, but didn’t want to risk causing him to have an accident. He hated seeing Kenneth in so much pain, and his chest clenched as he watched Kenneth suck in tiny gasps of air while he tried to recover himself.

“No touching each other,” Elizabeth repeated. “Either of you do something like that again, and we’re going to stop, I mean it.” She turned, and her voice softened. “Kenneth, sweetie? Are you okay? If you need to quit after that—“

“I…” Kenneth choked out. “I can keep going. I’m alright, I promise.”

Karl’s heart plummeted when Kenneth insisted that he could continue. He’d been sure that his last action would leave Kenneth standing in a puddle. He remembered the feeling of that round, hard protrusion in Kenneth’s middle. That had… Been his bladder, surely?

What the Hell!? How could he still be holding it when his bladder was so grotesquely full that it was trying to tear itself right through his skin!? Was Kenneth not human, was that it!? Was he a member of some weird alien race made up of short, scrawny humanoids with bottomless bladders?

Was… Did Karl have a bump like that too? He unclasped his own belt, and had to admit that Kenneth had had the right idea with that. It DID make him feel a lot better. He lifted up his shirt and glanced down. Sure enough, his own abdomen was also sporting a bulge, his pants pulled tight around it. Shocked that something like THAT could really be inside of his own body, Karl poked it curiously.

“AH!” Karl gasped sharply. His finger felt like a sword, horribly sharp and painful. He crossed his legs back and forth and twisted and writhed as he rode out the worst spasm of his life. He was worried now. He really was. He’d had to pee badly a whole lot of times, but he didn’t think he’d ever gotten… swollen before. He also was pretty sure this was, by far, the worst need for the bathroom he’d ever experienced. It was even worse than the day he’d pissed himself at the barn, by quite a bunch.

This had to end. He had to make it end.

Elizabeth had said no touching, so squeezing Kenneth until he finally popped like a balloon would not be allowed. He’d have to use his words to make Kenneth explode instead. “Kenneth,” Karl said.

Kenneth still did not turn to face him, and that ticked Karl off too. This whole time, Kenneth had barely looked at him. The disrespect was nauseating.

“Kenneth,” Karl repeated.

“What?” Kenneth squeaked out. Talking was so painful right now… The vibrations of his vocal cords were rocking his bladder fiercely, and he NEEDED to go so bad…

“Don’t you want to pee yet?” Karl asked tauntingly.

What an asinine question, Kenneth thought. Of course he wanted to pee. He wanted to pee more than he’d ever wanted anything. He’d just drank three huge jugs of water in under an hour, if he DIDN’T want to pee after that, then he’d have something seriously wrong with him. The question was so idiotic that Kenneth didn’t even dignify it with an answer.

“Wouldn’t it feel good to let it out now?”

Again, an utterly ridiculous question. Was this Karl’s attempt at teasing him into releasing his piss? Well, that sure as Hell wasn’t going to work on him. If all it took to make him pee was someone asking him if he wanted to, then his life would be a whole Hell of a lot easier. “Wow, I don’t know Karl. Do YOU want to take a piss?”

“No,” Karl said. “Of course not, I’m a lot stronger than you.”

Wow. More horseshit, Kenneth thought.

“And, you remember what happens if you piss, right?” Karl went on. “If you relax for just a second and let all that water come flowing on out of you?” He chewed on his lip, he sure hoped his words were hitting Kenneth where it hurt, because they were sure hitting him. “If you piss, there’s gonna be all Hell to pay.”

***

“If you piss, there’s gonna be all Hell to pay, you little shit!” Father shouted. “You’d better fucking hold it! You hold your water until I say!”

“Please!” Kenneth sobbed, hands between his coiled legs. “I can’t! I need to go!”

“You don’t NEED anything!” Father yelled. “What you ‘need’ is to shut the FUCK up and stop complaining.”

Kenneth tried to stay quiet, he really did. But, his insides all hurt so badly, and he felt some of his pee already coming out! “Father, I— Please? I can’t hold it… Please, let me go? I promise I’ll be good.”

“You’re already not being good!” Father barked. “I told you to shut up, and you didn’t. I told you to move your fucking hands, and you didn’t. You never behave yourself.”

Kenneth tried to move his hands, and he managed to get them out from the spot between his thighs for a second, but then he was peeing a whole bunch and so he had to put them back!

Father glanced down at the tiny puddle Kenneth had just made and scowled. “And NOW you’re pissing even though I told you you’re not allowed to! God, can’t you listen?”

“I can’t help it,” Kenneth said, beginning to cry. “It won’t stay in. I’m trying to be good, but it comes out.”

“Well, MAKE it stay in,” Father said. “Because if I see you piss your pants one more fucking time, I swear…”

“Why can’t I use the toilet, then?” Kenneth asked. Even after so many years of this, he still could not understand. Father got mad when he had accidents, but he only had accidents because Father didn’t let him use the restroom when he really, really had to go. What was his Father expecting to have happen? Why was it so bad for Kenneth to go pee when he was bursting?

When Mother was alive, and whenever he was with her, if he just said the words, “Mother, I need to pass water,” then Mother would take him to a restroom right away and let him use it. No problems, no shouting, no begging, no accidents. When he was REALLY small she’d even praised him and called him a good boy for letting her know what he needed to do before he had an accident, and for using the polite phrase that she’d told him to use.

So, he knew that Mother didn’t think peeing made him bad…

Now, when he was with Dwight, if he shyly told him “I… Uh… I need to relieve myself, okay?” then Dwight would find him somewhere he was comfortable with and help him relax so he could go. And Dwight always told him that it wasn’t a problem and he didn’t mind.

So, Dwight didn’t think it was bad, either.

A few times he’d arrived to the orphanage already bursting to go, and one of the nuns in charge would answer the door for him. He felt weird saying anything to them about needing the bathroom, but he was always so squirmy that they’d know what he needed just by looking at him. And they wouldn’t yell, they wouldn’t say “You disgusting little shit, move your fucking hands and stop jumping around like an idiot.” No. They’d say “Oh, poor dear. Do you need to use the restroom before you play with your friend? Right this way…” And then he’d be able to pee.

So, the nuns also didn’t think it was bad…

Only Father said that going to pee, or NEEDING to pee, meant that Kenneth was filthy and uncontrollable and terrible. But… Why? It confused Kenneth so much that it made him angry and frustrated. “I have to go!” Kenneth snapped at his Father. “If you don’t want me to go on the floor, then you HAVE to let me go in the toilet, it’s going to come out!”

“Don’t… Don’t you fucking talk back to me, you little bastard,” Father said. “Fine. Go piss, but when you get back I’m going to make you regret the day you were born.”

Kenneth scurried off to the restroom. He already regretted being born. He always did. If this was the life he was going to have to live forever, he knew he would have been better off never existing to begin with. He made it to the restroom okay, he got the lid and seat of the toilet up, he got his shorts unbuttoned, but then…

Father hadn’t followed him.

But Kenneth still couldn’t go.

This… Thing. Whatever it was… It was getting worse. And Kenneth was scared.

***

Kenneth shook his head, trying to clear the images from his mind’s eye. ‘That’s not real,’ he reminded himself. ‘It’s over now. Focus on the present. Focus on… On… Oh, my GOD I need to go!’ His thighs were twitching, straining around his clasped hands. He felt like one well placed tap would make him explode.

Karl was still speaking threats to him, still making him think of his Father, still making those strange nightmares-but-not-nightmares try to overtake his field of vision, still making him feel like he was tumbling through time… All of it making it much, much harder for him to withstand the thrashing pressure inside his bladder as his anxious grip on his length grew tighter and tighter.

Karl was JUST like Father. He was EXACTLY like Father. Kenneth hadn’t become Father, Karl had! Except, Karl didn’t even have the excuse of only turning into a demon because he’d had the misfortune of being raised by one. Karl was a demon just because he COULD be a demon! He was—

Karl was so much like Kenneth’s Father, that Kenneth wondered if maybe he actually SHOULD try remembering things about his dad in order to get through this situation.

Father liked to drink, of course. And he drank a lot. And, even if Kenneth did not like alcohol, he still knew that it went straight through a person. He’d actually seen his Father desperate for a piss lots of times growing up, and yes, he’d even seen his Father have accidents.

A lot of those accidents were because Father had REALLY had too much to drink, and then he’d either passed out or been so out of it that he didn’t notice he was pissing until he was drenched. That wouldn’t work on Karl since they were just drinking water, though.

But, there were other things that had made Father pee his pants. Sometimes he’d be stumbling home from a friend’s house and not be able to wait through the whole walk, the sun would be out so he couldn’t go between buildings, and he’d flood his pants. Sometimes, after locking the bathroom door to torment Kenneth, he’d misplace the key and end up having an accident of his own— Kenneth always had to try extra hard not to smile when that happened.

But, the thing that made Father wet himself most often was laughter. And the thing Father found most hilarious was, of course, someone else’s suffering. Kenneth could remember several times where Father had doubled over, yucking it up as Kenneth cried in pain, pleaded for mercy, or begged him for the toilet. And, sometimes, Father would laugh so hard that he’d just GO.

He knew that Karl must have been the same way, because Karl was exactly like his Father.

Kenneth knew what he had to do. He wasn’t going to like it, it was going to be very, VERY embarrassing, and the sound of Karl’s laughter was likely to flood him with painfully hot rage. But, he knew this was the answer. Shy, easily flustered, self-conscious Kenneth would gladly humiliate himself if it helped keep Karl from harming one hair on Dwight’s head.

Because, Kenneth was NOT his Father.

Kenneth stopped fighting back his body’s natural urge to kneel down, he stopped trying to prevent his tears from falling, he allowed himself to twist and squirm and writhe as ridiculously as his bladder wanted him to. And, then he made himself speak.

Speaking was still a very difficult task for Kenneth, every word he choked out made thunderous roars of pressure teem through his bloated bladder. And, the exact words he was forcing himself to say aloud made him feel so embarrassed that he wished aliens would appear and zap him to a distant, far away planet. “Ohhhh,” he moaned, not needing to exaggerate the agonized sound at all— He really WAS in a lot of pain. “I need to peeeeeee…. I need to pee soooo baaaaaaad!”

Karl turned and looked at Kenneth, and a smile tugged at the corners of his lips. Alright, now they were getting somewhere. He’d been really worried for a while, but now it was clear that they were reaching the end. Kenneth was on his knees in the grass, curled up on himself, holding his dick for dear life as tears streamed down his face. Karl DID smile when Kenneth looked up at him with those big, watery eyes, filled with needy urgency. “Aww,” Karl cooed. “Looks like somebody can’t hold it!”

“I caaaaan’t,” Kenneth exclaimed, bouncing up and down where he knelt. “I need to peeeeeeee!”

Dwight watched all this unfold and his eyes widened as his heart pounded wildly. This… This wasn’t what was supposed to happen. It HAD been a long time, and it HAD been a lot of water, but… Kenneth wasn’t supposed to end up… like… that. He hadn’t seen Kenneth this upset in a long time, the pain his friend was in was blatantly obvious. ‘Oh my God…’ he thought. This had been too much. It had been a bad plan. He NEVER should have talked Kenneth into this! Now his friend was HURT very badly and it was all his fault, and Karl WASN’T going to learn his lesson, or back off, or anything.

Dwight had fucked up.

He’d fucked up hard.

“Kenneth—“ Dwight began. “We can—“

Kenneth turned his head a little so he was looking only at Dwight, then very slightly, almost imperceptibly, he shook it.

Dwight ceased his protestations. ‘I’ve got this,’ was what Kenneth had been trying to tell him. ‘Trust me.’

Kenneth looked back up at Karl. “I need to pee soooo bad!” he kept ranting. “I can’t possibly hold it anymore! It’s going to come out! I need to go so much! Please, please just give up now, please?”

A snort erupted from Karl’s nose. How utterly pathetic… “No,” he said. “We had a deal. Not my fault that you can’t handle yourself.”

“Ohhhh,” Kenneth groaned, tipping his head backwards, and pressing his hands even more firmly into his groin. “But, Karl! I— Please, I have NEVER had to go this bad! I’m going to explode! But, I really want you to leave my friends and I alone! Please, just go now so I can win? Have mercy on me!”

More laughter was Karl’s only response. The sight was such a comical one to behold, the man that had masterminded his ultimate humiliation at the barn all those months ago, coming apart at the seams and PLEADING with him to be merciful. Karl didn’t even know the MEANING of the word ‘mercy’.

“Ooooohhhh,” Kenneth grunted. “Please, Karl! I’m— I can’t hold it much longer! It’s practically coming out of me! I need to pee so, so, so bad! Please, please, just… Please? I’m going to explode if you don’t!”

This was too much! Karl’s loud, hysterical shouts of amusement began to make his sides hurt! He doubled over on himself, cackling so much that he could barely breathe. “Pfft! Oh my god!” he exclaimed. “And I thought Bryce was pathetic! You, though— Hahahaha— I don’t even know WHAT to call you!”

“Call me whatever you want!” Kenneth exclaimed, now trying to wedge a heel against his crotch as well. “Just… Just let me pee! I need to! I need to so much! It’s so bad! If I don’t pee soon, I’ll die!”

Karl felt like HE was the one dying! His laughing was leaving him dizzy! He could hardly tell which was up anymore! All he could register now was the sheer comedic entertainment of his present moment, the ache in his sides, the strain it took for him to catch his breath, the hot, moist feeling that was forming around his cock, and—

Karl’s laughter died in his throat, his eyes flicked down to see that his pants were quickly growing saturated, buckets of pee flooding into them. “Ah—!” he gasped, barely able to process what was happening to him. He strained his thighs, trying to stop the flow, but the damage was done, his bladder had burst. There was no way to plug up his leak now.

Kenneth wasn’t whining and moaning anymore, either, and that gave Karl a second horrible realization; It had merely been an act. Kenneth hadn’t truly been begging him for anything; Anything other than his laughter, anyway.

And then there was… Elizabeth. She was there. She was watching… Watching Karl as he lost control and had an accident like a toddler. This was worse than the day at the barn because this time he was doing it in front of someone he actually cared about impressing, AND he’d done it while trying to show off how strong he was, at that!

“Oh,” Elizabeth said. She knew she ought to have had some words of comfort for Karl now. If it was anyone else, she definitely would have had something kind to say. “It’s okay, accidents happen”, “It’s alright, you just really needed to go”, or “Just let it out, don’t hurt yourself anymore.” But, Karl was… Karl. And he’d tormented Bryce so much and for so long that he’d been laying in bed for several days trying to recover. Karl wasn’t injured, nor was he sick, he was just pissing his pants. And Elizabeth couldn’t dredge up even the foggiest drop of sympathy for him, nor did she have any obligation to.

Dwight was relieved when he saw Karl finally burst. He knew now that he was probably going to have to… Pick Kenneth up and run with him as fast as he could back to their barrack. But, hopefully Kenneth would think it was all worth it after Dwight finally set him down in front of their toilet and he was able to let go of everything he’d determinedly held back today. The plan had worked out, Karl was humiliated in front of someone whom he’d never want to have see him this way, and the bet had been won. Karl was going to have to leave them alone.

Kenneth was trying even harder not to look at Karl now than ever before. The sight of those long rivulets of pale yellow urine gushing down the man’s pant-legs, the sound of his geyser hissing and spraying… Kenneth may not have been begging in earnest before, but now it took a concentrated effort for him not to legitimately cry out “HURRY UP! I CAN’T TAKE IT ANYMORE!” at him.

Once Karl had finally stopped gushing, Elizabeth spoke. “Well… Kenneth, you win. Karl, go clean up.”

And that was that. She started to walk back in the direction she’d come from.

Karl watched her go, then whipped his head back around to face Kenneth. “Piss,” he growled under his breath. “Now.”

Kenneth shakily got to his feet, but was unable to pull himself into a fully upright stance. His hands stayed glued around his dick. “I’m not going to wet myself for you,” he said with as much authority as he could muster. “And, you’d better honor our agreement from the bet,” he added. “You’d best not pick on me, my friends, or anyone else here again. Because…” he bit back a wincing, pained noise that would have surely made his threat sound a lot less fierce. “I hope now you’ve learned what happens when someone messes with me or someone I care about. Don’t think I won’t set you up again, I’ll do it as many times as it takes.”

“What makes you think I’ll ever trust you again?”

“I don’t,” Kenneth said, his feet stomping hard into the grass as he rushed the last words out. “But, you don’t know who I know, you don’t know who I can get to do the dirty work FOR me. Either stop your shit, or you’ll never know who’s going to embarrass you next.”

Karl struggled for a second, but didn’t seem to have anything to say to that, as he simply turned around and began the long, damp trudge back from the field.

Dwight watched him go, then stepped closer to Kenneth and whispered to him. “Um… Kenneth, you don’t HAVE any… People working for you to ‘do the dirty work’…”

“Yes, but he doesn’t know that,” Kenneth said.

“Oh,” Dwight said. “Clever… So—“

Before Dwight could say anything else, Kenneth was leaning into him, his body almost vibrating from how fast he was jiggling. “Oh, sweet merciful Christ, Dwight! I need to GO!”

Dwight tried not to smile, “I— I know, Kenneth,” he said. “Let’s… You want me to carry you back or something?”

Kenneth shook his head, if… If he ended up… Not being able to make it… “I— I can’t hold it,” he said. “I’m seriously—“ He curled one ankle around the other. “You don’t even— Seriously, Dwight. I am BURSTING right now.”

“I know,” Dwight said once more. “Why did you pick THIS of all places?”

“B—Because I knew I wouldn’t be able to give up here even if I REALLY wanted to,” Kenneth winced out. “Ahhh— But it lasted a lot longer than I thought it would, and— Dear GOD! I need the restroom so bad!” He felt so much more comfortable around Dwight than he did around others that he didn’t shy away too much from vocalizing his agony. “Seriously, I feel like I’ve got about ten minutes before I just… Explode.”

Dwight glanced around. He understood what Kenneth meant about ‘not being able to give up’ here, but now that he was in such a bad state, he couldn’t think of a worse place for Kenneth to be stuck. “Okay,” he said. “It’s… Just us, I know you’ve never been able to go out here, but—“

“I— I did once,” Kenneth said.

“Huh?” Dwight asked. “I don’t remember that.”

“You weren’t there.”

“HUH?” Dwight repeated, even more confused. No way had Kenneth managed to take a piss here all by himself…

“Bryce helped me,” Kenneth explained.

“Oh… Um, good for him,” Dwight said. “So… See, you’ve done it out here before, so I bet we can get you to do it again if we try.”

Kenneth was so desperate to get all this water out of his body that he agreed to try. He spun around, and groaned as he unzipped. Never before had the mere sound of a zipper being moved been so beautiful… His bladder recognized the noise, knew it meant he was getting ready to go… He pulled out his cock and aimed between his feet. If this worked, that grass was going to get the watering of its life.

It didn’t work right away, of course. No matter how much Kenneth wished he could start spraying the second he was aimed, he knew better than to think he’d actually be able to.

Dwight stood behind him and held him. Kenneth was so tense in his arms. He started to rub his shoulders. “Shhh… Shhh… Shhh…” he hushed, hoping that the noise may have sounded enough like a leaking faucet to tempt Kenneth’s bladder into releasing.

No such luck.

“You’re okay…” Dwight whispered to him, just like always. “It’s only us, I’ve got you… Time to let it out…”

“Nnnh…” Kenneth grunted as he tried his best, pushing hard on his muscles. “I have to go so bad…”

“I know,” Dwight soothed. “And that’s okay. It’s all over now, no more holding it…” He’d never kissed Kenneth while they were doing this before, but he did it now, his lips lightly touching the back of Kenneth’s head. “You did a good job today, darling… Karl shouldn’t bother anyone anymore. You did such a good job, now it’s time for your reward…”

“Hnnng,” Kenneth whined, shutting his eyes, trying to remove the vacant, flat field from his vision. He tried to pretend they were inside somewhere, with a locked door. “It hurts…”

“Shhh…” Dwight whispered once more. “Settle down, it’s just us. Just us… Let it all go.”

A few drips sprang forth from Kenneth’s cock and he gasped out the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.

“That’s good, keep doing that,” Dwight encouraged.

The drops kept pouring, giving way to a slow, dismal trickle, like water from a broken shower head. Kenneth was already starting to pant from relief, “Haaah—Haaahhhh—“

“There you go…” Dwight said. “Keep peeing. Poor thing, you’re bursting…”

“Need… To… So bad…” Kenneth agreed in a daze, his stream picking up speed until he was starting to gush a little more like how Karl had. And… Wow, did that ever feel good. He wasn’t panting anymore, but moaning “Ahhhhhh….” his eyelids fluttered and he went so weak at the knees that Dwight had to grip him beneath his armpits to help stay up.

“All better…” Dwight said, giving him another kiss. “That’s so much better, isn’t it?”

Kenneth could only give another low groan in response. ‘Better’ didn’t do this feeling justice. Neither did ‘relief’. This was something well beyond that, and he wanted it to last forever. “Ohhhh….” His pee kept spraying, the pleasurable sensation increasing all the while, until he was a shuddering, shaking mess of total bliss. It took almost two full minutes for his stream to finally wind down and cease and he nuzzled against the warm body behind him. “Ahhh…” he sighed again. “Thank you… I needed that,” he said as he zipped himself up.

“Heh, I could tell…” Dwight said. “Sorry the contest took so long, you didn’t hurt yourself, did you?”

“I don’t think so, I feel really good now,” Kenneth said. “You made me feel so good…”

Dwight blushed, Kenneth’s gratitude to him every time he did this always made him feel so warm inside. The way he gave Dwight ALL of the credit for his relief and relaxation was so… It was sweet. “Any time, Kenneth…”

Kenneth turned himself around, so they were now nose to nose. “You were right, that contest WAS a good idea,” he said softly. “You come up with good plans, you know?”

Dwight’s blush deepened. He was so close… “You’re… You’re normally the one that thinks of everything, like making Karl laugh until he lost it? I never would have come up with that.”

Kenneth didn’t want to explain how he’d thought of that, he felt too good, too soft and tender right now to mention that his Father had ever existed. “It worked, didn’t it?”

“It sure did…”

“I—

“Kenneth—“

“Today was—“

Dwight pressed his lips against Kenneth’s, and Kenneth grew instantly stiff in his arms, then slowly went slack again.

‘We shouldn’t be doing this!’ Kenneth’s brain screamed. ‘We’re outside! Someone could see! Anyone could see! Ohh… But, his lips are SO warm, and he’s so cute, and… God, I love him so much! I want to stay like this forever… Never stop, never—‘

“Oh!”

Kenneth jumped again as he heard a voice, he instantly pulled away from Dwight, eyes going wide with fear as he saw Elizabeth approaching.

Dwight turned around and saw her as well, his shoulders drawing upwards and his hands flying out in front of himself, as if to defend against a projectile. “Elizabeth—“ he said. “Kenneth and I were just—“

“Look,” Kenneth interrupted. “Whatever you think you saw, you don’t have to TELL anybody, alright?”

“I was… I was just coming to get the empty jugs,” Elizabeth said slowly.

“Thengetthem!” Kenneth ordered, speaking so fast his words came out garbled. “And— And, Dwight and I, we were— We’re not—“

Elizabeth blushed and looked away, “I KNEW it,” she said, a funny quality to her voice.

“Wha—What?” Kenneth asked. “What did you know?”

“Kenneth, sweetie, I have NEVER seen two people so in love with each other before,” Elizabeth said. “I can count the number of times I’ve seen the two of you apart from one another on one hand. You’re always finishing each other’s sentences. You can communicate without words…”

Kenneth’s heartbeat started to slow. She knew. She had… sort of KNOWN for a while. And she didn’t sound angry, or disgusted, or like she was going to tell anybody else. “Wait, you’re not mad?”

“No,” Elizabeth said. “It’s really sweet, actually.”

“But we’re…” Dwight said. “We’re not… We aren’t supposed to.”

Elizabeth nodded. She knew such relationships were not exactly… tolerated by many people, but that didn’t mean she had to think any one way about it. Kenneth and Dwight were adorable with one another, and obviously very happy. There was no reason to be bothered by it. “I won’t tell anybody else,” she promised, and they both looked relieved. “But, maybe don’t kiss outside in the middle of a field like that? If someone else had found you and that person DID have a problem with it…”

Kenneth nodded, “We… Got carried away,” he admitted. He imagined what would have happened if Karl had come back and seen the two of them in that position. That would have been an unsalvageable disaster.

“Good,” Elizabeth said. “You boys are… Ridiculously cute together, I don’t want anyone to ever hurt you for that.”

*073*2022-03-03 16:38

Kenneth was not having the best day. He’d been made to test out a new exercise drill with Bryce, one that they both agreed was absolutely asinine and idiotic, but which they still had to do anyway. It began with Bryce tying Kenneth’s hands together behind his back, then Kenneth was to walk back and forth a few laps while balancing a plank of wood atop his head.

Apparently, this was supposed to strengthen his agility and coordination, but all it did was make Kenneth feel like an idiot. He told Bryce as much, and he’d predictably responded “Well, I hope you feel like an idiot, that’s what you are.”

Kenneth doubted Bryce would think it was so funny if HE were the one being made to do this stupid thing… Kenneth honestly didn’t think it was all that safe, what if he tripped over something? He wouldn’t be able to use his hands to keep from slamming his face right into the dirt… He could knock his teeth right out.

He didn’t end up falling, thankfully. But, the worst was still yet to come. Bryce had tied Kenneth’s hands together using a very thick (and annoyingly scratchy) bit of rope. And he’d used an overly complicated knot to do it, one which he now discovered he didn’t actually know how to UN-tie. “Oh, come on, when I had my hands tied up this way, they got it to come right back out!”

This confused Kenneth greatly. Bryce had not done the drill yet, so why would his hands have ever been restrained behind his back like this? “Bryce…?” Kenneth asked, trying to wriggle his hands out of the knot. “Um… When did THAT happen?”

Bryce began to cough and cleared his throat, “O—Oh, did I say that out loud?” he asked. “Well… I was… Um… Testing it earlier with someone. So that I’d know how to do it for you, that’s it.”

Kenneth still wasn’t convinced, since he didn’t know when Bryce would have had the time for that. But, he decided he must have missed something. He couldn’t think of any other reason Bryce may have ever been restrained with ropes. Bryce had never been captured by anyone, after all…

“So!” Bryce said quickly, trying to fight away the blush he was certain must have been coating his face. “Um… I… I wanted to thank you again for… For what you did with Karl. He has not said one word to me since, he just stays in his office and does his job like he’s supposed to.”

Kenneth nodded, but jerked his arms around. It certainly made him feel good to hear Bryce praise him, but the rope around his wrists was painfully tight. “Bryce,” he whined. “I need my hands for stuff, remember?”

“I know, I know,” Bryce said. “Just… Just wait here, I’ll go get something to cut through it for you.”

And so, Kenneth did wait. He waited for a very, very long time. But, Bryce did not come back. He wondered if Bryce had just ditched him deliberately, thinking it would be funny to leave him standing out in the field without the use of his hands. But, Bryce had no reason to pull such a mean joke on him right now, did he? Kenneth had just fixed his bully problem, it would be a real dick move to torment him after that!

So, Kenneth really didn’t think Bryce had abandoned him. Which meant something must have HAPPENED to delay him. Deep in the most shadowy, most hidden parts of Kenneth’s brain, he hoped it wasn’t anything bad. He would not go so far as to say he was worried about Bryce, just… Moderately concerned. That was all.

Kenneth began to walk away from the field on his own. Maybe he’d bump into Bryce on his way back and he could get these stupid binds off his wrists. He hoped so. His finger tips were starting to turn numb.

He did not run into Bryce at any point.

He tried to think of where he might be at this time of day, but when he checked all of the usual places Bryce tended to go in the afternoons, he couldn’t find him. When he looked in an area that Bryce sometimes supervised, Bryce was not there, but the guards that WERE looked at his bound hands and laughed at him.

Fury coursed through his veins and he very nearly shouted at them to shut up, but thought better of it. Kenneth starting a fight when he knew he was so much smaller than his opponents and far outnumbered was already stupid. Kenneth starting a fight when he didn’t even have access to his hands would be the dumbest thing he could possibly do. So, he simply asked them if any of them had something to cut through the rope, and when they said no, he stomped off.

After another half hour of searching, Kenneth gave up. He chose to return to his room in the barrack. If Bryce got mad because Kenneth skipped the second half of the day instead of working as he was supposed to, then he’d only have himself to blame. Kenneth couldn’t be expected to do his job with no hands, and if Bryce was apparently too damned lazy to come untie them, then that wasn’t HIS fault.

He managed to get back to his room easy enough, anyway. He had to face away from the door and sort of blindly fumble the knob with his fingertips. It took a few tries to get it to go in the right direction, but soon enough he was in.

Now granted an unexpected afternoon off, Kenneth tried to think of what to do. This proved more challenging. He’d never really thought about how many things he needed his hands for. He couldn’t read a book, because he couldn’t hold it up in front of himself or turn the pages. He couldn’t listen to the radio, because while he was able to turn it on, he was incapable of working the dial well enough to tune it properly, so all he got was static. He couldn’t just talk to Dwight because Dwight was still working.

Before long, his mind had returned to trying to think of a way to get his hands back in working order. He did have a pocket knife, that was something sharp. Maybe sharp enough to cut through the rope. But, he couldn’t even reach his pocket to retrieve it, much less manipulate the implement well enough to actually use it. ‘Wait... That thing’s been… In my pocket this whole time…’ he thought, and he felt like the biggest idiot in the universe; He should have told Bryce that he had it earlier. If he’d done that, he wouldn’t even be in this mess.

He tried for some time to just tear the rope. He strained his hands against the binds, but he didn’t feel them beginning to give at all. If anything, the rope was just constricting around his wrists even tighter. He could feel cuts beginning to form in his skin as the harsh, rough material dug into him. When he swore he felt blood trickling down his wrists, he gave up.

So, eventually, he realized that he was going to have to wait for Dwight to get back. Dwight could reach the pocket knife for him, and he could slice through the rope with it. That was going to be many long, boring hours though.

Kenneth decided he ought to try taking a nap, in the hopes it would move time along a little faster. He would need to swallow one of his sleeping pills, though… And, after three failed tries, he realized he was not able to get the bottle open using just his fingertips. Especially when he was being forced to put it behind his back and couldn’t even see what he was doing. He doubted he’d be able to get a canteen open, either. So he wouldn’t have any water to wash it down with, anyway.

He chose to just lay in his bed anyway and close his eyes. He probably wouldn’t be able to sleep without his pill, but he could at least rest and let his mind wander for a while. It was easy enough to kick his boots off— he didn’t want to wear them in his bed— and he climbed in. He shut his eyes and daydreamed to himself about all the mean things he was going to call Bryce after this. Unless he actually had a good reason for disappearing.

Kenneth hoped he didn’t. He hoped Bryce was unharmed and safe. But only because that meant he’d be able to yell at him for this, of course. No other reasons. It wasn’t as though he cared one iota for Bryce’s wellbeing, or anything like that.

Kenneth was right to assume he wouldn’t be capable of falling asleep without the use of his medication, but it still felt good to lay in bed like this. He was always running around so much, it was nice to just relax for a while and not do anything.

When he sat back up for a moment, a pulsing throb in his middle made itself known. He groaned. He was so comfortable! He didn’t want to have to get up… But, he knew his comfort wouldn’t last much longer if he didn’t. He’d had a lot of water that morning since he hadn’t known how intense the new fitness drill was going to be, and the reminder he now felt of all those big gulps of liquid he’d swallowed down was very insistent.

Getting out of bed wasn’t hard, though he hadn’t realized until then just how much his arms helped him out with keeping his body balanced. He walked swiftly to the restroom. Now, here was certainly a nice thing about spending the afternoon inside like this. He had free access to his private toilet, so he could pee as much as he wanted to, whenever he wanted to.

Standing up, feeling the effect the change in gravity had upon his bladder, made Kenneth realize he ‘wanted’ to pee quite a bit more than he’d initially thought, and he picked up his pace as he made it the last few steps through the doorway of the restroom. He hurried up to the toilet, and…

And then he felt like the biggest idiot that had ever walked the Earth.

God, he was stupid! He’d been thinking about his bound hands nonstop. He’d been thinking about his bound hands WHILE he’d been walking to the toilet. But still, he’d just headed right in here as if there was absolutely nothing that was preventing him from taking a leak right now.

His hands were, of course, very important tools when it came time to urinate. Without his hands, he could not get his belt apart. He could not undo his buttons. He could not pull his zipper down. He could not free his dick from his pants. He could not aim his stream.

Without his hands, Kenneth simply could not pee.

Blood rushed into his ears and he could almost hear his pulse racing. His bladder had begun to cramp at the sight of the toilet; This was his SAFE toilet, after all. This was the spot where he could always, always, ALWAYS relieve himself. The visual stimuli of that toilet and its surroundings was making Kenneth’s bladder lurch and spasm. It did not know that Kenneth’s hands were restrained. It thought that it was going to be emptied any second now.

Crossing his legs for a moment, Kenneth turned and quickly left the restroom, trying his best to ignore the confused pang from within his core as he did so. This was not good. He looked at the clock above his bed. There were hours to go until Dwight would be dismissed today. And then, what if he didn’t come straight here afterwards? How long would Kenneth have to wait before he could go?!

He had to stop thinking like that. It wasn’t as though he was a stranger to finding himself needing a piss with no way to actually have one. He’d always endured it, however long he’d needed to. The only difference now was that he was in his room and could easily walk to his safe toilet. He just had to forget it was there. He could… He could just pretend it was busted right now. That toilet didn’t exist anymore. He couldn’t use it, so it wasn’t even there, so he had to hold it.

And, he knew he could hold it. He knew he could. He realized now that it was a good thing he couldn’t get the canteens open, he didn’t need to put any more water into his body right now. He just needed to focus on something else and stop thinking about his bladder.

But, it was SO hard to think of something other than his bladder when he had NOTHING to do but lay in bed and be alone with his thoughts! He tried reciting facts about flamingos to himself, but then he started thinking about how nice it would be if he had super long, really twisty legs like flamingos did. THEN he could probably use his feet to get his clothes apart.

Oh, there was an idea!

Feet were… Kind of like hands in a way, weren’t they? They may not have been able to contort in EXACTLY the same ways, but they could curl and they had digits… He knew that monkeys could do all sorts of things with their feet. They could pick stuff up and carry things around with their toes. Humans and monkeys weren’t all THAT different, either.

Kenneth felt like he had a plan now. He’d somehow get his belt, buttons and zipper apart with just his feet, then he’d kind of… shimmy his pants down his legs a little bit and… He supposed he’d just sit down to go since he wouldn’t be able to aim and he didn’t want to make a mess. He’d gotten a little better at being able to do that after his foot injury. He still didn’t like it, it still wasn’t the most comfortable thing for him, but now if he sat there long enough and took deep breaths, his pee would usually come out eventually.

He wasn’t sure how he was going to get his pants back UP after all of that, but he could figure that out once he had a nice, empty bladder and, by extension, a much clearer head.

He sat up further on his bed and drew his feet in towards himself. As he jerked a leg up and turned it rather painfully inwards, he accidentally rolled over onto his back…

Probably safer to do this on the floor, it wouldn’t be good if he fell out of the bed and cracked his skull open or something.

Laying down on the floor, Kenneth tried again. He bent his leg around in ways he hadn’t even known it could move, and the muscles inside them ached as they were made to stretch out and go rigid in places they never had before. He was able to get his foot to make contact with his belt, but then he made the breakthrough scientific discovery that a toe was not a thumb. He twitched and curled his toes, trying to grip the buckle of his belt. His leg hurt from the weird, unnatural position he’d forced it to warp itself into.

The worst part of all of this was his bladder, though. He was so coiled in on himself, his abdomen being crushed by his deformed pretzeling, the pressure all of this contorting and scrunching was putting onto his bladder was like something from another world. A dark, twisted world built on nothing but suffering. He made himself keep trying, telling himself it would be worth it when he finally got his stupid clothes out of the way and could throw himself onto the toilet seat to let it all go.

“This is a good idea,” Kenneth muttered as he continued rolling around on the ground, squeezing his toes against the material of his belt. “It’s gonna work…” It was not a good idea, though. And he finally admitted that to himself when his leg suddenly jerked without his permission and his foot pressed firm into his abdomen.

An intense spasming wave of pure need rocked the walls of his swelling bladder and he flailed his foot away, laying sprawled out on the floor now. He blinked up at the ceiling, taking in choppy, shallow breaths as he tried to regain control of himself. His thighs tensed and his hips wriggled. Pee was starting to press firmly against his sphincter, a bright hot swell of pain flaring through him.

He’d… Just… He’d just kicked himself in the bladder. He’d literally freaking kicked himself in the freaking bladder. He kept staring at the ceiling, quite honestly just completely stunned that he’d actually managed to do that to himself.

Okay. So that had been a stupid idea. Kenneth sure seemed to be full of those today. He wasn’t as full of dumb ideas as he was of pee, however. A fact that was rapidly becoming a big problem. He sat back up, and the searing ball of piss in his middle sloshed. When he got to his feet, the boiling liquid he was brimming with all surged rapidly downwards. Instinctively, his hands jerked against their restraints. But, of course, Kenneth could not hold himself right now. All he could do was strain his thighs and cross his legs, which was what he did. It wasn’t helping, though.

He got back into his bed, miserably bouncing as he sat down. He hated that he could see the door to the restroom no matter where he was in this room. It was wide open, mocking him. ‘See, look! Here’s the toilet you can ALWAYS use. Except not now! Haha!’ He squeezed his eyes shut and looked at the wall opposite his bed instead. The wall wasn’t teasing him, the wall was just a wall…

Dwight peed on walls sometimes. Just outdoor walls, of course. And only when he had to go super badly and couldn’t hold it anymore. If Kenneth was with him when he did that, then Kenneth would keep watch for him. Sometimes, when Dwight peed on walls, the hissing sound was really, really loud. Of course it was, Dwight had been very desperate. Pee streams were always noisy when the people releasing them had been bursting.

Kenneth sure was bursting right now. His pee stream was going to be extra loud whenever he was finally going to let it out. That was going to feel good. That was going to feel so, so good. His pee was going to hiss and splatter and just pour and pour and pour forever. And this horrible ball of tension would shrink and fade away into nothingness, and the awful pinching that kept happening around his pee-hole would stop, and it would all feel so good, and—

Hsssssss….

“Nnnnh!” Kenneth gave a loud, pained wince as he felt himself starting to trickle. His thighs tightened up more. He bounced and bounced. But, he just NEEDED to go so badly, and he was in his ROOM and no one was HERE so nothing was in place to make his bladder clamp up… His usual stage-fright was not a factor. So, just like anyone else whom was holding back a bladder that was way fuller than could be managed, he was starting to have an accident.

God… He wanted to hold himself! He NEEDED to hold himself. Even now, his hands were straining and flailing against the rope, trying their absolute best to reach his cock and give it a nice, firm squeeze. But, his hands were trapped and he couldn’t break them free!

He shifted around like mad, and eventually coiled himself up in such a way that a foot was pressed into his crotch. And, while his foot may not have been capable of freeing him from his pants, it made a perfectly serviceable plug. His leaking began to slow, he leaned forward a bit so that the pressure of his foot increased, and then he’d finally managed to cut off his flow.

He was sure there was a wet spot on him after that. He’d been leaking for at least fifteen seconds, non-stop. He didn’t dare move his foot to check, however. His foot was the only barrier he had now between his continued desperation and total humiliation.

Alone to endure his misery, Kenneth’s typical filter of intense self-consciousness was gone. No one was around to watch as he writhed and desperately bucked against his own foot. No one was around to hear him if he happened to say something embarrassing. And that was a good thing, because Kenneth was definitely saying a lot of things that were embarrassing. He’d begun to chant, to mutter to himself. “Ohhhh, I need to gooooo!” He moaned. “I feel like I’m going to explode! There’s so much… It’s too much… I can’t fit it all in! I need to goooo!”

His hands were still twitching around behind his back. He was freaking out so badly, inside and out. He wanted to calm himself down, to soothe himself. He wanted to chew on his hands. He NEEDED to chew on his hands. He needed to gnaw them raw! Not even having the ability to do THAT was driving him mad. “I have to take a freaking piss! I have to take a freaking piss SO freaking badly!”

His heart thundered in his ribcage, his bladder throbbed and pulsed through his entire body. He felt like his sides must have been splitting, must have been tearing apart like an overfull paper bag. He needed to go, he needed to go, he just… Dear God, Kenneth needed to GO!

He ducked his head down, caught part of his shirt collar in his teeth. He started to chew on that instead, since his hands still weren’t an option. It quickly grew wet and saturated with saliva, and he didn’t care. He was so full of tension and need that he just had to have SOME way to ease a little of it away.

He just kept sitting in his bed, just kept bouncing, just kept chewing, just kept pressing into his foot, just kept holding… God, he just HAD to keep holding. Hold it, hold it, hold it… Don’t pee, don’t pee, don’t pee… Keep it in, keep it in, keep it in…

Kenneth was terrified that Dwight was going to come in here, find him laying in a soaked bed with his hands restrained. How pathetic would that be? How utterly pathetic? He just couldn’t let that happen. He couldn’t… Hold it, hold it, hold it… Please, just hold it…

He wasn’t sure how much time actually passed, so trapped in the fiery Hell of his absolutely horrendous need for a piss, but eventually Kenneth heard the most wonderful sound; The door opening.

Dwight was finally here.

Kenneth was saved.

Dwight did not notice at first how distressed his friend was, “Where were you today? I looked—“

“Dwight, I have to piss!” Kenneth interrupted. “NOW!”

Dwight stared at him, realizing how absolutely knotted Kenneth’s shaking body was. He then looked to the restroom. The door was open, it wasn’t stuck… The toilet appeared to be working… “So—“

“My hands are tied behind my back!” Kenneth said, tensing his arms up and jiggling so quickly that Dwight worried he was about to make himself fall out of the bed. “I can’t… Oh, God, Dwight! I can’t freaking hold it much longer!”

“Oh,” Dwight said. He wondered WHY Kenneth’s hands were tied down, but assumed that Kenneth wasn’t exactly in the mood for a conversation right now. “Well, I’ll… I’ll get them untied for y—“

“No time!” Kenneth blurted out. “I need to GO first!”

“But—“

“Just— I need you to— Just HELP,” Kenneth ordered. “YOU have hands, remember!”

Dwight started to blush. “Oh…” he said.

“Yes!” Kenneth gently and carefully got to his feet. Leaks began to come as soon as he’d done so, but thank goodness they were nothing like that huge one he’d had earlier. He hobbled towards the restroom. “HURRY!”

Dwight had noticed the damp spot on Kenneth’s clothes and knew that he definitely NEEDED to hurry, but… “Um, Kenneth… Er… I’ll help you with your clothes, but uh… You know I’m going to have to touch your… You know. Is that okay?”

Kenneth fought not to roll his eyes. He didn’t freaking CARE if Dwight had to touch his cock to get it out of his pants. He didn’t freaking CARE that Dwight was probably going to have to aim for him too! He just NEEDED to get this piss the Hell out of his bladder right the fuck NOW. “It’s FINE, Dwight,” Kenneth said. “It's just you. You’ve seen and touched it all before, now HURRY.”

‘Wow…’ Dwight thought. ‘He’s not even stuttering or blushing… How bad DOES he have to go right now?’ He followed Kenneth into the restroom. “Alright, if you’re okay with it…”

“I am VERY okay with it,” Kenneth said. He was facing away from the toilet, and his eyes were shut for good measure. If his bladder caught on that it was in his bathroom right now, it was going to explode. “Just, for the love of God, hurry up!”

Dwight crouched down in front of Kenneth, “Okay,” he said. “Hang on…” he unbuckled Kenneth’s belt, and the instant he’d done so, Kenneth was moaning. That sound, mixed with the fact that he was now in the process of disrobing Kenneth, ignited a fire in Dwight’s belly. ‘Maybe… Maybe after he’s… Done, we can do something tonight…’ he thought hopefully.

Kenneth felt so much better once his stupid belt was no longer squeezing into his bladder that he couldn’t HELP but moan. But, within a second, the thrashing, all-consuming, PAINFUL need to urinate was back. He felt like a thumbtack was being inserted into his urethra, it stung SO bad! He started to bounce up and down on his feet.

Dwight wanted to tell him to hold still, but he knew that would probably be like asking him to solve the world’s most challenging Calculus equation right now; He just wouldn’t be able to do it. Dwight quickly undid Kenneth’s buttons, and then gripped his zipper and pulled it down.

“Oh… Oh thank God, thank you, thank you, thank you,” Kenneth was already murmuring as soon as he’d heard his zipper releasing.

‘Jeez, he’s babbling…’ Dwight thought. ‘Poor thing’s gotta be in agony…’ He hesitated for a moment.

“Dwight, please!?” Kenneth groaned when he didn’t feel Dwight immediately grasp hold of his cock and finally free it from the confines of his boxers. “I really CAN’T wait!”

Dwight reached and gripped Kenneth’s member, he saw a thick, clear drop of liquid beading on its opening, and watched as it plinked to the ground. A second drop quickly took its place. Kenneth was so, so full…

As fast as he could, Dwight stood up and spun Kenneth around so he was facing the toilet, then he took hold of his friend’s leaking penis again and aimed it. “Okay, Kenneth,” he said. “I know this probably feels really weird, but you’re okay, you’re—“

PSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!

A tidal wave of liquid relief erupted from Kenneth’s cock before Dwight could even really begin his typical ‘calm down’ routine. The speed at which Kenneth began urinating surprised Dwight so much that he was accidentally making his friend go on the rim of the bowl. He adjusted this quickly, the spray now striking the water in the toilet instead. He knew Kenneth preferred to always aim his stream away from the water to make less noise, so he adjusted it again…

Kenneth, meanwhile, was moaning and letting out a barely coherent mess of words. “Ahhhh…. Ohhhhh, thank you… Thankyouthankyouthankyou… Thank you sosososososo much… That’s so much better, thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou…”

Holding Kenneth’s dick, manipulating it while Kenneth made such intense noises and PRAISED him… Dwight’s pants were getting uncomfortably tight. He didn’t feel as guilty about it this time. He knew now how attracted Kenneth was to him, and that there was little chance that the feeling of his erection pressing into him right now was bothering him in any way. Dwight didn’t even think that he SHOULD feel guilty anymore. He was making Kenneth feel absolutely AMAZING right now, it only made sense that it made HIM feel really good, too.

“Poor thing…” Dwight said as Kenneth’s deluge somehow managed to increase in intensity. “You needed this one BAD.”

“Had to… Had to go so much, Dwight…” Kenneth groaned breathily. He started to go weak in the knees, started to shiver. “Thankyouthankyouthankyou…”

Dwight used the hand not on Kenneth’s dick to help his friend remain upright as he kept gasping and groaning.

Kenneth felt Dwight propping him up, and he let his eyes drift closed again. He didn’t have to do ANYTHING at all right now. Dwight was keeping him standing up. Dwight was aiming his stream. All Kenneth had to do was just… Enjoy this, enjoy how immensely powerful this beautiful, wondrous relief was…

His release began to slow to a trickle, then paused.

“All finished?” Dwight asked, kind of doubting that Kenneth was. It had only been about one minute, he knew now that when Kenneth was at his limit a single minute was not enough time to get it all out.

“No,” Kenneth said. He still could still feel a lot more in there. He pushed down and his flow resumed. “Haaaahhhhhhh….” This second stream came out much slower than the first had, and once it had stopped, Kenneth felt completely drained. “Phew… Okay, NOW it’s done.”

Dwight knew that now he had to… Well, he had to shake Kenneth off. “Um… Do you want me to… You know…”

“You can do that,” Kenneth said. “I still don’t have my hands for it, remember?”

Dwight gave Kenneth’s cock a few shakes, trying to remove the last stray drops of urine. Dwight, admittedly, shook Kenneth’s member quite a bit more than he really NEEDED to… He couldn’t help it. He liked the feel of it in his hand too much.

“Ah—“ Kenneth gasped out as Dwight brushed the head of his cock a little with his thumb. He was… He was so freaking SENSITIVE right now. His desperation had left him feeling sort of raw, every sensation was more intense than it would have been otherwise, and— God, he was getting stiff… “G—Get the knife from my pocket,” Kenneth said. “Cut through the rope. Then… Um… Then…”

“Do you want to show me something special that you can do when you’re able to use your hands?”

“Y—Yes,” Kenneth said. “I would… I would really, really like to do that.”

