Abigail & Olivia - Driving Them Crazy

Author: Stoke365

*000*2025-09-21 02:17

Driving Them Crazy

Characters - Abigail 20 & Olivia 20

Today, our girls Abigail and Olivia wind up in a situation that drives them to desperate proportions…

STARTING ABIGAIL BLADDER CAPACITY - 67%

STARTING OLIVIA BLADDER CAPACITY - 62%

Abigail and Olivia settled down into a nice coffee shop. They’d just spent the last few hours roaming around various shops having a great day out enjoying each others company. Abigail strolled up to the counter and order them both a cappuccino. She came back and placed the cups down, and took her seat.

”Well Liv, that’s been a grand day out hasn’t it? Haven’t had a day out like this in a while, thanks for coming along” Abigail smiled as she spoke.

”Abi anytime! Days like this out are lovely, look at how much is in these bags! It’s brilliant. I really need to get out more” she giggled before taking a sip of her coffee.

The girls sat reminiscing about their day. Savouring a well deserved coffee boost, it went down a charm, the delicious caffeinated liquid flowing through them. They both glanced at the time and considered making a move.

”Uhm Olivia, do you mind if I go to the ladies room before we leave. Don’t think I’ve had chance really, was too excited I never wanted to take a break” Abigail mentioned nervously feeling the need to go. They’d been shopping for hours with drinks along the way, and Abigail was known for her small bladder.

”Funny you should say. I was thinking the same thing” She gently pushed a finger onto her bladder, which was slightly protruding from her light grey legging shorts she had on. “Can feel it’s quite firm”

”Same here!” Abigail felt her bladder with her hand and its toughness, also protruding slightly through her jeans.

They both stood up, and walked to the other end of the coffee shop to the women’s restroom. Abigail approached first and pushed the door open. The pair of them stood in horror. They stared down onto a single toilet bathroom, with the filthiest seat they had ever seen.

”Right. I am NOT sitting down on that, I don’t care how much toilet roll I place down” Olivia exclaimed, slightly too loud that others glanced across.

Abigail hesitated for a moment before agreeing “Uhm yeh, no you’re right, that is disgusting. Though I do need a wee”

”Don’t worry Abi, it’s only a 15 minutes drive to mine, we’ll be home in no time let’s get going” Olivia grabbed Abigail’s arm and led them away from that filth, and headed for her car. Abigail followed, knowing the sooner they got to Olivia’s car, the sooner they’d be heading towards a clean bathroom. “Yeah let’s get going” Abigail confidently replied.

ABIGAIL BLADDER CAPACITY - 76%

OLIVIA BLADDER CAPACITY - 68%

The 2 blonde ladies arrived at Olivia’s car and loaded their haul for the day. Once the bags were safely stowed away, they climbed into the vehicle, and set their sights for Olivia’s house. “There we go Abigail, we’ll be home in 20 says the satnav. Do you think you can hold it?” Olivia said in a mocking voice. “Yes yes of course, im not a child. And don’t act like you don’t need a wee either!” Abigail retaliated back. “Okay okay don’t snap! I just don’t want a Mrs wet jeans in my car that’s all” Olivia joked.

”yeah cause you already had that on a plane the other week” Abigail muttered under her breath

”What was that Abi?”, Olivia questioned. “Nothing” Replied Abigail sharply.

The car pulled out onto the road, and they set off down the motorway. Both content in making it back in time for sweet relief.

A few minutes later

As they were rattling down the road, they suddenly saw brake lights ahead coming into view. They slowed down until they reached a complete stop. No lanes around them we’re moving, and they were completely boxed in the traffic jam

”Uhm Olivia? Why have we stopped?”

”Not sure Abi, rush hour traffic maybe?

”On a Sunday afternoon? Sure, I bet that’s why”

”Well the satnav didnt say this, something must have just happened up ahead.”

The pair both nervously pulled out their phones and began searching for any sort of reasoning behind the stop.

”Here Olivia, a few cars have crashed and it’s blocking all the lanes. The people are all fine thank god, but they’re saying they need emergency services to move the cars. That shouldn’t take too long r-right Liv?”

Olivia gave a grimacing face back at Abi, showing a lack of confidence in this moving any time soon. “I wouldn’t count on it Abi, these things can take easy over 30 minutes, maybe longer depending on debris and stuff.” Olivia took a deep breath

Abi glanced down at her legs and pushed them together, she knew she was going to be in for a rough time…

ABIGAIL BLADDER CAPACITY - 84%

OLIVIA BLADDER CAPACITY - 75%

Time had passed, and the sign of traffic moving was nowhere to be seen. Abigail had her legs tightly together, with 2 hands pressing in between her thighs.

”Are we still not moving? This is mad” Abigail exclaimed desperately

”Shouldn’t be longer Abi, I think? I hope. Oh fuck who knows at this point…”

“Don’t say that Liv! I am NOT pissing myself in your car”

”Too right you’re not, not on my seat.”

The pair patiently waited watching up ahead, but there was next to no movement.

Suddenly Olivia heard a clicking sound from beside her, she turned to investigate to see Abi undoing her jeans

”Abi what on earth?”

”It helps okay!” Abigail continued unzipping her jeans, opening the front of them and revealing her pink panties with a little bow on them. “Less tight on my bladder this way.”

Olivia looked down at her tight fitting shorts, knowing she couldn’t do the same. She simply continued her fidgeting and bouncing of her legs.

”Oh this has got to move along quick” Olivia whimpered, knowing time was running thin

ABIGAIL BLADDER CAPACITY - 97%

OLIVIA BLADDER CAPACITY - 90%

Abigail was almost at breaking point. Olivia looked over to see her really struggling. “You alright there Abi? You look pretty desperate like that…”

Abigail couldn’t respond, she merely kept her clench.

All of a sudden, traffic began to move. The debris was cleared and cars began moving. Olivia herself about to burst sped off with the cars around.

”We’re off Abi! Haha! We might just make it. Abi?”

”Olivia it’s coming! I’m sorry, I can’t I can’t!!!” Abigail apologised profusely, as Olivia glanced over to see Abigail completely wetting herself. Her bladder emptied itself onto her seat. Abigail’s pink panties drenched, and her jeans darkened as the piss rolled its way off the chair and pooled by her feet. “I’m sorry Liv, it just burst”

”It’s okay Abi, it happens” Olivia not as much concerned for her seat, but her own bladder pushing its way through. The sound of Abi’s piss irritating her own bladder.

Olivia looked at Abigail who was distraught at her accident, but felt herself losing control, she took a quick glance down, to see her shorts have a damp patch forming. The pee forcing its way out, finding its way through her panties and through her shorts.

They arrived at Olivia’s house, she launched the car onto the driveway

”Don’t worry Abi! We’ll clean it up!” Olivia burst out the car, and felt the piss begin to flow “oh shit!” She looked down as her shorts flooded. She was stood outside her house, peeing her pants.

”No no!” Olivia looked through at Abigail, who looked slightly less embarrassed than before

”At least we’re in the same boat huh?” Abigail joked to Olivia

Olivia stood, panties and shorts soaked, glaring at Abigail, knowing how embarrassing of a position she was in. She embraced the soaking pants and looked over. “Well, we better get changed shouldn’t we…”

