You're Not My Daddy, Boy

Author: satyr

*000*2018-12-20 13:28

Author's note: Trying something different this time. I spend a lot of time and effort on my stories, which tend to be quite long, and people seem to like them. But when I post them in one installment, they disappear off the frontpage so fast that I feel like the effort's wasted. Almost nobody reads stories that fall off page one. I'm confident enough in my writing abilities and the audience's appreciation of it that I think I'd get a lot more readers if more people got the chance to actually read the stories. So for this one, I'm posting a teaser. More will follow later, possibly even later today or tomorrow. I just want it to get the attention I (hope and believe) it deserves.

You’re not my daddy, boy

One day, my girlfriend and I were lounging on the coach, watching a film on Netflix. I was looking forward to some forthcoming … and chilling, if you know what I mean. But Tanya seemed tense. Suddenly, she gasped, then sprang up from the sofa and ran towards the bathroom. I paused the film and waited for her to come back. Ten minutes later, she re-emerged, and there was a distinct bloom of wetness between the legs of her gray jeans.

“Did you just pee yourself?” I asked, incredulous.

“A little.” She shrugged.

I just didn’t get it. “But… why? The bathroom is right there!”

She huffed. “I was into the film, okay? I wanted to see the end of it.”

I gave her a look of disapproval. “You shouldn’t just piss yourself when we can just pause the film.”

She blew out her cheeks. Her face reddened, her brows arced downwards. “You’re not my daddy, boy,” she yelled, and stomped off to change.

This wasn’t the first time it happened. One night a few months earlier, I was woken by a soft shake. “Babe, you need to wake up,” my girlfriend said. We’d been out drinking and had pretty much passed out during foreplay.

“What?” I said.

“I’m really sorry. I peed the bed.”

Just then, I noticed some wetness around my bum. I got out of bed. Tanya pulled off the cover, and revealed a large, oval-shaped wet stain on her side of the bed, creeping towards mine. Her bikini-cut panties were soaked, as was part of her shirt.

“What happened?” I asked.

“I don’t know! I guess I drank too much,” she said. We stripped the bed, put down towels on the mattress and new sheets, and got back to sleep. We hadn’t spoken much of it after that.

I’d actually had a conversation about this little “issue” with one of our mutual friends earlier that week, but still couldn’t really believe it would actually happen. I don’t remember how we got onto the topic, but Sarah and I had lunch together. We’re colleagues and she’s the one who originally introduced me to Tanya, and we’ve been good friends for years now, at work and off work. “She’s got this weird thing, Tanya does,” Sarah said.

“Oh?” I said.

“Yeah, she, like… She pees herself, okay? Only, it’s not, like, she’s incontinent or anything. I think she’s got quite a strong bladder actually. Often she’ll go all day without peeing and not piss herself. It’s just sometimes she… gets lazy, I guess. Or gets too involved in some activity and forgets to go until it’s too late. Or puts it off because she can always hold it until later, and then when later comes the way to the bathroom is too long.”

Sarah then related several incidents over the years when Tanya had held it too long and ended up leaking. Once, on a bus trip, she’d full-on pissed her jeans after saying she didn’t need to pee at the previous rest stop.

I didn’t know what to make of all this, so I quickly steered the conversation onto other matters. Then Tanya pissed the bed, then she pissed herself while we were Netflix and planning to chill.

Dear diary, it’s Tanya again. We should get into the habit of doing this more often, sharing things, shouldn’t we? Except you never share anything back. Anyway, today I did it again. I peed myself. Ryan and I were just watching a movie and it was so engrossing and I just… I knew I had to pee, I really did. I was fidgeting a bit. But I thought I could put it off until the end of the film. Then, suddenly, I couldn’t anymore. A bit leaked out. I jumped off that coach like it was infected with Super-Ebola or something and ran to the toilet, but it was too late. By the time I got my panties down and my butt down on the toilet seat, my crotch was quite soaked.

Ryan wasn’t very happy about it. I got pissed and gave him some choice words and stormed off to change. But afterwards, I felt like such a child. I mean, I did really just pee myself because I wanted to put off peeing until the end of a film we could pause at any moment, with the toilet one minute away. Ryan was just concerned for me, and I acted the petulant child.

I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I routinely go all day without peeing, and almost never pee myself. I’ve got a strong bladder. But sometimes, I just put it off too long. I just can’t seem to ever learn.

A few weeks later, Tanya and I went on a day-long date.

*007*2018-12-23 13:12

Chapter 2: Zebras

I must say, my girlfriend was looking quite stunning that Saturday. She wore a sporty top, her excellent B cups looking great—I’ve always been more of a shape than size guy when it comes to breasts—and light blue jeans shorts. When she turned around, the shape of my bum got me a semi. I’m sorry to be so explicit, but what can I say? I wouldn’t be with Tanya if she didn’t turn me on. She’s average height, brunette, with a pretty face and an hourglass figure. Just my type of girl. But of course, I wouldn’t be with her just because she’s a perfect ten—which, if I’m being honest, many other guys would probably disagree with, but it’s my opinion that matters—our personalities must match, our sexualities and interests and everything else that makes a relationship that consists of more than sex work.

And they do. She’s ambitious, she can speak as easily about philosophy as about Archer, my favorite cartoon, and she’s usually very nice and pleasant to be around. She’s got a bit of a temper, but somehow I find it cute. Especially because she’s always so sweet when we make up, which never takes long. Quick to go off, quick to forgive, that’s my girlfriend for you.

Before we went out, I made the mistake of asking her whether she’d been to the bathroom, which I’d done when I showered as a reasonable precaution. We were going to be out all day, and who knew when and where restrooms would be available? But she got offended. “Quit parenting me,” she told me with a frown. But then she added, “As a matter of fact, no I didn’t, although it’s none of your damn business. I didn’t need to go so I didn’t.” She elected to pack a large bottle of water in her backpack, as if trying to push my buttons.

She keeps telling me I’m trying to “daddy” her when I voice my concerns about her little potty issue. I’m not one of those guys who likes his girl to yell “yes daddy, fuck me harder” when we have sex. But I do feel a certain responsibility. Significant others should look out for each other. I don’t want her to embarrass herself, especially not in public.

We were going to the zoo first. Tanya took several swigs out of her water bottle in the car. “I really love zebras,” she said. “They’re my favorite animals. Like funny-looking horses. I hope they have them at City Central,” the zoo we were going to.

I nodded. What do you even say to that? I never had a favorite exotic animal. I like dogs. They’re affectionate and you keep them as pets. Zebras, giraffes, elephants? You see them in zoos, or on David Attenborough shows. Hard to form a relationship with them unless you happen to work at a zoo or be an animal researcher.

As we got in line for the ticket booth, I noticed Tanya squirming slightly. Surely after all her bravado, she didn’t need to pee already? “Babe, you seem a bit fidgety,” I said.

“I’m just excited for the zebras, silly,” she said. Tanya puts on a charming smile when she lies. I’ve known about her tell for a while. We played poker for small stakes of cash once. Never again. I slept on the couch for three days.

I paid for the tickets and we entered. We have a good thing going, money-wise. Not quite shared accounts yet, but we tend to alternate paying for things, whether it be zoo tickets or groceries. We make about the same amount of money and pay about the same share of our bills, including rent.

We walked around for an hour, looking at chimps, lions, elephants and snakes. Tanya voiced her disappointment at the lack of zebras. By now, she couldn’t hide her fidgeting. After we ate lunch—Tanya had a large coffee with her hot dog—she couldn’t resist crossing her legs. I figured this had gone on long enough.

“Tanya, please don’t take this the wrong way...” I began.

“You’re going to tell me to go potty, aren’t you?”

“I wouldn’t use those words, but yes. You’re dancing like a little girl. Come on, it’ll be quick. Restrooms are right there,” I said, pointing at a little red building with the word RESTROOMS prominently displayed on a sign.

“I can hold it,” she said.

I took her hand. “Come on, I need to make a pit stop anyway,” I said. She resisted my grip.

“Don’t parent me,” she repeated. It had became her refrain, and she was sticking to her script. I clutched her firmly. I wasn’t giving in so easily this time.

“Don’t be silly,” I said. Tanya proved my point by grabbing herself between the legs. “When was the last time you peed, anyway?”

She thought about it for a moment. I’d expected her to make some sassy remark, but instead, she said, “Oh, about dinner-time last night, I think.”

“About time, then.”

She shrugged and let me hold her hand. “Okay, daddy,” she added sarcastically, but she let me lead her toward the restrooms. When we got in, we discovered it was a unisex restroom, and there was a line for both stalls. Tanya wasn’t pleased. “Fuck,” she said, squirming. I let her go ahead of me, of course. Directly in front of us was a girl in her late teens, also clearly desperate.

“Please,” she was muttering to herself, as if invoking the pee gods to intervene in her favor. Then there was a moan. “No,” she said, casting her eyes down. I couldn’t spot anything on her jeans, but maybe she leaked. I tried not to pay too much attention to her. I don’t know why, but seeing Tanya desperate had woken something in me. Everything was somehow sexually charged, and this girl was far too young for me. Plus, I was on a date with my girlfriend. It’s rude to look at other girls with desire in your eyes when you’re on a date.

Tanya leaned in and whispered. “That girl’s performance isn’t helping me,” she confided. My girlfriend seemed to be at her limit. She now had a hand permanently stuck between her legs. Good thing she gave in, otherwise I’d be driving her home in wet shorts within thirty minutes.

Finally, the man in our stall exited, and the teenage girl rushed in, mumbling to herself. Possibly thanking the pee gods for their timely intervention. Tanya clutched my hand, hard. She was clearly struggling.

There was no one else behind us in line for this particular stall, and the line for the other stall had cleared out by the time the teenage girl exited. Her eyes were cast down, and I followed them. There was a tiny wet spot between her legs. I redirected my gaze at Tanya, potty-dancing like a toddler. Keep your focus on your girl, I told myself. To my surprise, she dragged me into the stall with her.

“Fuck!” She mumbled as she struggled with the zipper. Finally, she got it open, then down came the shorts and the pink panties as she planted herself on the seat. Tanya moaned as she let go. It was a drizzle for a few seconds, then it became a flood. I don’t know how long it lasted, but it’s the longest piss I can recall witnessing. I could see the tension leave her shoulders, and she had to put a hand over her mouth to suppress what might have been a whimper, might have been a distinctly orgasmic moan. What came out instead was a muffled “ahhh.”

Then she wiped and stood up, allowing me a good view between her legs as she hiked up her panties. She pointed between her legs and whispered, “See, not a spot.” Then she moved out of the way and let me piss. Mine wasn’t nearly as urgent or as long as hers, and it was also not aided by the appearance of a boner. I thought I could hear Tanya chuckling, but I might be imagining things. I finished, and then we sneaked out of the stall, wary of any onlookers who thought we might have been up to no good in there together.

After we were done washing up, I gave my girlfriend that look. “See what happens when you put it off until the last minute,” I said.

She arced a brow. “I made it just fine.”

“By a hair.”

But then she surprised me by changing tack completely. “Seemed like you enjoyed the show, didn’t you, honey?”

I blushed. I tried to deny it. I really did. But I just couldn’t—that moment in the stall, no, the whole sequence starting with me dragging Tanya to the restrooms, her potty-dancing, the desperate girl in front of us, the girl exiting the stall damp between the legs, Tanya almost having an accident, the orgasmic look on her face as she made it just in time—it had been distinctly erotic. I wanted it not to be, but my body betrayed me.

Tanya smiled. “Right then, babe, I should be good for the rest of the day, then.” She finished up her water bottle and immediately replaced it with another one, equally large, from a nearby vending machine. We continued our tour of the zoo and she’d finished the bottle by the hour. By then, we’d seen most of what City Central Zoo had to offer, too, verifying once and for all there were no zebras, so I suggested to Tanya we head to greener pastures. Tanya gave a cautious look as we passed the restrooms by the exits, but pass them by she did. And—by the gods, big or small—I could feel my pulse quicken as she did.

“Let’s have a picnic in the park!” Tanya suggested when she spotted an old blanket in the back of the car. I had nothing better to suggest, so we swung by a shop to buy some crackers, plastic cups, and a cheap bottle of wine.

“I’m driving,” I reminded Tanya.

“You can have one glass and you’ll be fine to drive by this evening. Leave the rest of it to me,” she said, and winked.

We found a nicely shaded spot underneath a tree. It was the height of summer, and it was nice to get out of the early afternoon heat. I spread out the blanket on the grass, and Tanya seated herself in a curious way: one leg tucked underneath her, sitting on her heel. She wasn’t quite able to sit still, either, and as I poured us wine, I inquired, “Tanya, you wouldn’t happen to need…?”

She nodded. “I’m feeling a bit full, is all. But I can last a bit longer! Cheers!” We touched our disposable plastic cups together, which had none of the satisfying clinking of genuine glass—it just caused the plastic to bend and the wine to spill up the sides. I drank my wine slowly and we chatted about the zoo, while my girlfriend finished her glass quickly and began on her second. By now, she was squirming openly.

“Tanya, I can see you’re getting desperate,” I said. My pulse was definitely heightened. She was right: for some incomprehensible reason, I was enjoying the show. It had never occurred to me before that watching a woman desperately try to contain her bladder could be remotely erotic. It hadn’t felt that way when Tanya wet the bed, or pissed herself while we were watching Netflix. Both times, it felt like it got in the way of any erotic charge, but now, for some reason, here I was watching her, picturing her leaking into those pink panties, desperately clenching, and getting all hot and bothered. Maybe it was her manner: she was presenting herself to me, showing herself off. She was neither embarrassed nor sorry. She was teasing me and it was working.

“I have to pee so, so bad,” she said. “But I’ve lasted longer than this before.”

“You barely made it, like, three hours ago, and now you’re looking like you might burst again already.”

She smiled. “I’m not nearly as close to leaking as I was back then.” She finished up the last of her wine and crawled over towards me, gave me a sloppy kiss. “Come on, big boy, admit it. You’d be disappointed if I gave in and went to the restroom like a sensible girl right now.”

“No,” I said. “I think you should be sensible and go before it’s too late.”

She leaned away from me. Fixed her gaze on mine. Her green eyes glittered. “If you truly mean that, I’ll go.”

I couldn’t make my head nod, much as I wanted it to. “No,” I said, and pulled her in for another kiss. “No, don’t go yet,” I repeated, as we separated.

She sat down, holding herself subtly between the legs, looking at me expectantly. What was I supposed to say to her? “But let’s talk about this. Where is this coming from? Was it always something… arousing to you? Because to me, what I’m feeling… I don’t know where it’s coming from.”

She shook her head. “No, I don’t know where it’s coming from either. It was always just a bad habit I had, putting it off. I always did have a big bladder, so I rarely got caught short even though I set myself up for it all the time, putting it off.”

“So what’s going on?”

She shrugged. “I can’t tell you why it’s turning you on now. But I can tell you why it’s turning me on now, when it never really did before. You know, I was getting kind of mad at you for parenting me like a child, so I pulled you into that stall on a whim. I wanted to show you I’d make it. But then, having you there, watching me, and that relief—the relief wasn’t just physical, this time. It was emotional. I think I’d be devastated, if I’d ended up having an accident in front of you.” She fidgeted again, gave me a sly little smile, then continued, “I mean, I’ve had accidents in public before, and I laughed it off, it was mildly embarrassing but my friends let me off the hook pretty lightly, so I could laugh with them about it. But you—I was trying to prove something to you, and if I’d failed, I was afraid you’d humiliate me. That relief, emotional and physical, with you there watching every second… I came. For the first time ever, I had a spontaneous orgasm, just from peeing.”

It was a lot to take in. I didn’t know which thread to pick at first. Before I’d collected my thoughts, she added, “Also, I couldn’t help but notice you seemed to be enjoying the show.”

I blushed. “Yeah.” But there was that other thing she said. “But that bit about me humiliating you—I wouldn’t do that, you know that, right? I wouldn’t lead with I told you so if I saw you were genuinely upset.”

We looked at each other. My eyes were moist, for some reason. Hers were, too. “I love you,” she said.

“I love you, too.” It wasn’t the first time we’d said those words to each other, but it felt as meaningful as that first time.

“Tell me about an accident you had,” I said. Somehow, things had gotten a bit too deep, too quickly, and I wanted to bring them back down to the carnal plane. Her squirming was now constant. I hoped nobody was around to see us, but I couldn’t bring myself to look away from her performance.

“Wouldn’t you like to know all the details,” Tanya said. “Okay, so there was this one time on a bus trip...”

“Yeah, sorry to interrupt you. Sarah happened to mention that to me one time. She told me you had a weird habit or something.”

Tanya laughed. “That bitch could never keep a dirty secret,” she said, but her tone was humorous, not angry. “Okay, that happened. It was just one of those times when I overestimated my abilities. Let me tell you another incident. It was just after I got my first job out of college. I was supposed to be a receptionist, and there were calls all day, both on the phone and in person, and I was nervous so I kept sipping tea. By the end of the day, I was desperate, but for some reason I thought I could make it home, so I didn’t go looking for a restroom.”

“And you didn’t? Make it home, I mean?”

“Oh, I did. I was squirming like mad on the bus, but I got there. Not even a leak. But when I got home, my roommate was in the shower. I stood outside the bathroom door like this,” and she demonstrated by squeezing her crotch, violently shifting her legs around, “and praying she’d be done in time. But then I felt it—a little leak. And another. I looked down at my slacks, and could see a little damp spot down there. I was really struggling, and began banging on the door. Just then, Anita—that’s my housemate at the time—she opened the door, wrapped in a towel, and I just lost it right in front of her. Totally pissed my pants in front of this girl I’d moved in with three weeks ago off a Craigslist ad, didn’t really know her at all.”

“Wow. Must have been super embarrassing.”

“She was a bit shocked, but when I told her how I’d been held up at work all day, first day, didn’t even know where the restrooms were and didn’t want to disappoint my manager—you know, laying it on a bit thick for sympathy—she was actually really understanding. Told me she’d never quite pissed herself, but she’d had some close calls herself. We ended up becoming good friends, and she saw me desperate on more than one occasion later, but I never had another accident when she was around.”

Tanya crept a bit closer to me, still holding herself with one hand. Took my hand and carefully placed it on her abdomen, which was bulging. “Careful, no added pressure,” she said. I felt an erection coming on. She looked me over, from the eyes down to my crotch. I made no attempt to hide the effect she was having on me.

“You know,” I said, making an effort to get back to reality. “This is obviously really exciting, but maybe we should explore it more in private?”

Tanya bit her lip. “Uh-huh. Someone might see, right?”

I nodded.

“You wouldn’t humiliate me if I did have an accident?” She asked.

“Never.”

“What if I wanted you to?”

“What?”

“I know about incognito mode,” she said.

“And?”

“And if I didn’t, you might discover some things in my search history that’d surprise you,” she added with a coy smile. “Look, let’s try this. I noticed there’s a public restroom about two hundred meters up this path, we passed it on our way there. When I really don’t think I can hold it any longer, I’ll give you a sign and you take me there. And if I don’t make it, I want you to humiliate me—not, like, hardcore. Just embarrass me a little. Remind me I’m too old to be putting it off too long.”

“I wouldn’t want to go too far...” I was intrigued, but also wary. Things were moving fast, and there was a battle going on between my libido and my higher thinking.

“I might pretend to be a bit upset, but if I get actually upset and want you to stop, I’ll tell you zebras and you’ll stop.”

“Zebras is your safe-word?”

“Why not?”

“Someone might see us...”

“Look around you,” she said. I’d been too transfixed by her squirming and her stories to notice that the park was deserted. I could even see the restrooms Tanya were talking about back up the path. “And I have a change of clothes in the car. I didn’t bring it on purpose, I just noticed my overnight bag was sitting there in the trunk, must’ve forgotten it there sometime.”

“Okay.” I said. “I’m not sure… We’ve never done any roleplay before. I might be a terrible actor.”

“I’m about to piss myself,” Tanya said. “I’m sure I’ll be more focused on holding it than on your Oscar chances.”

We spent the next half-hour just trying to pass the time, trading trivia while Tanya’s movements got increasingly erratic. Fun fact: it’s really hard to come up with fun facts when you’re waiting for your desperate girlfriend to wet herself, watching for every sign.

She bent over, grabbing herself and moaning, then looked me in the eye. I took it as her promised sign. “Right,” I said, clearing my throat. Time to get into character. “This has gone on too long, babe. Let’s get you to a restroom.”

“I’m not your child,” she said, squirming and biting her lip.

“No, so stop acting like one.” I helped her up. She winced as she had to let go of her crotch for a moment. I took her by the hand and led her up the path towards the restrooms. She walked slowly, clenching every muscle, and had to stop several times to clutch at herself. I glanced around nervously for onlookers, but the park was still empty. Once, she stopped completely, bent over, and when she straightened back up, I noticed a tiny wet spot on her shorts.

“Oh, fuck’s sake, are you peeing your pants?” I said.

“Shut up. I’m gonna make it,” Tanya said.

We were only thirty paces off from the restrooms now. Tanya could only take three strides at a time before she had to stop and clutch at herself, but she didn’t let go of my hand. “Come on, you can make it, big girl,” I said, hoping she wouldn’t.

As we approached the door, Tanya sank into a crouch, whimpering. “Ahh,” she said. “No, no, no…” My eyes were fixed on her abdomen, on the wet spot between her legs: it had grown. It was growing. Pee began pouring out, through the denim, down her inner thighs, out the leg holes of her shorts, pitter-pattering down her legs and pooling in the grass beneath her. Tanya moaned. It went on for a minute, then she straightened herself up. “I think I got it under control now,” she said.

I took her hand again and turned her around, admiring her bum. Under control, my ass. Her butt was soaked all the way up to the waistband in a half-moon pattern, and her bare thighs were glistening with transparent urine. “Didn’t I tell you to go earlier?” I said. “Under control? You just wet yourself like…” I was still not entirely in character, and I was both confused and aroused—I couldn’t come up with a coherent sentence, no way to fulfill her humiliation fantasy that didn’t go overboard.

“I’m sorry, Ryan,” she said in a small voice. “I’ll make it next time.” Then she rose and kissed me, passionately, teasing me with her tongue. “I really enjoyed that,” she whispered. Her voice was back to normal now, but she was still breathing hard, her cheeks flushed. “Now get me home and we’ll take care of all your needs, big boy.” She gave my erection a squeeze through my pants.

We made it back to the car unseen. Tanya retrieved her overnight bag and quickly made a change in the backseat, under the cover of our blanket. Then we drove home and she more than fulfilled her end of the deal.

Dear diary, today was incredible. Ryan and I discovered something new and exciting—I’d never dreamed that things would turn out this way. The way he looks at me when I’m desperate—the way I felt when I couldn’t help but let go—his charmingly awkward attempts to embarrass me—the fun we had when we got home.

Oh my god.

I am at a loss for words.

We’re definitely exploring this further sometime. With more proper planning, certainly. I could tell Ryan was a bit conflicted—we got caught up in a bubble of arousal and we moved a bit fast. It’s okay, though. We talked about it afterwards. Agreed that we both enjoyed it. Agreed we’d explore it at a careful pace going forward. Made absolutely sure nothing we did today crossed anybody’s limits.

Talk soon,

T.

*015*2018-12-26 06:15

{{4 hours ago, Ranpalan said:

I'm sorry how you feel about your stories disappearing. I think you're the best amongst us, and I gladly read everything you write. If people don't encounter one thing of yours and feel the need to catch up on everything they've missed, they're missing out.

Once again, great work!

}}

Wow dude, thanks for that, I don't know what to say. I was probably not entirely sober when I wrote that introduction, and maybe a bit overly emotional. In retrospect, kinda reads a bit grandiose, or like I'm fishing for compliments.

But I really do think it's just an unavoidable issue with forums like this one, and I feel bad for my own favorite writers on this site when I see that their stuff goes under-appreciated. I'm not going to whine any more about it though.

As for this story, I think it will be in either three or four parts. I already have a chapter 3 written, but that one was written before I wrote chapter 2. Chapter 2 ended up going in a more intimate, emotional direction than I'd foreseen when I started out. So chapter 3 as written is more smutty in tone and involves a second girl. I'm not opposed to that scenario in the future, but I think these two characters need some more room to explore on their own first. So what I'm going to do is write a new chapter 3, and depending on how that goes, possibly rework chapter 3 into chapter 4, or possibly the story will just end on a high note after chapter 3.

*018*2019-01-29 11:34

Ok, so I ran into some issues with writer's block while writing chapter 3. I just couldn't get anything going that I was satisfied with. So, in lieu of that, I decided I might as well give you the original chapter 3 which I wrote before I wrote chapter 2. As mentioned, this one might be a bit tonally different because it doesn't account for the more intimate and emotional direction that ch2 went in, but hey, I think it's still pretty sexy if I do say so myself! I'm posting this now so that I can start on a different story with a good conscience, because I hate leaving a story unfinished when I promised I would post follow-up.

Chapter 3 (original)

After that day, everything changed. Suddenly, desperation and even wetting had become sexual to us. We eagerly explored this new fetish, and ventured ever further into new relationship dynamics. It was Tanya who suggested we start a blog about our adventures. It was very explicit, with detailed stories about our experiences, and pictures of Tanya potty-dancing, sometimes even wet, but always with her face cropped out. Of course, neither of us wanted any of this to be connected to our real identities. We went by R. & T. on the blog. After a few months, it had gained quite a following.

One day, I received an intriguing e-mail to the dummy gmail account associated with the blog:

Hi, R & T! My name is Joanna, Jo to my friends. I’ve been a fan of your blog almost since it began. Holding my pee has always been a source of great pleasure to me. I come from a big-bladdered family, and was trained from an early age to hold for long periods of time while hiding my need.

Now, I only pee once per day, and that’s just a sensible precaution. I can go for longer, but you need a certain balance in your life between sexual pleasure and “real life” (work, friends, family and hobbies). So you must understand, sending this e-mail is unusually forward of me. From certain clues I believe I live reasonably close to you, but don’t worry, I don’t plan to doxx you. I understand your desire to keep your private sex life private and your blog anonymous.

I’m writing because I have a request. You’re free to decline, in fact I expect you to. But I’ve been thinking about it for days now, and just can’t get it off my mind. I’ve noticed T. has fallen into something of a more submissive role lately. Accepted R’s control over her bathroom habits. And I think that’s… It’s not wrong. Nothing consensual is wrong. But I want to prove to you that not all ladies like T need to be parented by their boyfriends.

I’d like to issue a challenge. I come to your house, and I demonstrate my ability to hold long and hard while hiding any sign of desperation. We can meet in a public place first to confirm to each other that none of us are psychos who plan to rob or murder the other.

I think it would be great fun, and couldn’t forgive myself if I didn’t extend the offer.

Sincerely,

Jo

I was intrigued, but also very wary. Naturally, letting a stranger from the internet into your sex life is a risky proposition. I showed the e-mail to Tanya, of course. To my surprise, she was positive. She told me ever since we began expanding our sexual repertoire, she’d become more open to having another woman involved, provided it was the right woman and the right circumstances. We discussed whether “Jo” might actually be a fat, middle-aged ax murderer. Finally, we agreed that we’d at least meet her, at a location reasonably far away from our apartment, and see what impression she gave off.

We had our meeting, and Jo was indeed a confident, pretty young woman. She presented no red flags whatsoever. In fact she talked more about her fears—that we might be the psychos, that we might think she was one—than she talked about anything else. She also told some incredible stories about her bladder prowess. We agreed to try out a weekend experience, on the condition that we might throw her out of the house at the first red flag. She was very understanding, and said she’d impose the same conditions if she were in our shoes.

Saturday around 11 AM, she arrived, all smiles. We showed her around the place and sat down for a cup of tea, talking about our plans for the weekend. “I last peed before I left, so that’s about three hours ago,” Jo said. By the end of the first meeting, we’d all exchanged our real names and addresses as a sign of trust. The mood in the room was good—electric, even. Everyone was excited for what was about to happen. We still kept a subtle eye out for any warning signs, of course, but nothing so far seemed to indicate that Jo was anything but what she presented herself to be.

“I just peed an hour ago,” Tanya said.

We agreed that each lady would hold, time limit indefinite. “I’m going to show you what a real iron bladder looks like,” Jo said. At this stage, no more than an hour since her last pee, Tanya was fairly confident in her abilities, too. She’d expanded her capabilities considerably since we began our experiments.

“Let’s get started, then,” I suggested. “To speed things along, I suggest each of you have a liter of water. No need to down everything in one go, but finish it by the hour. You’ve already seen the bathroom, Jo, and both of you know from now on it’s off limits to anyone but me. As you know, I’m more of a watcher than a holder.”

Jo nodded. “Excellent!” She said. I gave each women their bottle of water, and they each finished theirs within the next half-hour while we chatted about this and that, getting to know each other outside our shared fetish. I learned that Jo was a nurse, and frequently had to hold for long periods of time at her job—not by choice, she said. She preferred to keep her fun private, but her schedule was demanding. She might be paged anytime for an emergency, so she might be prevented from peeing for long periods of time.

By now, I was a bit at a loss as to how to fill the time until the real desperation set in. Tanya suggested we show Jo around town before anyone was got too desperate to be out in public, and so we did. We spent a few hours seeing the local sights, each woman taking several opportunities to fill up on coffee. Then we had dinner at a local restaurant. Jo insisted on paying, “for our hospitality and trust,” as she said. By the end of dinner, Tanya was beginning to squirm, so we all decided to head home. Time for the real show to begin.

Jo already demonstrated quite a bladder bulge under her jeans if you looked closely, but she showed absolutely no signs of urgency. Tanya was subtly squirming, but keeping things under control.

“Well, it’s after five on a Saturday, and I’ve got a six-pack of lager in the fridge,” I offered. Jo accepted eagerly. My girlfriend gave me a look that said “don’t rush things,” but she accepted a beer too. By this time, I decided to visit the toilet myself. After that, I locked the bathroom and put the key in my pocket, out of reach of the ladies. They’d both agreed on the conditions, and we’d all agreed that anyone was free to back out anytime at no further price than some embarrassment.

So we sipped beer and watched a film. Tanya was snuggled up against me, and by the end of the film, she was holding herself between the legs. Jo gave a smirk. If you looked very closely, you might notice that her movements had become slightly more strained, more careful. But she was hiding it very well, just like she’d said she would.

Tanya wasn’t ready to throw in the towel, but she declared that one more glass of water was all she would have tonight. Normally, this hold would be no challenge to her, but she’d been over-hydrating and now she was quite desperate. I must say, I enjoyed the show. I don’t know what I enjoyed more: seeing Tanya like this, or the thought of seeing Jo like this later on. Surely, if she didn’t throw in the towel she’d reach the point of visible desperation, at least by the next morning.

The ladies had their water, and we teased each other about what might happen tomorrow for a while, but then Tanya, now very strained, declared an early night. I’d prepared carefully, and one of my preparations was buying a pack of those bedwetting mats they sell for teenagers. Jo knew she’d be sleeping on the couch, since we had only one bed in our apartment, but she wasn’t happy to hear she’d be sleeping protected.

“I won’t be peeing in my sleep,” she declared. Jo was keeping her composure very well, but by now you could tell she needed to pee if you were looking closely.

“My house, my rules,” I said.

“Fair point,” Jo agreed, and I put the protection on the coach. Then we said our good-nights, and I prepared the bed for my girlfriend. In private, she was holding herself openly, dancing like crazy. It drove me wild.

We fell asleep after a good while of fantasizing, both very excited and Tanya also very desperate. Early in the morning, she woke me up. I knew immediately why. She revealed that her pajamas were quite soaked, and I tentatively put a hand between her legs, feeling the wetness, feeling what lay underneath. She moaned, but then she put my hand away. “It’ll be more exciting when we see Jo later,” she said. “Putting it off is so exciting, makes the eventual release so much better.” Not exactly subtle, the double meaning there.

Tanya changed, and we were pleased to find the bedwetting mat had done its job admirably. Not a spot on the sheets, although the mat itself was soaked. Then we fell asleep in each others’ arms.

A couple of hours later, the alarm clock woke us up. It was 8 AM, and we were both very curious to see how Jo had fared throughout the night. We found her awake, legs crossed casual-like on top of a dry bed-mat. When she wasn’t moving, you couldn’t tell, but as soon as she rose, she was squirming. Of course, she’d been holding it for twenty-four hours.

“I’m sweaty and exhausted, and I’d like a shower and a change, even though I didn’t wet myself. It’s only fair you two get to watch to make sure I don’t cheat,” Jo said. The proposition had turned things very sexual, very fast, but we were all in the mood for it. Jo undressed, and we both admired her physique in general, and her bulging bladder and shaky legs in particular. As the water began running, she shuddered and crossed her legs, but she kept it all in. When she’d dried off, she cast a suspicious glance at Tanya, who’d been so squirmy last night and was so composed now.

“How’d your night go?” Jo asked.

Tanya blushed. “I wet myself early this morning, so you won. Congratulations. But you won’t beat me twice.”

Jo chuckled. “Yeah, that might be a challenge. You lived up to my expectations—nearly twenty-four hours while drinking so much is impressive even by my standards. That would be a challenge not even I think I could take on. But I’m not quite ready to give in yet.” So she re-dressed into another pair of jeans and high-cut shirt showing off her bulging midsection, and we ate breakfast. My girlfriend, only hours removed from her last pee, confidently gulping it all down. Jo, now moving her legs erratically under the table, settled for a cup of coffee.

“Not so composed now?” I ventured.

Jo nodded. “I’m feeling it. But I can last a good while longer. It might not be as composed, but I’ll last.” Indeed, she was now approaching the stage Tanya had been in the night before, openly squirming and occasionally squeezing herself while she thought we weren’t looking.

We spent another hour talking, continually teasing Jo, who was taking it all as a good sport. She even accepted another bottle of water from Tanya, although she drank it slowly, wincing as each sip made its way down her system. Tanya finished her bottle in five minutes flat. Then she announced, “Who’s up for a Sunday matinee?”

Jo gave her a look that said are you actually insane? But to my surprise, she agreed. She had no issues with my insisting she bring a change of clothes or sit on a bed mat in the car, either. On the ride to the cinema, she announced she’d now reached her all-time longest hold, and the previous record she’d been drinking far less.

Jo attracted some odd looks as she squirmed at the ticket office. On the way in, she suddenly gasped and stopped dead in her tracks. Then, she blushed and looked down at her crotch. I followed her gaze. In the dim lighting, it was hard to tell, but there appeared to be a tiny damp patch on her jeans.

“Did you just have an accident?”

“You might see me leak,” she said, “but I won’t piss myself. I’ll go to the toilet when I decide, not when my body decides for me.”

“You don’t call that an accident?”

“I call it an understandable occurrence, nothing more.” We entered the dark hall and sat down, and I worried I’d ruined the mood. But midway through the movie, as the transformers began battling Godzilla—seriously, what is with these dumb crossovers?—both ladies were squirming, and Jo let me put a hand on her damp patch. It hadn’t expanded much, if at all, but when I removed my hand, now sporting a boner, she immediately held herself between the legs. By the credits, she was dancing in her seat, but still hadn’t leaked more. We got up, and Jo surprised us by suggesting we go for an early dinner at the restaurant from the day before.

“Are you insane?” I asked. “You already leaked. You’re gonna wet yourself in public!”

“That tiny leak was all it took to regain control,” Jo said. “I’m hungry, and I’ll make it back home safe and dry.” Tanya was doing a good job hiding her own urgency, and she agreed as well.

The dinner was tense. I had to order for Jo, who couldn’t sit still for a minute. She ate with one hand, the other hidden under the table. For her part, Tanya was scissoring her legs and shifting around. We spoke little, and finished our meal quickly. Both ladies looked at the restrooms with longing as we passed, but declined any offer of relief.

When we arrived back home, Jo arranged the bed mat on the couch of her own accord. “I didn’t get a lot of sleep last night, and I’m a bit exhausted. I’d like to take a nap, if you don’t mind.” She was fast asleep five minutes later.

My girlfriend and I seated ourselves at the kitchen table, which offered a good view of our sleeping bladder heroine. Tanya was still clutching herself and moaning, but we were both transfixed by Jo, squirming in her sleep. Both of us were expecting her to lose it any minute. We talked in muted tones, mostly about how incredibly aroused we both were. But after half an hour, nothing much had happened with Jo, so we gradually turned our attention away from her. A few minutes later, Tanya directed me back towards Jo. “Look!”

The damp spot between her legs had grown a bit. It was now the size of a tennis ball, impossible to pass off as anything but a patch of accidentally released urine. But it grew no more, and Jo’s face had assumed a calmer note, as if the little leak was all it took for her to regain her serenity. She slept for another thirty minutes, then woke up.

“Time to give it up, Jo,” Tanya announced.

“Why?”

“You leaked some more.” Jo put a hand between her legs and muttered a curse. But when she stood up, she was barely squirming anymore. Her composure was almost back.

“I’m back in control. Let me just make a quick change, and then we can go for a drink at that lovely pub down the street.”

Tanya looked horrified. She was on the verge of another accident. “You’re gonna piss yourself, in public!” She said.

“I won’t, but even if I do, nobody knows me in this town,” Jo said. Tanya grumbled. Unlike Jo, she risked running into friends or acquaintances. We’d all arranged to have Monday off, anticipating that if things went well, we might need a day to recover. But still… In the end, Tanya’s arousal overcame her fears. She was desperate not only for a pee, but also to reach a climax to this whole ordeal, sexually speaking. She wanted so badly to see Jo lose it, and we’d spent the last hour fantasizing about what we might do to each other, possibly involving Jo, when that happened.

So we all walked, the ladies on shaky legs, down to the pub. Jo was sporting another pair of jeans, light enough in tone to show any leaks clearly. She must have brought a whole wardrobe in her suitcase. By now, she was, if not back in control, considerably more so than before her nap. The leak and the sleep combined had done wonders for her composure, and she was able to make her order without much more than minor squirming. Tanya had seated herself in the corner, clutching at herself and trying to suppress moaning. Jo gave us each a pint and we began sipping, neither lady willing to commit fully to even more liquid.

“So you do this all the time, holding all day?” I asked Jo.

“Pretty much, yeah.”

“And you never, ever leaked before today? I find that incredible.”

Jo blushed. Her legs were now firmly crossed beneath the table. “Okay, so there was this one time...”

“I knew it!” Tanya said.

“Let her finish,” I said.

“So there was this one time my plane got delayed, then the taxi got lost… It was a bit of a clusterfuck. I ended up having to hold it far longer than I’d planned to. By the time I reached my own bathroom at home, I was still dry, but the sight of the toilet was a bit much. I leaked a little bit. Not enough to show on my skirt. That’s the one time I ever lost control since I was in diapers.”

“Until today,” I added.

“Today was special circumstances,” she replied, but had the decency to blush.

In the end, when the pints were down to the slag at the bottom, it was Tanya who called it off. “I can’t take it anymore in public,” she whispered in my ear. “Besides, I need to go number two, and I’m not into that.”

“Time to leave,” I said. Jo nodded. She was back to curtsying and squirming, but both ladies managed the walk home without further incident. We didn’t encounter anyone we knew, thankfully. I gave Tanya the bathroom key and she rushed off.

“She calling in the towel? I want to watch,” Jo said.

“She needs to poop,” I whispered back.

“Oh. Yeah, I guess she deserves her privacy for that bit.”

Jo was now bent over, legs crossed, dancing on the spot. She had reached her limit twice already, but each time, had escaped with a tiny leak. Surely now she was at her actual, physical breaking point. She’d been holding it for a day and a half, with only a couple of squirts released, hydrating like mad. Her bum, and what might soon trickle through that stretched fabric, was transfixing from behind. Jo was moaning and mumbling to herself, nearly psychotic with desperation when Tanya emerged from the bathroom. “I just barely made it,” she said. She was smiling from eyes to mouth, her shoulders had released their tension, but she was still almost jumping with excitement. Must be hard, denying yourself both urinary and sexual relief for so long.

“Such a relief. Oh my god, you’re still holding on?” She added, directed at Jo.

“Um,” Jo mumbled. She shuffled over to the kitchen table and sat down on a chair, crossing her legs and hunched over. Tanya walked over and poured a glass of water from the sink. The sound made Jo wince. Tanya put down the glass in front of Jo.

“If you’re not going to give in, might as well hurry things along,” Jo said. By now, our tone and shared experience had become very intimate and sexually charged, which is probably why she added, “I’m so horny right now, I just need this to end so I can fuck Ryan. And possibly you, if you’re up for it.”

Jo’s eyes lit up for a moment at that offer. She tried to reach for the glass, but immediately had to return her hands to her lap. “Would it be okay if I held the glass to your mouth?” I offered. She nodded. So I gently poured the water down her throat, slowly. Her squirming intensified. I don’t know if it was the physical liquid entering her system or the psychological knowledge of it that did it, but it seemed she was one step closer to her breaking point. It would still be a while before the liquid made its way to her bladder, but the damage was already done.

The tension in the room was palpable. All eyes, even Jo’s, were on her lap. Five minutes after she finished her water, she yelped, bent over, and her eyes glazed over. When she regained her composure, we could all see that a tiny leak had trickled down her leg. It wasn’t much, just a thin streak down halfway to her knee on one of her inner thighs, but she was clearly losing the struggle. Nobody commented on it—it was known to all, and nothing needed to be said. Jo got up off the chair with some effort and began potty-dancing in place again.

“Come on, Jo, you’re already wetting yourself. Just give in,” I said. “Go to the toilet like a grown woman, or piss your pants like a little girl, but for heaven’s sake, just go.”

It seemed like Jo was a leaker, not a big releaser. And for every little leak, she gained some temporary relief, which gave her some temporary confidence. “I told you, you don’t need to parent me,” she said. “I’m a grown woman and I will go to the toilet when I feel like it.” As she was saying this, she was grabbing her crotch like a six-year-old girl too shy to ask for a hall pass in class.

Tanya, horny beyond belief, made a grab for one of Jo’s hands, the one that was temporarily not holding her crotch. “Come on then, baby, let’s go to bed. You can sleep in mommy and daddy’s bed tonight.” Tanya was clearly enjoying the role reversal. Maybe a bit too much.

“Don’t speak to me like that!” Jo said, but she let herself be led towards our bedroom. Halfway there, she bent over, moaned, and another damp spot appeared between her legs. We continued on, Tanya whispering “comforting” words to her. I’m not sure how much comfort there was in them, to be honest.

Dear online diary, T. speaking. The past weekend was incredible. We met up with a fan, and she had some amazing bladder capacity. She proved it time and again. I managed to wet the bed the first night, trying to prove I was her match, I guess. What she demonstrated the next day, however, holy shit! So hot!

Okay, let me set the scene. J. is a young woman who loves holding her pee to the brink of accident, and she’s really good at it. She’s rather attractive, but I won’t reveal anything more about her to protect her privacy. She agreed to let me post this account on the condition of anonymity. So, she’d been holding it for twenty-four hours, and I’d just admitted I wet the bed like a child, after lasting nearly twenty-four hours myself, filling up on water and coffee and beer like a maniac. And she still kept going! It was incredible!

Towards the middle of the day, once she passed the thirty-hour mark, she began to lose it. Up until then, her composure was impeccable. The whole first day, you’d never know she had to pee at all! But then she leaked a bit. Twice, in fact. All this was turning R. and me so much on. We even ventured into a local pub, but after one drink, we had to rush home. You see, I was desperate again, J. was looking like she might have an accident any moment, but worst of all, I had to poop. I’ve learned to love holding and wetting for my boyfriend, but #2 is a step too far. I ran to the bathroom. Yep, I almost pooped myself, all in an effort to get off on this whole desperation and wetting scenario. But I didn’t! No, I made it to the potty just in time like a big girl, and after a long tinkle and a much-needed number two, I was so, so aroused.

Problem was, Jo was still holding on, just barely. She leaked a little bit again, and each time she leaked, it was as if she gained temporary superpowers. As if she could hold on forever, if she could just leak a tiny bit every now and again. But I was so horny, I needed this to end so we could finally get to the coitus! So we brought her to bed. J. told me afterwards I went a bit overboard on “baby-talking” to her at this stage. I’m so sorry, J! I was too horny to think straight. Consent is so important, kids. Never go too far in a direction your partner(s) have indicated they’re uncomfortable with, even if they never said it was a “hard no.” It’s disrespectful and bordering on illegal. I took the hint, though. I could see I was spoiling the mood for her, so I toned it down.

We arranged one of those bedwetting protection mat things on the bed. R. had the idea to buy them, and they’re great for having wet fun in bed without all the annoying cleanup. You just throw them in the thrash afterwards. Anyways, she was fully dressed, her pants were damp but she was still squirming, keeping back most of the flood. We placed her between us, and each cupped one of her breasts. By this time, we’d established consent. Her nipples were rock hard, as were mine. It was my first experience with another girl. I don’t think I’m into girls in general. But the right context, the right girl? Oh, so hot!

So she was there in between R. and me, moaning and clutching at herself. Clearly aroused, herself. But also consumed with the struggle between her will and her overfilled bladder. I began kissing her, and I think R. fingered her. I’m not sure, I was occupied by her squirming and her lips. So soft! After a while of this, none of us had truly gotten off, but we’d spent our energy. We all fell asleep in a huddle.

A couple of hours later, J. woke us both up. “Take me to the potty,” she pleaded. There was a circular wet patch beneath her ass, about the size of a soccer ball, but her bladder was still bulging dangerously above the waistband of her jeans. The damage to her pants was contained to her immediate crotch area, and a small trickle down her inner thigh. I’m telling you, this girl’s capacity is incredible!

R. took her free hand. J.’s other hand was clutching between her legs. He led her towards the bathroom. She held on bravely. As soon as she saw the toilet, though, something must have broken in her brain. A brain-squirt, if you will. Pee exploded out of her. It trickled out the backside of her jeans, down both legs, soaking into the denim. It pooled around her feet, soaking into her socks, which she’d forgotten to remove in the chaos. The pee was entirely clear, not a trace of yellow in it. By the end, half our little bathroom’s tiles were wet, and I forgot to time her, but she must have kept going for three minutes.

After that, J. let R. undress her, and we all got in the shower and finally got off. It was cramped, but damn if it wasn’t hot!

