Marcy And The Train Of No Relief (Amphibia)

Author: SodaBubbles

*000*2023-09-13 15:54

NOTE: All characters are aged up to a respective 18+ age range

PLOT: Marcy is going to a concert downtown, but she forgot to pee before she left, and this train, has no bathrooms in sight. As Anne and Sasha grow more and more worried for Marcy.

WARNINGS: There’s a brief mention of genitals, also keep this in mind: this isn’t really a warning, but this is an AU where Marcy is Autistic. So just keep that in mind.

@@”Is that our train? Is it ours?! Is it?!” Marcy asked again and again, bouncing from excitement as she pointed at the train which had stopped by, as Sasha shook her head. “Mar Mar, that’s number 15, remember, ours is 32!” She said, before quickly teasing her about it in a playful way. “Well I can’t wait any longer! Let’s go on that one!” Marcy said excitedly, before tossing her large cup of soda, which was now empty into the trash, before dashing to the train, suddenly being grabbed by Anne. “Patience you little nugget!” Anne said sweetly, Marcy loved it when Anne called her nugget. Sasha quickly stood up from a bench she was sitting on. “I’m gonna head to the bathrooms, there isn’t one on the train, does anyone wanna go with me?” Sasha asked, as Anne nodded. “It’s best to go just incase!” Anne said, before looking at Marcy. “Are you coming?” Sasha asked, as Marcy shook her head. “Nuh uh! I dont Need to!” She said, before sitting on the bench after many minutes of running and jumping. “Are you sure? You drank like what, 3 big soda cups earlier?” Anne added, as Marcy nodded. “Mhm! All sure!” Marcy said, not really listening to the both of them, as she just dangled her feet and glared at the train tracks. “Alright, but let us know if you need to! Cause it’s gonna be 2 hours with no bathroom in sight!” Sasha said, as they both went into the bathroom, as Marcy just blabbered. “Pee pee blah blah blah! What do they know? I’m as fine as a mouse! Whatever that means.” She said to herself.

@@about 15 minutes later, the train had come to the station. “Is that us?! Is that us?! Is I-“ Marcy asked, before Sasha covered her mouth. “Yes. That’s us.” She said, before Marcy dashed into the train, sitting down on the seat, as Anne and Sasha followed along and sat next to her. Marcy looked out the window, just thinking about the concert as she flapped her hands and squealed. Anne smiled as Marcy stimmed, as Sasha giggled, Marcy could be so adorable sometimes. “Why aren’t we moving yet?” Marcy asked. “Well, we gotta wait 5 minutes so everyone else can get in, get ready and do some last minute things. Talking about last minute, do you need the ba-“ Sasha said, before getting cut off. “Noooo I dooont! I’m not a baby! I know when I need to tinkle on my own!” Marcy said, before Sasha just rolled her eyes playfully.

The train set off 5 minutes later, as Marcy squealed. “I can’t wait! This is gonna be amazing!” She said excitedly. “Oh my goodness yeah! I’ve seen tons and tons of reviews about it, I’m so excited!” Anne said, before the 3 of them squealed at the same time.

@@about 35 minutes later, Marcy felt a tingle. She needed to pee. “Oh gosh, why didn’t I go earlier?! Oh stupid Marcy! I guess it will be okay?” Marcy thought to herself, as she looked around in the seats, Anne was reading, and Sasha was drawing, listening to music meanwhile. Marcy stood up, and walked up towards a worker who was on the train. “Hey uhhh, are you sure you don’t have a bathroom nearby?” Marcy asked, legs shaking. “I apologise ma’am, but there are indeed no bathrooms until our next stop, which is half a 2 hours away.” She said, as Marcy quickly sat back down, rocking back and forth. Anne looked up from her book, before putting a finger on one of the words to keep track on where she had last read, she looked at Marcy, who rocked back and forth, looking uncomfy. “Heya Marcy? Are you alright?” Anne asked her, before Marcy turned her head, facing Anne. “I uhhh… I’m not sure.” She mumbled, not wanting to tell the truth in fear that Anne would get upset hearing that she did in fact not listen to what Anne said earlier. “Then why are you rocking back and forth like one of those old timey clocks?” Anne giggled. “I uh, I dunno?” Marcy said, focusing on holding it all in. Anne shrugged, as she continued reading her book.

@@Marcys bladder was filling and filling more by the minutes, she curled up her hair with her finger to try and distract herself. Sasha stood up from her seat to get her purse nearby, as she went to get it, she noticed Marcy curling her hair with her finger, she always did that when she felt in discomfort. Sasha quickly grabbed her purse, sitting infront of Marcys view. “Marcy, is everything okay?” Sasha asked, confused by what might be up with her. She was just squealing and blabbering earlier, and then all of a sudden she went silent. Marcy looked up, she didn’t know what to say, she shook her head no, as Sasha tilted her head, giving a signal to Anne. Anne looked up, and noticed this Aswell. “Would you mind telling us what’s up?” Anne asked. Marcy looked up again, tilting her head. “I uhh… iiii….. uhhh…” Marcy was crossing her legs, bouncing one of them. All of a sudden, the train started getting bumpy. This shook Marcy to the core as she quickly crossed her legs tighter, grabbing her skirt. “I don’t… I uhh.. mmmm….” Marcy couldn’t say it. Sasha had a stern but confused look on her face, as Anne started building up inside her head what was going on with Marcy. “Well, we won’t force you to tell us, but you have to at some point.” Sasha added. Marcy nodded. “I’m just, I’m uhh.. I’m cold?” Marcy said, trying to find a good excuse. She didn’t wanna lie, but also didn’t wanna tell the truth.

Anne giggled. “Cold? You usually don’t act like that when you’re cold, but I’ll fetch you my hoodie!” Anne said, as she grabbed her hoodie, covering Marcy with it. As soon as the hoodie fell over her, she grabbed her crotch so nobody would notice. “I uh, thank you..” Marcy mumbled.

@@There was now 20 minutes left until they would arrive. Marcy was now shaking under the hoodie, her face was red and sweaty, she rocked back and forth, whining and biting her lips. Now the two of them were concerned, and worried. “Marcy, what’s up? Please tell us, we won’t be mad.” Sasha said sweetly. Anne nodded in agreement. Meanwhile Marcy was whining. Her bladder felt like pin pricks, she felt like she was about to pop like a balloon, more so a water balloon. Her vagina started hurting aswell. Tears welled up in her eyes, as Marcy mumbled. “I gotta go… pee.. now.” Now it all made sense, from the rocking, the hair curling, the whining and the blushing. Anne looked up at the train sign, to see there were 20 minutes left. “Oh Marcy, why didn’t you tell us earlier? And why didn’t you go when you could?” Sasha asked. “I didn’t need to go then, I just wanted to get on the train! I didn’t wanna miss out, but now I’m about to.. pop. I didn’t wanna tell you, I didn’t want to make you guys upset.” Marcy answered, tears welling up, as she grabbed her crotch. It was hard to see Marcy in pain, because when she was in pain, it showed. And this was as visible as visible can get. “Marcy, we wouldn’t be upset or mad, we would try and find a solution. Like now! Maybe we can ask one of the workers to stop here?” Anne asked. “But uh, wouldn’t we miss out on the concert?” Marcy asked, shaking her legs and grabbing her crotch tighter. “Oh you silly goose, we would just walk there! Besides, the concert doesn’t start in another hour!” Sasha added. Anne stood up,helping Marcy up, as soon as Marcy stood up, she almost leaked, she grabbed her crotch even tighter. “Let’s get off now!” She said, shivering. Sasha went to one of the workers, asking if the 3 of them could stop here. The worker nodded, alerting the conductor. The train stopped as the 3 of them dashed out, as the train took off once again.

Marcy potty danced, looking for a bathroom sign. “There!” Anne called out, as Marcy dashed towards the door, and knocked on it loudly. “Hurry hurry hurry hurry!” She potty danced, Sasha looked at the door and rolled her eyes. “Mar Mar, the door is open! Look, the door has a green sign.” She pointed, as she opened the door for her. Marcy dashed in and shut the door, she threw off her underwear, lifting up her skirt as fast as she could as she sat down, as a gush of urine flowed into the toilet. Marcy closed her eyes in delight. “Ahhhhhhhhhh….” She groaned in relief. “Phew! That was close!” Anne said to Sasha, as she could hear the stream from outside the door, Sasha laughed loudly. “You can say that again! could have gone badly, both for her, and the train seat.” She added, as the two of them giggled.

@@about 2 minutes later, Marcys stream died down, as she let out a big sigh of relief. Before wiping and getting her underwear back on. She flushed and washed her hands, as she came out of the door, looking much happier. “Y’know, next time I’m not ordering that much soda again, let alone not going pee before going somewhere.” Marcy panted, as the 3 of them laughed. As they exited the train station, and walked all the way to the concert.

@@the end! Sorry for not writing in a while :3

