The Contractor's Apprentice

Author: Sapphire3619

*016*2019-09-15 05:54

Perspective change! I couldn't write this from anything other than Robbie's point of view. Thanks for reading!

###

Robbie ran his fingers lightly through his hair, trying to faux-casually arrange it into the perfect look, then sighed audibly at his own vanity.

He’d already spent way too much time picking out an outfit – what does one even wear to go hiking? - before finally enlisting his mother’s help. Pilar had laughed and rightly instructed him to wear cool, comfortable clothes that wouldn’t chafe.

“And good shoes, mi amor!” she insisted. “The last thing you want is to have to leave early because you can’t walk any more.”

The fact that he hadn’t thought about comfort at all made Robbie even more nervous about their plans for today. And he really, really wanted today to go well.

It had been two weeks since the disastrous party at Meg Slokin’s lake house, and Robbie had been beating himself up ever since, wracking his brain trying to figure out how to make things up to TJ.

TJ.

Robbie smiled involuntarily, like he usually did when thinking about his tall, quiet classmate. He’d noticed TJ almost immediately when he’d started at the new school. Robbie hadn’t lived in many places with working-class peers, so TJ’s unbranded clothes and un-pomaded hair caught his eye right away.

Unfortunately, it had taken several weeks to learn much more about TJ than he could observe in the hallways. Any classmates he asked (and Robbie tried not to ask too much, lest he come off as stalker-y) had simply shrugged and offered up some version of “He’s nice enough, but I don’t know him too-well.”

Then, by some miracle, TJ had showed up at Robbie’s house. Robbie vaguely knew that his dad had hired someone to redo the pool house, but he’d nearly flipped when the truck door opened and TJ had stepped out. He’d spent all morning coming up with besotted schemes – “reading” by the pool, bringing TJ a drink – anything to get another glimpse of his classmate.

Of course, that day had ended up teaching Robbie more about TJ than he’d been able to learn in the first few weeks of school, but not necessarily in a good way. Eager to show TJ that the upper strata of their classmates weren’t scary, Robbie had concocted a plan to bring him to Meg’s party.

And that had only made things worse.

Robbie had rued his own thoughtlessness. He’d only thought as far as getting TJ to come to the party; he’d made absolutely no effort to make sure TJ was comfortable or taken care of. Not one to give up, Robbie was determined to make sure that this time, TJ was totally at ease, and what better way to do that than to let TJ make the plans?

“Hey!” Robbie had internally cringed at the amount of overly enthusiasm in his tone when he’d met TJ at his locker two days ago, but he’d soldiered forward. “What are you doing this weekend?”

TJ had hesitated, so Robbie kept going. “I figured since we’ve hung out at my house and then gone to a party that I wanted to go to, it’s definitely your turn to pick what to do. So what do you like to do on weekends? If you’re not working.”

Robbie’s heart had been racing, but his smile never wavered. TJ had looked a little baffled at first, but he’d smiled a little bit.

“The weather is supposed to be nice on Saturday, so I was gonna go for a hike,” he’d said, and Robbie lit up.

“Perfect!” He beamed. “I’ve been looking for a way to explore the area a bit more. What time?”

Still looking bemused, TJ filled in some details, and, within seconds, the two boys had made a plan for TJ to pick up Robbie at 2 on Saturday.

It was now 1:45, and Robbie was all but bouncing up and down in anticipation. He was determined that this time, it would be a successful hangout. Something they could look back on as their first real date.

TJ had texted Robbie a few times that morning, which Robbie took as an encouraging sign – just some reminders to put on sunscreen and be hydrated, along with promises to only do as much as Robbie was comfortable with.

It was definitely true that Robbie didn’t have a ton of experience with “hiking,” per se, but he was fit enough. Hiking was just more intense walking, right? And Robbie trusted that TJ didn’t want to push him too hard. Even though Robbie felt like he kind of owed TJ some of his own discomfort at this point…

With expected punctuality, TJ pulled into the driveway right at 2. Robbie wasn’t waiting on the porch, but he still walked outside without waiting for him to come to the door. He hadn’t gotten a chance to meet TJ’s parents, so he didn’t want to impose imbalance in the relationship so soon by making TJ ring the doorbell.

“Hey!” Robbie grinned at he approached the truck. “Thanks for picking me up!”

“Sure.” TJ smiled shyly and slid back into the driver’s seat.

He didn’t say anything else, but Robbie was prepared to lead the conversation. “So where are we going?”

“Well,” TJ began, backing out of the driveway, “I figured since you said you haven’t done much hiking, we’d do Pinehead Trail. It’s not too challenging – no climbing over boulders or anything – but it’s a bit further out of town, so it won’t be as crowded as some of the closer ones.”

Robbie felt his chest warm. TJ had clearly put more thought into this date (it was totally a date) than Robbie did their last one, and he was grateful for the consideration. “Sounds perfect,” he said. “I hope I don’t slow you down too much.”

TJ ducked his chin slightly, but kept his eyes on the road. “I’m sure you’ll be great.”

Sensing that giving the compliment flustered TJ a little bit, Robbie changed the subject. “So you don’t have to work this weekend?”

As Robbie expected, TJ was a little more chatty when it came to talking about work. “Nah. Dad’s in Memphis for a few days at a lighting conference, so I get a bit of a break. But he’s updating the ballroom at the Berken Center this month, so I’ll be out there, helping with flooring next weekend.”

Robbie couldn’t get over how casually TJ talked about fixing things. He had to many skills and so much knowledge, and he didn’t even know it.

“A lighting conference?” he prodded.

TJ let out a half-breath, half-laugh. “It’s not quite as boring as it sounds,” he said, then went on to explain how the presenters and vendors at the conference were a mix of designers, hawking the newest, fanciest gadgets for rich clients and engineers presenting the latest advances in functional lighting and energy saving.

The whole time, Robbie just stared at TJ, aware of just how far gone he was with his crush. He had no personal interest in lighting, but TJ’s explanations were so seamless and casual. Robbie would have listened to him all day.

“So,” TJ continued, unexpectedly turning the conversation back to Robbie, “what made you want to go hiking?”

“Oh!” Robbie shrugged, trying to look less flustered than he felt. He didn’t want to go hiking; he wanted to spend time with TJ. But he didn’t want to say that just yet. Didn’t want to scare him away. “This is maybe the prettiest area we’ve ever lived in, but I’ve still only really seen it from cars and buildings. I thought maybe you could show me how to appreciate it for real.”

Robbie saw TJ’s jaw twitch, and it looked like he was suppressing a smile. “Well, Pinehead has one of my favorite spots in the county, so hopefully that counts.”

Ugh. There was that heat in Robbie’s chest again. TJ was taking him to one of his favorite spots? He was done for.

The boys chatted for the remainder of the 30-minute dive out to the trailhead, and Robbie was pleased with how comparatively talkative TJ was being. He definitely seemed more comfortable today, which, of course, was Robbie’s whole goal.

TJ parked and pulled a bag out of the backseat. Empty, handed, Robbie felt a bit stupid.

“Should I have brought something?”

“Nah.” TJ threw on the backpack and started walking toward the trail entrance. “It’s only a four-mile round trip, so I have everything we need. Water, some snacks, and some extra sunscreen if we decide to hang out for a while.”

Robbie could have swooned. “If we decide to hang out for a while” He was definitely going to count this as their first date.

He followed TJ onto the trail, which, as promised, was fairly smooth and well-marked. It wasn’t too steep, but Robbie definitely noticed that they were headed in an upward direction. His stomach contracted a teeny bit, but they were surrounded by trees as far as the eye could see, so he tried not to worry too much.

“Alright, Lewis and Clark,” Robbie said teasingly as they started the hike, “or some other explorer who wasn’t also the perpetrator of genocide, and I can’t think of one off the top of my head right now…start teaching me!”

TJ turned to the side and actually smiled. “Weren’t you ever a Boy Scout or anything?”

“Nope!” Robbie shrugged, unbothered. “Like I said, we’ve never lived in a place with nature quite as appealing as this, so I never learned anything beyond the basics in science class.”

Shrugging in return, TJ kept walking. “If you want the full nature-boy lesson-“

“Yes!” Robbie interrupted.

TJ smiled even wider, and Robbie reaffirmed his silent commitment to listen to whatever he had to say. “OK, then. Just stop me if you have questions, or if you get tired, or whatever.”

“Yes, scoutmaster!” Robbie beamed and held up four fingers. TJ shook his head and reached over to put down Robbie’s pinky into the proper Boy Scout salute, and Robbie was certain he was about to melt into the forest floor.

It was perfect. The hike – date – was going better than Robbie had let himself hope for. TJ was relaxed, chatty, and absolutely fucking brilliant about absolutely everything along the trail. Robbie felt ignorant in comparison, but he didn’t even care. He was finally getting to spend time alone with TJ Masters, and TJ seemed to be having a great time. Yes, they kept climbing higher, but Robbie could still only see further expanses of trees, so he refused to let himself get anxious.

Robbie was definitely not as experienced of a hiker, but TJ was kind, stopping frequently for water and snack breaks. Robbie was sure their pace wasn’t breaking any records, but at least it was keeping him from wheezing and sweating like an old man in a marathon. It was a decently warm fall day, so, although just standing in the shade felt nice, hiking definitely built up some heat. Robbie had downed a water bottle before leaving (TJ’s texts had told him to stay hydrated!), and he gratefully drank another one that TJ produced from his backpack.

“We’re almost there,” TJ finally said after about 45 minutes. He turned toward Robbie, looking as animated as Robbie had ever seen him. “My favorite spot.”

Practically giddy at TJ’s excitement, Robbie tried to downplay his glee with sarcasm. “Man, if you’re taking me to your murder-cave, I’m gonna be so disappointed.”

TJ laughed and pointed to a smaller, unmarked trail (totally could be a murder cave, Robbie though, but followed him anyway). “I discovered it by accident a couple of years ago, but I swear, it has some of the best views in the state-“

Views? Robbie paused for a millisecond, but TJ kept walking. Robbie continued, drawing in a long, deliberate breath.

It’ll be fine, he insisted mentally. It’ll just be some pretty plants or something.

TJ kept traipsing forward, leading Robbie through the thicker growth. “I couldn’t find any official measurements – like I said, this isn’t, like, a noted place or anything – but I did some estimates of my own, and on a clear day, you can see over 20 miles!”

…over…Robbie felt his breath getting shallow. It’s fine, it’ll only be a minute…

“Here!” TJ stepped into a small clearing and gestured grandly.

He was standing just a few feet from a dropoff that had to be a thousand feet high. Robbie’s heart rate skyrocketed, and he broke out into a cold sweat. He tried to hang back by the trees, but the clearing was maybe only 10 feet wide, which put him way closer to the edge than he was OK with.

TJ was beaming, looking out over the (admittedly) gorgeous scene, but Robbie’s vision started to blur and his limbs were starting to go numb with terror. He knew he had to turn back.

“Hey,” he called, trying to sound casual. TJ turned, and Robbie managed a weak smile – he didn’t want to worry TJ or freak him out or anything - but before he could open his mouth, he felt warmth down the middle of this thighs.

Robbie’s brain wasn’t functioning at full capacity, so his reaction was slow, and, for a second, he just stood, attempting to smile at TJ while simultaneously pissing his pants.

TJ’s excited grin had evaporated, and his faced morphed through multiple configurations, showing confusion, doubt, and then betrayal.

“Are…” TJ’s voice had lost all of the confidence from the hike. “…are you making fun of me?”

Robbie’s mouth dropped open as the weight of TJ’s question hit him like a linebacker. “No!” he gasped breathlessly, “No, I…”

But he didn’t have enough air left to continue. Robbie swayed forward and didn’t even have time to put his hands out to break his fall before TJ was there, wrapping him in strong, sure arms.

It occurred to Robbie that he was still peeing as TJ guided him onto the ground with heartbreaking gentleness. He didn’t have the energy to look around, but he hoped he wasn’t getting any on him.

“I’m…” Robbie breathed. “I’m sor-“

“Shh,” TJ cut him off, but there was no anger in his tone. “Don’t talk. Just breathe.”

“But I-“

“I mean it.” TJ was the very definition of “firm but kind.”

“Just lay back and breathe. I’m going to hold your feet up to get blood flowing back to your head.”

Reluctantly, Robbie did as he was told. He closed his eyes, mostly to help calm down, but also to hold back the sheen of tears that had gathered.

In his self-imposed darkness, Robbie agonized over TJ’s initial reaction. He actually thought Robbie was teasing him, that he’d somehow tricked him into coming up here so he could make fun of his accidents!

Not for the first time that day, Robbie felt like a total idiot. He’d been so concerned with the thought of doing something that TJ liked (and, of course, of getting another shot at a date himself) that he hadn’t really considered how TJ might feel about spending time with a classmate who had now seen him wet his pants twice within the past few weeks.

Robbie’s heart rate had slowed considerably, and laying down definitely helped. He didn’t how long it had been, but he opened his eyes and stared intently at TJ.

“Rest,” TJ ordered, in the manner of a somewhat exasperated nurse. “We’re in no rush.”

“No.” TJ opened his mouth to interrupt, but Robbie talked over him. “I won’t move, I promise, but I can talk.”

TJ made no more moves indicating dissent, so Robbie continued.

“I hate heights,” he said simply. “Like I’m fine with being high up, as long as I don’t see it. So I choose aisle seats on planes, and I don’t look out the windows of tall buildings…”

He felt himself tear up again, but he kept going. “I’m so sorry,” he pleaded. “I wasn’t making fun of you, I’d never-“

“Shut up.”

Robbie blinked, stunned, but TJ didn’t sound annoyed. He was just shaking his head ruefully.

“Of course you weren’t making fun of me. I shouldn’t have accused you.” As he spoke, TJ was breaking apart a granola bar from the bag and handed Robbie a small piece. “I’m not mad at all, so please don’t apologize. I just…” TJ dropped his gaze and trailed off.

Robbie would have walked through fire to erase the look of shame from TJ’s face. He slowly pushed himself up to a seat against the tree TJ had laid him next to. TJ looked on apprehensively, but ultimately allowed the change in position.

“I’m so sorry,” Robbie repeated, despite TJ’s request. TJ was shaking his head, but Robbie couldn’t stop. He was still woozy, which was both strengthening his resolve and lowering his inhibitions.

“All I wanted was to do something that you liked, because everything we’ve done together so far has been awful for you, and that’s not fair, and then I went and ruined your favorite spot, and all I wanted was an amazing first date with a cute guy who-“

Robbie would’ve kept going, but he was cut off by the pressure of TJ’s lips on his.

TJ.

Was.

Kissing.

Him.

Robbie’s eyes widened in shock for a half-second before he closed them and leaned in, savoring the feeling of TJ’s surprisingly soft mouth.

TJ broke off the kiss abruptly, and it took every ounce of Robbie’s self-control not to whine like a child whose favorite toy was snatched away.

He stared at TJ, who looked just as stunned by his own actions as Robbie was. He rubbed his hand across the back of his head, looking sheepish.

Unable to think of anything to say, Robbie just flapped his mouth open and closed like a fish. Finally, TJ looked back up, the corner of his mouth curled into a small grin.

“I think you’re cute, too.”

In no universe did Robbie ever expect that his first kiss with TJ would occur while he was soaked in his own urine, still shaking from a near acrophobia-induce anxiety attack.

But it was perfect.

“So I didn’t ruin everything?” Robbie asked, finally regaining his voice.

TJ shook his head, still looking dazedly bashful, but he straightened up a bit when he looked back at Robbie.

“But we need to think about how we’re gonna get you back to the truck,” he said seriously. “We have plenty of time for you to rest and eat and get your strength back, but…”

TJ looked down at Robbie’s drenched jeans, and Robbie cringed.

“It’s a long walk,” TJ said, almost regretfully, “and-“

“It’ll chafe,” Robbie finished for him, sighing. “Yeah.”

TJ checked his watched, then looked up toward the sky. “We won’t have enough time before it gets dark to just hang out until it dries.”

Robbie shrugged, taking another bite of granola bar. “I’ll live.”

TJ winced sympathetically. “It’ll be really uncomfortable, though, especially tomorrow.”

Still floating from the kiss, Robbie wiggled his eyebrows. “Are you offered to come over tomorrow and minister to my balls?”

“Jesus,” TJ rolled his eyes, and Robbie knew he was going to have a ton of fun teasing him in the future.

“It’ll be fine,” he promised. “I don’t have anything to do tomorrow, so I can just hang out in my room, pantsless.”

TJ looked skeptical, but neither boy could think of a better plan. He forced Robbie to sit for another 20 minutes, eating to replenish his blood sugar, before relenting and agreeing to start their trek back down.

TJ went even more slowly than he had on the way up, sticking close to Robbie’s side the entire time. Robbie relished the proximity and tried to focus on that, rather than his chilled, wet pants and underwear. The chafing was no joke, and Robbie was genuinely sore by the time they reached the truck.

“Do you want anything else to eat?” TJ asked as they finally pulled out on the road.

“No,” Robbie leaned back against the headrest, grateful to no longer be walking. “We’ve got plenty of food at home.”

TJ nodded, but 10 minutes later, pulled into the parking lot of a small shopping center.

“Be right back,” was all he said.

Robbie didn’t question him, and TJ returned holding a small box.

“A&D ointment?” Robbie grimaced, but the warmth in his chest returned at TJ’s caring gesture.

“I figured you wouldn’t have any unless someone in your house had gotten a tattoo recently,” TJ said as he started the car. “You really shouldn’t just use any old lotion.”

Robbie was tired and thoroughly bemused by the events of the afternoon, but he smiled at TJ. “You really do know everything.”

TJ snorted, but his derision was minimal.

By the time they arrived at Robbie’s house, his skin was aching enough that he didn’t feel to awful about the date ending. But he still wanted to ensure another one.

“You’re working next weekend?”

“On Saturday,” TJ clarified, clearly on the same page.

“So you’re free Friday?”

TJ grinned. “Maybe a movie?”

“Perfect,” Robbie smiled, but swallowed a comment about movies being a safe activity. He might be okay with joking about pissing himself, but he didn’t think TJ would be.

Satisfied with their vague plans, Robbie climbed out of the car, clutching the ointment like a priceless gem.

“Thanks for a great date,” he said honestly. “See you Monday.”

TJ smiled back. “See you Monday.”

*021*2019-09-19 01:28

{{On 9/15/2019 at 7:38 AM, KarenGranger said:

Awesome again... these stories are going so great and I LOVED Robbie's point of view. Great story and can't wait for the next. I wonder what will happen then?!

}}

I'm so glad you're enjoying it!

{{On 9/15/2019 at 11:11 AM, Melificentfan said:

I loved Robbie's point of view that was a fantastic part

}}

Thank you! I liked getting to expand Robbie's character a bit :)

{{On 9/16/2019 at 8:10 PM, Spectator9 said:

I was wondering how the two of them could establish their relationship, and this chapter was almost - logical! That rarely happens when someone is writing a pee-story. This is much more than that!

A great story, well told.

}}

Thank you so much!! I do try to make my stories reasonably plausible.

{{On 9/16/2019 at 10:11 PM, AliasnameTO said:

I would have preferred you stuck with TJ, because the shift from scared, shy victim to bold, decisive caretaker powered by his feelings and risks with Robbie would have made an excellent arc.

But regardless, it was beautiful as always. I'll admit it was nice to see the "perfect" Robbie show some insecurity hehe.

}}

You know, I didn't even think of that - how using TJ's point of view would allow me to explore that shift a bit more. I was thinking more about how a what a person thinks of themself might be really different than how they're seen by other people. So Robbie isn't as "cool" as TJ thinks he is, and TJ isn't a "useless" as he sees himself.

{{On 9/17/2019 at 12:26 PM, Pilly said:

I just loved this chapter too!

I was happy to read about Robbie's thoughts as well, and it was cool to see him in wet pants too. And that movie night can be a good possibility as well...

}}

Sorry, darling, we're not going to be exploring the movie night! I only have one scenario idea left, and it's not exactly a smooth transition!

*022*2019-09-22 01:33

I do love these characters. This scenario has nothing to do with continuity, but then again, I never planned this to have multiple parts, anyway. I have no more ideas for these two, so I hope you like this last story!

###

“Hey.”

The sound of Robbie’s voice pulled TJ out of the haze he hadn’t realized he’d fallen into. TJ turned to smile at his boyfriend, marveling that he got to be on the receiving end of the affectionate look on Robbie’s face.

“Already tired?” Robbie teased. “It’s only been a half hour, and we’re supposed to take care of these rug rats all weekend.”

“I’m not a rug rat!” One of the first graders sitting behind Robbie on the bus yelped indignantly, and TJ grinned.

“Oh, yeah?” he teased the boy, leaning out into the aisle. “What are you, then?”

“I’m Batman!”

Both TJ and Robbie burst out laughing at the kid’s growly attempt at an impersonation, and the boy beamed, all rug-rat-based annoyance gone.

TJ turned back to Robbie, still laughing. “I’m good. I just forgot how exhausting it was wrangling all these kids.”

Robbie nodded in agreement, eyes wide. “Who knew that getting 40 elementary school students on a bus was such a challenge?”

“I should have warned you.”

Robbie waved his hand dismissively. “You did.” He grinned at TJ, and TJ let out an involuntary sigh of contentment. “I knew what I was getting into.”

It was a pleasant, early-spring weekend. TJ and Robbie had been officially dating since November and were now reveling in the delightful period of adoring each other and hanging out as much as possible before they really started facing the fact that they’d be graduating soon and would have to confront not being together nearly every day.

In the spirit of that emotional revelry, TJ had invited Robbie to join him as a volunteer on his yearly youth church retreat. TJ’s church took their elementary school parishoners to a retreat center, about an hour away, for a weekend of singing, crafts, and other tangentially-religious activities. TJ had attended as a child, and, for the past few years, he’d volunteered as a youth leader. Unwilling to spend an entire weekend away from Robbie, TJ had been delighted when he’d agreed to come along.

Now, they were both sitting toward the front of the bus, on opposite sides of the aisle. Though not exact, the retreat participants were generally arranged in order of increasing age, with the first graders sitting behind Robbie and TJ and the fifth graders occupying the seats in the back. TJ had told Robbie that they didn’t have to share seats with the kids, but he wanted them both to sit on the aisle, so they could be readily available.

The bus was an old school bus, with flat, bench seats. There were seat belts installed, but TJ was pretty sure that most of the kids hadn’t bothered putting them on. It had been a hard enough battle making sure that the kids stuck to sitting two per bench.

They weren’t long into the drive – despite what he’d said, the actual loading of the bus hadn’t taken too long – so they still had a little over 45 minutes to go. The bus was filled with cheerful chatter, but nothing overly loud or obnoxious.

Leaning back against the seat again, TJ allowed himself to become a bit distracted again. He hadn’t lied to Robbie, of course – loading the bus had been chaotic – but he was also focusing a little bit on his own body. Much to his own chagrin, TJ had to pee. It wasn’t bad, but he knew there was nothing he could do about it on the bus, a fact that made him more anxious than it would have a year ago.

He was fine. His need wasn’t urgent at all, but wetting yourself twice in a matter of weeks as an 18-year-old sticks with a guy.

It wasn’t even that he was worried about what Robbie would think. Over the course of the academic year, as he and Robbie had gotten to know each other, TJ had been more than a little surprised to find out how much they had in common. They were both problem-solvers, unwilling to just sit back in the face of a challenge. Granted, TJ’s skills were much more tangible and functional – first aid, navigating, and, obviously, building and engineering. In contrast, Robbie was a negotiator, a comforter, with social and verbal skills that TJ still marveled at.

It was quite a good match, really. In most given situations, TJ could fix things and Robbie could fix people.

With that thought, TJ smiled reflexively to himself. He loved and trusted TJ, and the gratitude he felt for this weekend they were about to spend together relaxed him momentarily.

That relaxation was abruptly shattered by a bone-rattling clap of thunder.

TJ jumped in his seat, and several children screamed. He wasn’t surprised to hear Robbie instantly respond with light, calming words.

TJ looked out the front window, and his stomach sank. Some of the darkest storm clouds he’d even seen loomed ahead, directly in their path. He pulled out his phone and quickly examined the forecast – sure enough, there was a bright red line of storms across the highway. The system wasn’t wide, thank goodness, but it looked rough.

The pastor was speaking in low tones to the bus driver, who was assuring him that it would be safe to drive through. TJ agreed with that assessment. It wouldn’t be fun, but the highway they were on wasn’t in a flood zone, so, as long as they went slowly, they weren’t at risk to get washed away.

Of course, the 40 or so six-to-eleven-year-olds on the bus might not feel quite as comforted.

Robbie locked eyes with TJ, who shrugged and nodded to communicate yes, they’d be going forward. Robbie nodded back, then stood in the middle of the aisle.

“Friends!” he called in a voice that was miraculously loud without ever being harsh. “I know that was some really loud thunder, and those clouds look scary, but we have the best bus driver in the whole world, and we are totally safe.”

All of the kids, both those teasing and those who were genuinely scared, had quieted at the sound of Robbie’s voice, so he continued.

“We’re gonna slow down a little bit when we get into the rain –“ In fact, rain was already starting to slap against the bus windows “- but we will get to Sunrise Acres really soon!”

Robbie had barely sat back down (the pastor smiled his thanks) when a small voice piped up.

“Mister TJ?”

TJ turned to see little Batman (whose real name was Davis) staring at him with wide eyes. “Can…can we sit with you? Me and Auggie don’t like thunderstorms.”

“Of course, buddy.” TJ could practically feel Robbie’s admiring gaze on him as he stood and shifted back to sit between the boys.

“Us, too!” Another pair of kids from across the aisle requested, and Robbie imitated TJ’s move to join the young boys.

The sky had darkened sharply, and rain lashed loudly against the bus. Cars in front of them had slowed, their hazard lights flashing red. Thunder, though not quick as loud as the first crack, boomed sporadically. They were going well below the speed limit, and TJ and Robbie both had first graders snuggled against their sides.

TJ squirmed slightly. The initial crash of thunder had snapped his nerves into high alert, which was not good for his bladder. Now, knowing that not only would their trip take substantially longer, but that he was functionally stuck in his seat, unable to do much to alleviate any urgency, TJ felt a lot worse about his chances than he had ten minutes ago.

“You OK?” Though quiet, Robbie’s question reached TJ in the now-quiet bus.

Attempting a smile, TJ turned to his boyfriend. He knew he couldn’t lie; just the fact that Robbie was asking in that tone meant that he’d already noticed TJ’s discomfort.

“I’m…a little disappointed that the trip is gonna take longer,” he explained vaguely.

Robbie’s shoulders slumped in sympathy, and TJ knew he’d gotten his point across. He felt his face warm with the veiled admission. He felt stupid and childish – he was fine, he knew he should be able to hold it for the rest of the ride, and nothing in Robbie’s response had given any indication of disgust or embarrassment.

Still, TJ felt his muscles tense slowly. He’d never explicitly discussed his accidents with Robbie, not even after Robbie had wet himself while hiking (TJ still felt awful). They were dating, so clearly Robbie wasn’t that bothered, but TJ couldn’t help but question himself now. Just the knowledge that it could happen, that wetting himself was far within the realm of possibility, made him feel nervous and unsteady.

There was a bright flash of lightning, followed by a near-simultaneous crash of thunder. Davis squeaked, and he and Auggie buried their faces under TJ’s arms. TJ looked across the aisle and saw that Robbie was in virtually the exact same pose.

TJ wasn’t sure how far they’d gone. It was too dark to recognize any of the landmarks around them, so he could only hope that they’d get through the storm soon. He pressed his legs together, frustrated at how much his need had grown over such a short time.

Staring forward, TJ thought he could see a tiny bit of light on the horizon, signaling that they were nearing the back edge of the storm system. He didn’t know how fast the clouds were moving, but the bus was traveling at about 25 miles per hour (much slower than the posted 65-mile-per-hour speed limit), and TJ estimated they only had about ten more minutes before the rain started to let up.

He was just about to tell Davis and Auggie that they were getting close when the loudest thunderclap yet shook the bus. Auggie – and half the kids on the bus, it sounded like – shrieked, and Davis started to cry.

Robbie, whose charges were huddled but comparatively calm, glanced over at TJ, who started rubbing Davis’ back.

“It’s OK, bud,” he murmured. “We’re almost out of the storm. You’re safe, I promise.”

Davis sniffled and mumbled something against TJ’s side.

“What was that, bud?”

Davis sniffled again, but lifted his face out of TJ’s shirt. “The thunder made me pee my pants,” he whispered, voice shaking.

TJ looked down and realized that he could feel wetness against the side of his leg. The sensation only worsened his own desperation, but he made sure not to show his discomfort to the boys.

“That’s OK,” he assured Davis quietly. “Thunder can be scary sometimes.”

Davis wiped his nose on the collar of his shirt and nestled under TJ’s arm.

“We’ll get you cleaned up when we get to the cabins,” TJ promised, squeezing his own thigh muscles as discreetly as possible.

Davis didn’t respond, so TJ just sighed quietly and sat back. He’d been right before; they were definitely close to coming out of the storm. The rain had lessened slightly, and TJ felt the bus speed up a little. Some of the older kids in the back had already noticed the decreased tension and had picked up some more casual conversations.

TJ breathed a sigh of relief a few minutes later when they officially crossed out of the storm. Driving out from under the clouds was like going from night to day. He felt Auggie straighten a bit beside him, though Davis kept leaning against his side.

He made eye contact with Robbie, who raised his eyebrows in a silent question of how TJ was doing. TJ raised and lowered one shoulder. He was definitely uncomfortable, but tried to convince himself that he’d be OK now that the bus was driving the speed limit again.

“Another half hour, guys!” the pastor called, resulting in a semi-sarcastic cheer from some of the students.

TJ shifted his hips. “What’s the plan when we get there?”

The pastor looked at his watch. “It’ll be nearly time for dinner by the time we get there – much closer than we intended, obviously. I think we’ll take the group straight to the dining hall and let the retreat staff supervise. We’ll sort out the bags and take them to their respective cabins.”

Nodding, TJ looked down at Davis, who was doing a poor job of pretending not to listen. “We might have a few kids who want to change before dinner,” he said, trying to be tactful.

The pastor leaned into the aisle a little and seemed to realize what TJ was implying. “No problem,” he said. “I’ll have Nurse Laurie take any kids who need it to change in the med building before dinner.”

TJ felt himself relax the slightest bit. He, Robbie, the pastor, and a few other high school volunteers were the only “grown-ups” on the bus, but there was a caravan following them with other parents and church staff. And that meant that TJ might not have to be wholly responsible for the kids and their stuff when they got to the retreat center.

Holding onto the thought that he could more or less run to a bathroom as soon as they arrived, TJ clenched his muscles to prepare for the remainder of the trip. Robbie gave him some comforting looks, but they didn’t talk much, as none of the first graders next to them seemed to be willing to let them return to their original seats.

Thankfully, the rest of the trip went as smoothly as possible. The sun was on its way down by the time they pulled onto the retreat center property, but it was still plenty light out to see all of the buildings.

“Now listen!” the pastor called as the bus pulled into the parking lot next to the dining hall. “We’re gonna go straight in to dinner. Please go to the bathroom to wash your hands first, and then we’ll pray before we eat. Volunteers, please make sure anyone who needs it goes with Nurse Laurie to the med building, which is right over there.” He pointed out the window to the smaller building next to the dining hall.

The ride had been tense, and virtually every passenger stood up as soon as the bus parked. Robbie looked eagerly at TJ, who was standing very stiffly. He desperately wanted to be able to hold himself but didn’t dare until all the kids were gone.

Sitting at the front meant they got to be some of the first ones off the bus, which helped. TJ clenched his jaw as he climbed down the steep bus steps, and nearly groaned when he felt himself leak. He quickly pushed aside the shameful sensation and looked around, still holding Davis’ hand.

The adults from the cars behind them were already pulled luggage from the storage spaces under the bus and sorting it into piles. Smiling retreat staff were waiting off to the side, ready to usher the group into the dining hall. TJ spotted the nurse and led his little friend over to her.

Nurse Laurie, who TJ knew from pretty much all his previous trips to this retreat, smiled and took Davis’ hand. “Hi, buddy! We’ll get you ready for dinner in no time.” She turned to TJ. “Can you find his bag?”

TJ was nodding before he could even consider the implications of the extra minutes it would take to find Davis’ luggage and bring it to the nurse. He wouldn’t have said no, of course, but he really didn’t have any time to spare.

Next to the bus, Robbie had already joined the luggage-identification process. TJ felt a surge of affection for his boyfriend. Robbie wasn’t just tagging along to spend time with him; he was really helping out in any way he could.

Robbie smiled encouragingly, if concernedly, as TJ approached. In response, TJ could only manage a slight grimace. He needed to go so badly, and not being able to physically hold himself was agonizing.

“Just go,” Robbie whispered.

Nearly tearing up at his boyfriend’s concern, TJ shook his head. “I need to get Batman’s bag.”

“I’ll get it,” Robbie insisted. “His last name is Holland, right? Just go. We’ve got this.”

Overwhelmed with gratitude, TJ considered kissing Robbie, but decided against it. Instead, he jogged off toward the volunteer cabin.

As he rounded a corner, TJ grasped frantically at his crotch. He’d chosen this route in an instant, knowing that there would be lines in the dining hall bathrooms and, this way, he could hold himself and be much less likely to be seen.

TJ stumbled through the door of the familiar cabin, fruitlessly trying to hold back the leaks that were springing against his hand. He slammed open the door to the bathroom, but it was too late. Being out of sight of everyone else and in sight of a bathroom, was too much, and his bladder gave out entirely.

Moaning unconsciously, TJ curled forward. Streams of warm liquid snaked down both of his legs, pooling on the old, tile floor. The toilet was right in front of him, but the shame of having already wet himself was paralyzing, and he made no effort to move in front of the bowl.

The entire cabin was silent, save for the sound of a few final drips of urine trickling onto the floor from TJ’s wet pants. He drew in a deep, shaky breath before reaching for the paper towel dispenser.

His movements were almost robotic. He felt completely empty, not just physically, but emotionally. He didn’t cry, or even tear up. He was the Tin Man, his bladder and his chest utterly hollow.

TJ wiped up the puddle on the floor, even going so far as to wet some paper towels in the sink and run them over the tile to try to clean any stickiness. Once the floor was cleaned, however, he stopped.

Standing in the middle of the bathroom, wet pants clinging to his legs, TJ realized that he couldn’t do anything else. His bag was still back with the bus, so he couldn’t change, and he certainly wasn’t going to risk going out to find it. Not looking like this.

Shoulders slumped, TJ slunk outside. The sun hadn’t completely set yet, but the east side of the building was shadowed. TJ slid down against the outer wall of the building, burying his head in his arms.

“Teej?”

Robbie’s voice came from inside the cabin, and it occurred to TJ that he hadn’t shut the front door behind him. Rude.

Before he had time to respond, Robbie appeared around the side of the building.

“Hey,” Robbie murmured, joining him on the ground.

“I had an accident.” TJ wasn’t quite sure why he felt the need to say that out loud. Robbie knew the situation, and it was still plenty light enough for him to see the stain all down TJ’s pants.

Robbie was silent for a moment, and TJ looked up to see his boyfriend gazing at him with a look of unadulterated tenderness. He opened his mouth to say something, but TJ spoke first.

“I know,” he promised, anticipating what Robbie was going to say. “I’m not…I know you don’t care. I know you’re not gonna break up with me or think I’m gross or…”

TJ trailed off. He wasn’t as good with words as Robbie, and he couldn’t quite describe what he was feeling.

After a moment, Robbie spoke softly. “I’m glad you know that.” He had the barest of smiles on his face. “It means I’ve done something right this year.”

TJ’s lips twitched, but he was still feeling to empty to smile properly.

Robbie reached out and brushed the back of TJ’s hand lightly. “So what can I do?”

TJ tilted his head to the side, and Robbie took the signal to scoot closer, his shoulder pressed against TJ’s. TJ leaned over, resting his cheek against the top of Robbie’s head.

“I don’t know if you can,” he said honestly. Robbie squeezed his hand, but didn’t say anything, so TJ continued. “I know you don’t care,” he repeated, “but I’ve…I’ve pissed myself three times now.”

His voice started to shake, and he inhaled to steady it. “It’s not just in front of you. It’s that I’ve done it at all.”

TJ finally felt himself start to tear up. “I’m eighteen, damnit. I’m not supposed to be wetting myself at all, much less three whole times, dead sober, awake…”

Verbalizing his accumulated shame from the past several months made TJ feel like his sternum was cracking in half. Robbie shifted even closer, holding TJ’s hand between both of his.

“I don’t like it,” TJ said, “and I don’t know if I can feel better right now, because I’m an 18-year-old guy who’s pissed himself three times since September, and…”

He sighed, learning into Robbie. “I don’t like it.”

Robbie was still quiet, gently stroking TJ’s hand. TJ felt drained, even though he hadn’t spoken that much.

“OK.”

TJ was too tired to sit up, but he wrinkled his eyebrows at Robbie’s simple statement. “What?”

“OK,” Robbie repeated. He turned his head to kiss TJ’s shoulder. “I won’t try to talk you out of being upset, but I will stay with you and do whatever I can to keep you from feeling worse.”

Now, TJ did sit up, almost awed, but Robbie’s face was utterly guileless. “You…how…”

Robbie’s eyes sparkled with affection. “Teej, you know if I had my way, you’d never be sad, ever, but that’s not how life works. So I will be here in whatever capacity you want me to, but I’m not going to deny you your right to be unhappy.”

Now, the tears filling TJ’s eyes were ones of love and gratitude rather than humiliation. He pressed his forehead against Robbie’s, unable to verbally express how perfect Robbie’s support was in that moment.

The pair stayed like that for a few minutes, Robbie keeping his promise to do whatever TJ needed him to. Finally, TJ drew in a deep breath and raised his head.

“I have to change,” he mumbled.

Robbie nodded, kissed TJ quickly, then pushed himself up so he could help TJ to his feet. They walked into the cabin, where Robbie had brought both his and TJ’s bags from the bus.

TJ grabbed his bag and headed toward the bathroom. “You go ahead to dinner. I think I’m gonna jump in the shower.”

He gave Robbie a half-smile, signaling that he was okay enough to be left alone. “See you down there?”

Robbie smiled, but didn’t move. “No way. I’m gonna wait right here, and we’ll go down together.”

TJ paused in the doorway of the bathroom, then grinned.

“OK.”

He shut the door behind him, still smiling.

Together.

