2 girls, 1 exam (PEE AND POOP DESPERATION)

Author: Sly13093010

*000*2025-02-10 11:27

Chloe was trying to focus on her science test, but her body was screaming for attention. She hadn't used the bathroom all day, and now, twelve agonizing hours later, her bladder was at its breaking point, pushing against her tight school uniform skirt. The waistband dug into her swollen abdomen, her lower belly bulging slightly under the pressure. Every second dragged on as the test questions blurred in front of her eyes, overshadowed by the pulsing, urgent need radiating from her bladder and bowels.

Her legs were tightly crossed under the desk, a poor attempt to hold back the flood. She could feel the damp warmth building between her thighs, the thin cotton of her panties clinging to her sensitive skin, as her bladder quivered. Beneath her buttocks, the firm seat of the chair only made the fullness more unbearable, every tiny movement sending sharp waves of desperation up her spine. Her panties, pale pink with a soft lace trim, pressed uncomfortably between her thighs. They were soaked with sweat, clinging to her private parts as she clenched her muscles tighter and tighter, desperate not to leak.

Finally, the bell rang. Chloe bolted up, barely suppressing a whimper as her bladder shifted dangerously. Her knees buckled slightly as she shuffled out of the classroom, each step a battle to keep the torrent from escaping. As she reached the door of the girls’ restroom, a cramp hit her lower abdomen, causing her to double over with a soft gasp. The toilet was only a few feet away now, but her body had reached its limit.

Chloe yanked her skirt up, fingers trembling as she struggled to pull down her panties. The moment they slipped below her knees, the dam burst. Her pee gushed out with a furious hiss, a long, forceful stream splattering into the toilet bowl. The release was overwhelming, her front gushing wildly like a cannon as her body shook with the intensity. Her chest heaved as she let out a soft, breathless moan, relief washing over her.

Her legs were shaking as the pee continued to pour out, a steady, roaring stream that refused to let up. For three minutes, Chloe sat there, helpless as her bladder emptied. Finally, the torrent slowed, and she sighed in exhausted relief. But it wasn't over. A sharp pressure in her bowels reminded her of the other need she had been suppressing.

Without warning, a few logs of mushy poop slipped out of her, splattering messily into the toilet. Her stomach clenched again, and more followed, uncontrollable now that she had lost all composure. The sound of her mess hitting the water was mortifying, and Chloe bit her lip to keep from whimpering in embarrassment.

Her panties were crumpled around her ankles, damp and wrinkled from the long struggle. As she sat there, panting from the ordeal, she was too exhausted to feel anything but shame.

Ashlyn sat rigid at her desk, her mind entirely disconnected from the science test in front of her. Like Chloe, she hadn't been able to relieve herself all day, and now her body was screaming for mercy. Her bladder felt like it was going to explode, painfully swollen under her school uniform. The waistband of her pleated skirt bit into her lower belly, pressing cruelly against her overfull bladder. Every slight movement made her wince, her thighs clenched tightly together beneath the desk, trying to hold back the inevitable.

Ashlyn's foot tapped anxiously against the floor, her legs trembling as she bit her lip to stifle a groan. Her panties—soft, lilac-colored, and made of thin cotton—were damp with sweat and pressed uncomfortably against her aching pussy. She could feel her control slipping, the constant throbbing of her bladder sending sharp, urgent waves of desperation through her lower body.

As the test continued, Ashlyn shifted her weight from side to side, crossing and uncrossing her legs in an attempt to alleviate the unbearable pressure. Her hands, trembling, kept reaching down to her lap, where she pressed her fingers against her skirt, holding herself tightly as if that could stop the flood threatening to burst free. Her lips quivered as she tried to keep her breathing steady, but the pressure was too much.

A sudden cramp tore through her abdomen, and Ashlyn doubled over slightly, her eyes widening in panic. She clenched her muscles as tightly as she could, feeling the first tiny leak escape into her panties. The warm liquid dampened the fabric, and she gasped, quickly pressing her thighs together in a desperate attempt to stop it.

With the bell signaling the end of the test, Ashlyn bolted upright, but the sudden movement caused her bladder to spasm again. She bit back a soft whimper as she shuffled hurriedly out of the classroom, one hand discreetly pressing between her legs. Her shoes, polished leather flats, squeaked slightly against the floor as she scurried toward the bathroom, each step sending a new wave of pressure crashing over her.

By the time she reached the bathroom door, Ashlyn’s desperation had reached its peak. She could feel more leaks escaping, wetting the gusset of her panties, the dampness spreading across the fabric. Her legs were shaking uncontrollably now, and she could feel the urine beginning to trickle down her thighs, threatening to completely ruin her uniform.

With trembling hands, Ashlyn grabbed the handle of the bathroom stall, her heart pounding as she tried to keep control. She knew Chloe was still inside, but she couldn’t wait much longer. Her bladder was about to give out, and she was on the verge of a full accident, right there in the hallway.

Ashlyn stood outside the bathroom stall, her body trembling as she desperately shifted from foot to foot. Her bladder felt like it was going to burst, and she could feel the dampness in her panties spreading with each passing second. Chloe was still inside, and Ashlyn's panic was rising fast—she knew she wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer.

"Please hurry..." she whispered under her breath, squeezing her thighs together as tightly as she could, her knees buckling under the intense pressure. The slight trickle she had managed to hold back moments ago had returned, and she could feel more warm liquid escaping. It seeped into her lilac panties, the damp fabric clinging uncomfortably to her skin. She gasped, her breath hitching in her throat as a small spurt of urine forced its way out, soaking the crotch of her underwear.

Finally, the stall door swung open, and Chloe hurried past without making eye contact, her face flushed with embarrassment. Ashlyn barely noticed, her vision blurring as she staggered into the stall and slammed the door shut behind her. Her shaking hands fumbled with the button of her skirt, but the release was coming whether she was ready or not.

"No, no, not yet," she whimpered, tugging frantically at her waistband. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable now, her muscles straining to keep everything inside. Just as she managed to pull her skirt down to her knees, the floodgates opened.

A forceful stream of pee erupted from her, spraying uncontrollably through her panties before she could yank them down. She gasped, half in shock and half in desperate relief, as the urine gushed out of her, soaking the cotton fabric completely and splashing noisily onto the floor. Ashlyn’s body trembled violently as her bladder finally gave way, the warm liquid pouring out of her like a broken dam.

Her knees buckled, and she slumped down onto the toilet seat, but the stream continued unabated, hissing loudly as it soaked through her panties and dripped down her thighs. The sensation was overwhelming, her body releasing with such force that she could do nothing but sit there, panting, as the relief washed over her in waves. Her pee continued to flow in a long, powerful stream, splattering onto the toilet bowl and running down her legs, pooling at her feet.

After what felt like an eternity, the stream finally began to slow, but Ashlyn was far from done. Her body, now completely relaxed after the intense desperation, gave in to the pressure in her bowels. With a soft, helpless moan, she felt her stomach clench, and a few soft logs of mushy poop slipped out of her, settling messily into her soaked panties. She gasped again, her face burning with shame, but there was no stopping it now. More poop followed, her body releasing in fits and starts, filling her underwear with a soft, warm mess.

Ashlyn's chest heaved as she sat there, completely overwhelmed by the sensation of relief mixed with utter humiliation. Her panties were a disaster, clinging to her skin, soaked through with both urine and poop. She glanced down at the mess she had made, tears of embarrassment welling up in her eyes as the reality of the situation hit her

