Diaries of Desperation: Ally’s showdown

Author: sammilove

*000*2020-06-06 20:55

Act 1: The Setup

Ally was describing her first days account as a pharmacist. Emily promptly calls her out on her tiny bladder and offers her a duel of holding. Winner gets the weekend off.

“Yeah, it was a rush. I haven’t experienced anything like it since I was at a theme park.” Said Ally.

“So you enjoyed it huh?” Asked Emily.

“Oh for sure. Best first day ever.”

“Well good. So there’s some work stuff I need to go over with you. Can you come over to my place tomorrow after work?”

“I can. I take it we can’t do it at the store?”

“I’d rather not...it’s a lot to cover.”

“That’s fine. I can just follow you home when we get off.”

“Perfect.”

Ally hung up the phone. It was rather unusual to discuss work stuff outside of the building, especially if it involved patient data. But Ally wasn’t too concerned. She really enjoyed catching up with Emily, especially outside of work. And she knew if it was a serious matter, it would be dealt with at work, not at the comfort of her home.

Ally always had looked up to Emily. Without her help, Ally wouldn’t be where she is today. Even though Emily was a few years older, they had a very close relationship. She had helped her with school, mentored at work, consoled her during the worst breakup of her life, and not to mention she’s the one who hired her. The amount of respect Ally felt for her was beyond immeasurable.

The next day was relatively uneventful. Ally tried to pry Emily about the meeting tonight but she wouldn’t budge. Not one peep about it. So much so she’d even change the subject or just chuckle and pretend to not know what Ally was talking about.

6 P.M.

“Hey Ally! You ready to go?”

“Yeah sure. Care if I run to the bathroom first?”

“Only if you don’t wanna ride with me.” Said Emily as she gave her a look of sadness.

“Ugh. Fine. I’ll grab my stuff.” Sighed Ally.

Ally was still feeling that immense hold from a day before. It had stretched and weakened her bladder more than she thought. She was nowhere near emergency levels or even discomfort but she could feel it. The 15 minute drive was very uneventful. Emily’s house was in a gated neighborhood. Ally was impressed. She had never seen it in the daylight.

“Okay weakling, you can go to the bathroom now.” Stated Emily as she opened the side door.

Ally slowly turned and gave off a look of disgust. “I’m sorry I’ve got a tiny bladder. If I could change it, I would in a heartbeat.” Little did she know, that’s exactly what Emily intended to do to her.

The two settled in to the living room. The house was theirs for the rest of the night. Emily’s husband was going out of town for work.

“Here’s the water you asked for, Ally.”

“Uh...I didn’t but I’ll take it. I’m dying of thirst.”

“Oh, I thought you did. Well I’ll grab ya another one since I’m up still. I’ll also get the good stuff too.”

Emily returned shortly with two large glasses of water and a huge bottle of wine. Ally wasn’t a huge wine drinker but she was feeling it today. The wine was poured and they both downed the first glass almost immediately.

“Okay, that’s good stuff.” Stated Ally.

Emily chuckled, “Theres more where that came from. I have another bottle in the fridge if you want it.”

“Maybe, this tastes awfully good. And besides, aren’t we doing work stuff?”

“Well, sorta. Your experience the other day, what would you do if it happened again?”

“Uhhh. I haven’t thought about it but I guess I’d grit my teeth and bear through it until I can get to a bathroom.”

“But I thought you said you enjoyed it?”

“I did. It was a rush I’ve not experienced in awhile.”

“So why don’t WE do it again? Right here, right now.”

“Uh what...like a game or something?” The look on Ally’s face was disbelief. Was her boss asking her to hold her pee? Was this really happening? It can’t be true. Ally had never fathomed this. Hell, she still hadn’t even processed her near-accident entirely yet.

“Exactly! Sara and I would occasionally use it to see who would get the weekend off. Sara always lost. Up for it?” Asked Emily.

“I mean...sure? It doesn’t sound like I have a choice in this do I?”

“Of course you do. You can get in my car and I’ll take you to your car and pretend this didn’t happen. I won’t be upset with you. I promise. I just thought you’d want some excitement and a new goal now that schools finished.”

“You know me too well. So, how do we do this?”

The enormous smile on Emily’s face worried Ally. She was going to get destroyed. But she wasn’t even sure how this would all work. But she was beyond ecstatic to try this and see where it goes.

End of Act 1

Thanks for reading this far! Hopefully this is a good intro for what’s to come! I’ve really enjoyed writing this story so far and hope to continue it into a whole series. Feel free to send suggestions. (Act 1-3 is already written though and won’t be changed except for grammatical errors.)

- Sammi

*001*2020-06-07 15:08

“It goes like this. We both go pee now. Then, we drink the same amount of liquids and wait 15-20 Minutes, your call on this part, then we drink the same amount again. We do this a total of THREE times to speed things up from a few hours to just over 1 1/2 hours usually. The “game” ends when someone either caves and goes to the bathroom or someone has an accident. Any questions?” Asked Emily

“Yeah. It’s not fair you get to do this in sweats and a t-shirt while I’m stuck in my nice work clothes!” Exclaimed Ally.

“Oh, I’m sure I’ve got something you can change into. It would be such a shame if you ruined your good work clothes without even getting a big girl paycheck to buy more.”

“Yeah yeah, keep talking. I’ll save my words to be said by my bladder.”

“Oh, I didn’t know your weak little bladder could stand up for itself.”

Fuck. The two went from friends to enemies in under a second. Emily was much more competitive over this than Ally was and she was determined to win, no matter what. I mean, how much could Ally really hold? They were both getting ready to find out. Emily went into her bedroom and picked out a pair of sweats and tank top for Ally but she was on her own for underwear.

The two made their way to the bathroom to empty themselves. Ally insisted Emily go first, afterall, the house was hers. What might have been a polite gesture to most, Ally was using it to try and listen to how long her opponent peed for. Emily knew that and turned the stereo on high on while she peed.

Emily exited pretty shortly after entering which meant it was Ally’s turn. But she peed when she got there almost 30 minutes ago. No way she had to pee yet. She tried and tried to make herself go but it was to no avail. No matter how focused she was on peeing, her body said no. She was already empty.

Ally exited the bathroom to be greeted by Emily holding two big glasses of water.

“Fifteen or Twenty minute intervals?” Asked Emily.

“Uhhh...Twenty?” Answered Ally.

They both downed the water rather quickly and made their way to living room. It was about 30 feet from the closest bathroom, which happened to up a half-flight of stairs. The next was the basement or the master bathroom. Both of those were “locked” according to Emily.

The two chatted about work and friends and before you knew it, fee timer went off stating it had been 20 minutes already. Emily quickly got up and refilled the glasses. Again, they both downed them pretty quickly. The two resumed the conversation and before either of them knew it, the timer dinged again.

“Whew, that time flew by. Feel anything?” Asked Emily.

“I feel something but I’m good for awhile still. You?”

“Probably 3/10. Maybe 3.5. Is this the last round we drink or shall do one more? It’ll speed things up if your ready to do this.”

“No, last round. I want to see what this feels like while I can. I’d rather feel it here than say, work.”

“You act like I’d excuse you to go too. Just because you gotta pee doesn’t excuse you from filling patient’s prescriptions. Some of them need the medicine more than you need to go.”

Ally didn’t know how to respond. She never heard her boss say anything of the sort. It was very, very obvious her boss took pleasure in this. Well, two can play this game.

“Yeah, you’re right. It would be shame if someone had an accident at a computer.” Said Ally.

“Wouldn’t be the first time.” Said Emily.

Again, Ally was blown away. What all has happened when she hasn’t been paying attention? She thought that meant termination. What else hadn’t her boss told her? But that would have to wait. Just then, her timer went off again.

“Time to drink again.”

“But I thought we stopped?” Ally said with a shakey voice.

“Wrong.”

Well fuck. Allys bladder was starting to fill. She could feel it building. Not strong but she didn’t know how much more she could hold. She was nowhere near desperate or even shaken by it yet but she was concerned. Emily returned with the next glass. Ally took the glass but hesitated to drink it as quick as before. She finished it it but Emily saw how slowly she did. She knew she could beat her.

Another 20 minutes and the timer went off once again. This time, Emily said no more water. Ally wondered how badly her opponent had to pee or if she was trying to gauge her reaction. Either way, she didn’t want to sound thrilled about it.

“Oh dang, I was actually kinda thirsty this time.” Said Ally.

“Oh, I’ll be right back with a glass for you then!” Said Emily as she quickly scurried to the kitchen for a refill.

“What did I just do” is the only thing Ally could think of. “I screwed up. She’s gonna make me drink it all and I’m gonna lose.” She couldn’t stop thinking that. Her need to pee was growing. It was almost to the point where she would go normally. But with all the water in her, it wouldn’t be long. She couldn’t help but wonder how Emily was faring.

Emily returned with a full glass, as promised. Ally noticed she had a slight bend at her waist that wasn’t there before.

“How’s it going over there?” Asked Ally.

“Oh, you know, winning this game. You?” asked Emily.

“Probably losing but I’m confident.”

Ally knew Emily was further along then she thought. Probably the same, if not more than herself. Or at least her mannerisms were making it seem that way. She felt a wave of confidence overwhelm her. She might have a chance afterall.

*003*2020-06-09 16:07

Emily was second guessing her strength. It had been so long since she held against someone. Her need was easily a 6/10. Ally was showing no signs she needed to pee, only a shakey voice. Which could be from many things. Emily hadn’t lost this game since her days as intern in college many years ago. Coincidentally, her old boss was very much about this game. Most time off requests and vacations off were settled like this amongst the female Pharmacists. It’s probably what spurred her fetish. She never heard of any of them having full on accidents, well except for herself. She couldn’t help but remind herself of the shame she felt and how she’d never lose again.

Ally was really feeling the water. Her stomach was starting to ache. She could feel the water building up. It felt like it was building faster and faster by the minute. She didn’t want to lose. And she definitely didn’t want to work this weekend. She glanced over at Emily and seemed to catch her doing a little pee dance. Ally was feeling pretty good now.

Emily was suffering. She drank too much at work and didn’t get it all out before they started. She was sure of it. But if she said that, Ally would call her a liar. She was starting to become uncomfortable from it. She knew Ally couldn’t make it much longer but she was starting to worry more about her self control. She was starting to fidget more and more and was praying Ally wouldn’t catch her.

“Was that a pee dance I just saw?!” Exclaimed Ally.

“Uhhh yeah...but I’m fine. You’re going down.” Stated Emily.

“You don’t look fine. All that pee must be taking it’s toll on your control. You’ve been fidgety for awhile now. It’s not that easy to hide that when we’re sitting beside each other...”

Emily was screwed. Ally knew. The only question was how screwed? What was Ally at? Was she near her or was she still far off? The only thing she knew was her pants had a strong possibility of being soaked.

“Don’t feel bad, Emily. I’m starting to really feel it too. It’s becoming uncomfortable for me too. But I’m sure your more focused on hiding it than staying dry. Me, on the other hand, don’t care if I’m obvious trying to stay dry. Who is gonna see me besides you?” Stated Ally.

Okay. Maybe she wasn’t so screwed. Ally was just better at hiding it. She still didn’t think she had much more time left in her. She was already at 7 and they were only 1 hour and 15 minutes into it. Ally said she was around a 6 so maybe, just maybe Ally will cave in and go thought Emily.

Ally wasn’t going down. Her bladder was starting to bulge ever so slightly. She was probably at a 7/10 she guess. She wasn’t even sure what the scale meant but 10/10 must mean you’re peeing uncontrollably and 1/10 must mean no feeling. She had maybe another 40 minutes in her.

“Fuck!!” Shouted Emily.

“What’s wrong!?”

“Nothing. I’m fine.”

“That didn’t sound fine to me.” said Ally.

“I AM FINE ALLY!” Snapped Emily.

Emily definitely was not fine. A jolt of pee escaped and shot into her panties. She was starting to sweat. It took everything in her to not bury her hands between her thighs and run for the toilet. This was taking every muscle and ounce of strength she could muster. It was getting bad, FAST. Only a few minutes had passed since Ally said she where she was. Emily was gonna lose it. If Ally hadn’t leaked yet, she was gonna lose. Just like her last accident.

“Emily, if you wanna go pee you can. You really don’t have to hold it until one of us goes.” Said Ally.

“No, you’d like the satisfaction of it too much. I can keep going. I’m fine.” Stated Emily.

“That line of pee on your leg doesn’t seem to give me much hope.”

Just then Emily glanced down at her pants. The wet spot wasn’t more than maybe a pencils head. She hadn’t leaked in ages. She was panicking now. Give in or keep going and risk an accident? “Fuck it, I’m going for it.” She thought to herself. “I want the gold and if I lose, well so be it. This isn’t over yet.” She stood up and bent at the hips. It was obvious she was dying to go now.

But Ally wasn’t far off. She was starting to fidget a lot and had even considered standing to relieve some pressure. She was enjoying herself too much watching Emily though. Ally was feeling things she hadn’t felt in a long time. She didn’t know what they meant or why, but she couldn’t control her mind from racing. Suddenly, she felt a jolt of pee escape. She quickly bent over and tensed up. Emily saw it happen and grinned. Ally’s patch was much bigger, probably due to her lack of underwear. She opted to not wear any instead of soak a good pair.

“Haha, you good Ally?” asked Emily.

“No...no I’m not. I gotta pee so bad.” said Ally.

“So why torment yourself? Just go for the relief.”

“No. I’m enjoying this too much. It’s fun watching you squirm and panic trying to win. I know I might never get to see this again so I’m gonna try my damnedest to take you down with me.”

Ally didn’t mean to say that. It just slipped out. Her face was turning red. I’ll just play it off due to the dire need to pee she thought to herself. She was at every bit of an 8/10 now. Emily must’ve had another jolt or two escape. Her wet spot had grown to a tennis ball size. Ally knew hers could be there soon if Emily didn’t cave in.

Emily was trying to calm herself. In her panic, more pee was escaping. She felt some relief, but her Grey pants didn’t leave it anywhere to hide. She was afraid of the end, which was nearly here. And Ally admitting she enjoyed watching her squirm didn’t help either. She didn’t know what to think. She always thought of Ally as attractive but way out of her league. She had been single for awhile now. And Emily’s husband had all but shut her out and romance was beyond dead between them. Long had she fantasized about this moment but now that it was here, she didn’t know what to think. She had considered telling her after this but now it was a sure: She was filing for divorce.

Ally quickly bent over trying to stop the impending flood. A massive jolt of pee tried to escape. Most got out and was making her butt wet now. She managed to stop it after a few seconds though. Her wet spot still was smaller than Emily’s. Ally sighed. Her bladder ached. Her pelvic muscles felt strained. Her body was weakening and she couldn’t stop it.

Emily burst. A jolt of pee escaped, followed by another one much stronger, and then another one. She desperately tried to regain control. She shoved her hands into her crotch and screamed “This can’t be happening!!” The puddle grew around her ankles. She kept thrusting her hands up into her crotch to stop attempt to stop it but nothing was stopping this. She started crying as her body continued to empty every drop she had in her.

Ally stared on in disbelief. No way that happened. Ally was trembling now in desperation. She didn’t know what to do. Run to the toilet, keep going, pee herself, or comfort her. She had never imagined this would happen.

“Ally...you can go now. You win.” sniffled Emily. Ally didn’t have to be told twice. She stood as straight as she could, and gave in. The jets opened. The torrential amount of pee she was keeping back, was now running down both her legs and puddling beneath her as well. Ally sighed, almost orgasmicly, at the relief she was feeling. She won. And she saw Emily pee herself. The two puddles eventually became one. Both pairs of pants, now drenched in pee from Ankle to Butt. Ally had never felt this before but it turned her on. It felt like perfection. It felt like comfort and relaxation.

“Why, why would you do that? You had the chance to go like a normal person...”

“It made me feel...things. Things I’ve not ever felt before.” said Ally. “So I just went with it and it was perfect! Besides, I’d feel bad if I didn’t pee myself with you.”

“I see...I’ll be honest though, I’m not sure I would’ve if you had lost.”

“Well, I’ve never wet myself before and I figured I would tonight. I actually knew I was going to one way or the other from the start of this.”

“I was really hoping I’d win. I haven’t lost in almost 10 years. But I’ve only been able to do this with one other person and that was my old boss. A few times a year, we’d meet up and have a good contest. His wife was pretty disgusted by it so we would indulge ourselves. Nothing sexual ever happened between us but it was really fun times. I haven’t heard from him in a few years. We lost contact after I moved from the big city.”

“Wait, you mean there’s guys that are into this stuff too?” asked Ally.

“From my experience, yeah. I never met anyone else into it though. I tried asking a few guys when I was dating but none of them ever peaked interest into the topic.” said Emily.

“I see. I wonder how the wetting would work.”

“It’s pretty one-legged haha. Which ever leg the penis is closest too, gets drenched.”

“I figured as much haha.”

“So...there’s something we should discuss...I’m leaving Alec. You inspired me to do this. I’ve been miserable for awhile now. You helped me understand what I need tonight. I need you, Ally Madeleine Green. I’ve felt this for a long time and you make me feel...well feel like Me.”

“I don’t know what to say. What do you mean by ‘I need you’?” Asked Ally.

“I want you to stay the night with me. You make me so happy. I’ll call the lawyers first thing tomorrow and I’d really appreciate it if you stayed here with me until you go to work.”

“Of course I will! But are you saying you want me for emotional support or...?”

“Its whatever you feel comfortable with.”

No way that just happened. Ally felt like the million dollar winner. Her biggest crush, her best friend, and her mentor just said she felt the same way! No way!! Ally was shaking. The two agreed they’d shower then go to bed. Together.

End of Act 3

