Yesterday Was Exciting

Author: sleeping_cat01

*000*2021-08-14 13:59

Lately, I have had little motivation to do anything. Classes won't start in a while, so I have a couple of weeks filled with nothing. No job. Nothing. Whenever I spend time on YouTube, I stumble on the Wilbur Soot song Internet Ruined Me. It hits way too close to home, and I have to shut my laptop. Then, within half an hour, boredom pushes me to open my laptop again. Such is existence in the void, I guess.

On some days YouTube does not help. On those days I intermittently curl up in a ball in my chair, or lie on my bed and stare at a wall or the ceiling. I think about life and the choices I've made, about the things that keep me up at night. Of course, the thoughts often get so intense I have to get up and walk around the flat for a while. Once my mind is calm again, I return to my chair or my bed.

Yesterday was different. Yesterday was exciting. Yesterday I was staring into the uneven whiteness of the ceiling. I was thinking about what I might like to do that day. It was around ten o'clock in the morning, I think. It was raining outside. Slowly, the loud banging of raindrops against the steel window sill began to fill my mind, and I started to feel a strong drowsiness coming over me. For a few minutes, I fought back, but I already felt like my head was falling through the covers. Soon enough, I could see ripples on the ceiling, as if it were a puddle in the rain.

The ripples spread shades of red and blue across the ceiling above me. There was a distant drumbeat in the background. My head fell through the soft orange covers on my bed and I sank into warm water. I sank past all sorts of colourful tropical fish and I could breathe in the water that smelt like raspberries. Slowly, the colours turned into a cold, blue-green, ever darkening abyss. I could feel the pressure from the water around me squeezing me tighter, and tighter, and tighter, until a deafening clatter drowned everything out as I felt my head split.

I opened my eyes and cursed in pain. I had hit my head against the corner of a bedpost in my sleep, apparently quite hard. How does that even happen? The cool and moist air flowing in through the open window did not exactly help me feel better. I checked the time and saw that I had been asleep for three hours. I did not feel rested at all. My arms and especially my legs still felt heavy, almost as if they were stuck in deep mud. It was still raining outside. That reminded me of my bladder. There was definitely something there, but it didn't really need emptying yet. I would not have to get up.

Not having to get up was a blessing, I soon understood, as a new pulse of pain shot from the newly-formed little bump on my forehead. The room was not spinning, but I could tell that getting up would quickly cause that in my half-awake state. I found myself staring at a white ceiling again, with the familiar sounds of rain filling my ears. Slowly the sounds faded out and an echoing buzz in my ears grew louder. My eyelids felt heavy, and everything faded to black.

I immediately opened my eyes. How long had I been asleep this time? As I turned from my back to my side to grab my phone, I could feel my now quite full and solid bladder urging me to get up. I winced at that reminder. I had been asleep for about two hours, I found out. I sat up on the edge of my bed, which prompted my bladder to complain a little bit more. Nothing I couldn't silence with a bit of concentration. I couldn't resist feeling my abdomen with my hand and found a solid ball of heat and pressure resting on my pelvic floor, at least for now. I would have to get up.

I stood up, but before I could take two steps, my hands had instinctively darted to my crotch. The ball of heat was trying to escape. The situation quickly cooled down a little, and I dared to start walking. On every step, I could feel my sphincter working hard to contain the hot liquid inside me. I had not realised I needed to go that badly, but the faint trembling down there felt good. I bit my lip as I reached for the bathroom door handle.

As I shut the door behind me, I felt my muscles relax for a split second. I tried to squeeze everything shut as the pressure increased more than tenfold. My face flushed and my ears were ringing, but my hands still felt a little wetness on my shorts. Not wasting time, I unbuttoned, unzipped and pulled down my shorts, and practically threw myself onto the toilet seat as my bladder started pushing a hissy jet of hot pee into my underwear. A relaxing warmth spread between my legs, and streams and droplets fell straight into the water, making massive splashing sounds. My whole face was burning with relief and embarrassment, and my hands squeezed the edge of the toilet seat.

The jet gave way to a calmer stream and then ended. I was still breathing heavily and quickly, occasionally even moaning, and only now realised my mouth had been wide open this whole time. It took a while for me to catch my breath. My heart wouldn't stop beating fast. I had had an accident. I had had an accident. I could not stop thinking about it.

After I had showered and set the washing machine to do its bit of the clean-up, I did the only thing that was appropriate in that situation: I told a close friend of mine about the whole thing. The answer I got was a comforting "it happens". That didn't exactly calm me down, but rather made me somewhat curious about what that meant. I decided not to ask though. I'm sure it was not meant as a confession of any kind. Still, yesterday sure was exciting, maybe even hot.

