Negotiations Can Drag on Far too Long -- A Spice and Wolf Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-05-07 05:18

Here's another commissioned story! This one was challenging because I find Holo a very hard character to write, but I hope the story turned out well and you all enjoy this one!

Negotiations Can Drag On Far Too Long

“Hurry up, hurry up, you’ve definitely kept me waiting long enough, I think.”

Holo danced back and forth in front of the inn door as Lawrence, the one with the key, sauntered up the stairs. She swayed slightly from the alcohol on her lips and her face was flushed red, though whether that was from the alcohol or her desperation wasn’t as clear.

Since it was the two of them, she let her tail lift her cloak and it swished around anxiously, as she turned and once more pouted to Lawrence.

“Come now, I know you can walk faster than that! You should treat these matters with more urgency!”

“I did ask multiple times if you needed to go before we left the tavern,” Lawrence pointed out, coming to stop outside the door and crossing his arms, “What was it you said? ‘What, do you think I can’t hold it a little longer until we get to the inn?’”

“That wasn’t an excuse to take a leisurely stroll back!” Holo chided, “Plus, we’re here, right? So hurry up!”

“I’m on it,” Lawrence unlocked the door, and Holo rushed in, tapping her feet as she drunkenly tossed off her cloak and messed with her waistband.

The inn room was of the more old-fashioned kind, so the facilities were a simple chamberpot that sat in a small cupboard in the corner. Holo danced as she shamelessly pulled down her pants, and Lawrence quickly turned around to make sure the inn door was closed.

The second Holo’s pants were off, she squatted over the chamberpot and threw her head back as she began peeing into the vessel at full force. She let out a content sigh and closed her eyes even as Lawrence awkwardly made his way into the room and took off his coat behind her.

“You really shouldn’t keep a woman waiting on something like this, you know,” Holo chastised, turning her head back towards even as she continued to pee.

“I didn’t mean to,” Lawrence replied, “besides, aside from the meeting, there really was never a time when you couldn’t just go, right?”

Holo narrowed her eyes at the mention of the meeting, and her expression soured. Her stream continued to splash into the chamberpot noisily as she continued to relieve herself, and as it finally slowed down, she turned her head away from him with a blush and a pout.

“I told you, I didn’t want to interfere with your work,” Holo answered as she finished up. She wiped herself off with a fresh rag set aside for the purpose, and placed the now full chamberpot back in the cupboard to be dealt with in the morning, “Besides, we had our little wager, didn’t we?”

Lawrence crossed his arms and scratched at his head with a sigh, “The wager was your idea, wasn’t it. Besides, once I got caught up with the stuff at the guild, I did say I’d honor the wager no matter what, remember?”

Once again, Holo puffed out her cheeks and turned away, and Lawrence let out a sigh, slumping down onto the mattress tiredly.

“Well, you wound up eating and drinking a lot, so I guess you got your money’s worth out of it,” Lawrence noted, all too aware of how much lighter the bag of coins he was carrying was compared to before they hit the tavern, “Speaking of which, you’re done already?”

“Huh?” Holo turned, “Yeah, I’m done, what’s with that question?”

“A-ah, I mean,” Lawrence blushed, scratching his cheek and looking away awkwardly, “I just guessed-”

“Hmmm?” Suddenly, Holo was right next to him, leaning over him with a teasing expression, “What did you guess?”

“T-that it would take you longer, I guess,” Lawrence admitted.

Holo sighed, shaking her head, “I can’t believe you would say that to me straight-faced! And in the first place, why were you paying so much attention to how much I was peeing?”

“I-I… I wasn’t!” Lawrence held up his hands defensively, “But it’s hard not to notice it a little when I’m right here, and I guess I just… I figured you’d be holding a lot more in since you haven’t gone since this morning.”

Holo immediately blushed, getting a little defensive, and began pinching Lawrence’s cheek, “What’s with that? Are you saying I should’ve overflowed the chamberpot just because, even in this petite, elegant body I can hold it longer than you? Why are you even asking about this in the first place? That’s not something you would ask a normal lady, let alone a wise wolf such as myself!”

“Sorry, sorry,” Lawrence scratched the back of his head and bowed to Holo, “I’ve spent all day dealing with the merchants who sell lumber in this town, so I got caught up in that atmosphere. I guess I was still being more analytical, please forgive me.”

“Well, that quality does help your work, but there are some things you shouldn’t apply that to,” Holo crossed her arms, “I’ll pardon you this time. But next time I won’t go so easy on you. If I do, you’ll grow complacent, and I can’t be having that now.”

Holo looked down at Lawrence, who looked up from his bow and gazed into her flushed-red face. The two held each other’s gaze for a moment before bursting out into warm laughter. Holo joined Lawrence on the bed, flopping down and hogging the covers.

As Lawrence stroked her head, memories of the day’s events replayed in Holo’s mind, and she buried her face deeper in the covers to hide her growing blush.

***

Earlier That Day

The rhythmic squeaking of the cart’s wheels and the occasional thud as the bumps made the cargo in the back of the wagon shift were the only sounds cutting through the quiet day. Lawrence looked to his side as he felt Holo’s head press into his shoulder, and he allowed himself a small smile. He quite enjoyed quiet roads like this, where he had plenty of time to himself, and he and Holo could talk and relax openly without worrying about her hiding her ears and tail from other passersby.

He would’ve liked to stay like that for a long while. Unfortunately, they had been traveling for quite some time without stopping, and bodily needs were catching up to him. He reached over and gently nudged Holo’s shoulder until she roused.

“Nhhhggg,” she groaned, still half asleep as she pulled herself from Lawrence’s shoulder. Her ears flattened in irritation at having been woken up, and she opened one eye to glare at him, “What is it?”

“Well, I was just going to make a pit stop real quick, since we’ve been on the road all morning. I figured I’d ask if you needed to stop too?”

“MmmI’m fine…” Holo waved off, head nodding as she struggled not to fall back asleep.

“Are you sure?” Lawrence asked, “We’re making good pace, but I really want to get to the next town before sundown, so I want to keep stops to a minimum.”

“I’m not a child who needs to be reminded of such things,” Holo muttered grumpily, flicking her ears. Without Lawrence’s shoulder to rest on, she crawled into the back of the cart and sprawled out to lay down, closing her eyes, “If I needed to I’d tell you, now let me sleep!”

“Alright, alright,” Lawrence nodded, letting out a quiet sigh. He pulled the cart over to the side of the road and stopped, leaving Holo and heading off.

By the time he got back from relieving himself, Holo was fast asleep, and he merely smiled, pulling some blankets over Holo’s sleeping form, and set off down the road again.

It would be quite some time before Holo woke up again, slowly stirred awake by bumps along the quiet road. She stretched and her tail bristled as she opened her eyes, and she had to raise her hand to shield them for the afternoon sun. Squinting and looking over at Lawrence’s back, she smiled before pulling herself into a sitting position.

“It’s afternoon already?” Holo asked, looking up at the sun’s position in the sky.

“Yes, you slept in quite a bit,” Lawrence pointed out, “Though, that probably has something to do with all the wine you drank last night.”

“Are you suggesting I can’t hold my liquor? You do know I’m the proud wise wolf Holo, correct?”

“You say that every time, but then you overdo it anyway,” Lawrence pointed out.

Holo puffed out her cheeks, “What’s the point in making money if you can’t go overboard every now and then.”

Lawrence nodded, “I guess that’s true. But then again, who’s the one making the money?”

“You say that every time, but then you still spend money on me,” Holo pointed out smugly.

“Well, as a merchant, it’s normal to invest in a valuable asset.”

“Are you saying I’m just an asset to you?”

“Oh, would you have rather preferred, ‘it’s normal for a knight to make sacrifices for his princess’?”

“Ooh,” Holo smirked, deftly jumping from the back of the cart to sit next to Lawrence, “You’ve become quite cocky if you’re calling yourself my knight so casually.”

“Is that so?” Lawrence asked, looking over at her, “Perhaps I should reconsider calling you my princess, then.”

“Hmm, but you know,” Holo began.

“There’s some things women like to hear regardless,” both of them said in unison, Lawrence chiming in to finish Holo’s words.

Holo gave Lawrence a wry smile, “You’re getting too good at this. I got to reign you in a little before it gets to your head.”

“I’ll be on my guard, then.”

Suddenly, Lawrence’s stomach growled, which undercut his cocky attitude, and Holo laughed.

“Shall we have a quick snack? We haven’t eaten since breakfast,” Lawrence asked.

Holo nodded, her tail wagging eagerly, as she was also quite hungry. Lawrence pointed to a small sack in the corner of the cart, “There’s some dried meat and bread in there, though I bet the bread’s quite stale by now.”

Holo reached around and grabbed the bag, placing it on her lap so she could sort through the available food options. As she shifted, however, she felt a telltale discomfort from her bladder. Her ears flicked as she pushed it to the back of her mind, grabbing some meat and handing a piece to Lawrence.

Holo chewed on her food and tried to ignore the nagging sensation in her bladder, but it hung in the back of her mind, buzzing like an annoying fly that you couldn’t get rid of. She shuffled slightly next to Lawrence as she ate, and finally looked over at him.

“Say, are we planning on stopping anytime soon?”

“Huh?” Lawrence looked over, raising an eyebrow, “Do you not remember our conversation from earlier?”

Holo shrugged, “Most of it, more or less. You want to keep stops to a minimum to get to the next town, correct?”

“Yes,” Lawrence nodded, “I’d rather not stop unless it’s necessary. Why do you ask?”

“Ah, well,” Holo looked away, her ears flattening. She only half-remembered what she had said while half asleep earlier, but she’d be embarrassed to admit now that she had to pee, and wanted Lawrence to stop.

Lawrence, having expected it in the first place, gave Holo a smug look and turned to her, “You have to pee, don’t you?”

“T-that’s not something you just ask a lady directly, you know!”

“But that’s why you asked, right?”

“W-well, I didn’t just ask because of that, but,” Holo shuffled her legs together, “I would very much like to make a stop.”

“This is why I said you should’ve gone earlier,” Lawrence sighed.

“I didn’t have to go earlier, and I wanted to sleep,” Holo flicked her tail in annoyance, though she felt a blush creeping up on her face. She had earlier insisted that she didn’t want Lawrence to treat her like a child, but she was well-aware that her excuse was a childish one.

Before he could point this out, though, she frowned, “But why are you making such a fuss over this in the first place? Is it really that important to you that we get to the next town so quickly?”

“Well, I suppose either way, stopping is fine,” Lawrence replied, “The road was clear and the weather was good, so at the pace we’re going we’ll make it to sundown even if we stopped a few times. Though, since we’re not too far off, I’d rather not stop unless you really need to stop, especially since I asked you earlier and you declined.”

“Hmph,” Holo puffed out her cheeks, “If you’re asking whether I can hold it until we get to town, the answer should be obvious. Even in this body, I’m not about to give into such needs that easily.”

Holo then felt another uncomfortable twinge from her bladder, and she jabbed Lawrence in the side.

“But I can’t believe you’d ask such a thing of a lady, especially after calling me your princess earlier. What knight wouldn’t let their princess relieve herself when she asks?”

Lawrence shrugged his shoulders, “Fine, fine, I get it, you need to go, I’ll stop.”

“Well, I would like to go, but I don’t need to go,” Holo reiterated, “Even someone as dense as you should know the difference, right?”

“Right,” Lawrence nodded, “But I also don’t want to make a stop unless it’s necessary. Meaning that I’m weighing the decision based on how urgent your needs are.”

“I can’t believe you,” Holo shook her head, crossing her arms, “What kind of man would ask a woman to hold it?”

“Alright, I’ll stop,” Lawrence sighed, getting ready to pull over to the side of the road, “I won’t ask you to hold it.”

Holo nodded, crossing her arms, but then her ears flicked and she looked over at Lawrence’s smirk.

“Wait, don’t stop just yet,” Holo narrowed her eyes, “You don’t believe me when I say I can hold it easily until we get to town, do you?”

Lawrence kept a straight face, “Oh no, of course I do.”

“I’m not a child, you know, if it’s not even until sundown, I can absolutely hold it without having you stop.”

“Sure,” Lawrence nodded, “But you just don’t want me to make you, because it’s unbecoming of me to not treat you like a lady, am I right?”

Holo’s tail prickled in irritation, “You really don’t believe that I can hold it!”

“No, I’m sure you can hold it.”

“You said that in the same tone as when you say ‘I’m sure you won’t get drunk tonight’!” Holo crossed her arms and squeezed her thighs together. All this talk about her holding it was getting to her, but it was now her pride on the line, “Do not stop!”

“Holo?” Lawrence looked over in concern.

“I’ll humor you, you foolish man who would question my words,” Holo puffed out her cheeks, “I won’t make you stop and interfere with your business. I’ll hold it until we get to town. But when I make it, I expect to be rewarded for it.”

“Ah, a wager, then,” Lawrence grinned, “Okay, but what happens if you can’t make it?”

“Such a thought isn’t even worth considering,” Holo puffed out her chest, “But if I have to ask you to stop on my behalf, then I won’t complain if you’re stingy with your coins at the tavern later.”

“So, in other words, we can eat a normal-sized meal and drink in moderation?” Lawrence asked, smirking.

“You make it sound like we live a life of gluttony and excess!” Holo pouted at him, “But like I said, such a thought isn’t even worth considering, since I can hold it just fine.”

“Right, right,” Lawrence nodded, holding out his hand like a typical peddler, waiting for Holo to shake on the deal.

She reached out her hand and shook his before she turned to look towards the road ahead. The conversation died down and Holo turned her attention to her bladder and the deal she just made. She hadn’t been lying, she was sure she could hold it at least until sundown, though her bladder was uncomfortably full. Not enough that she’d consider her need urgent, but it wasn’t easy to ignore, nagging at her and pulling her attention away from the otherwise peace and quiet of the road.

As she sat beside Lawrence, she consciously kept her shuffling to a minimum, trying to play off her discomfort as simple shifts in movement. She tried to focus on the road ahead and the warmth of Lawrence next to her. Unfortunately the jostling of the cart from the bumps in the rough road kept tearing her focus back to her bladder. Despite this, she managed to maintain an air of comfort.

As they kept going, however, things became a bit harder. Not only was Holo’s bladder naturally filling up, but she was now getting thirsty, and as much as she didn’t want to make the situation worse, it would be unreasonable to avoid drinking anything for the rest of the ride into town. Not to mention the salty dried meat from earlier had done a good job of making her even more parched.

Eventually, she reached for the water, and she noticed Lawrence glancing over at her curiously. Did he think she couldn’t handle a little more water? He must’ve really doubted her ability to hold it in that case. Holo met his gaze smugly and took a particularly large swig of water, allowing it to hydrate her and bring moisture back to her throat and mouth.

Unfortunately, while the water brought comfort to her mouth and satiated one need, it only exasperated the other, and she had to subtly squeeze her thighs together as her body naturally reacted to her sip and the splashing of the water in the jug. Holo was careful not to give anything away to Lawrence as she shuffled and tried to push the discomfort to the back of her mind, and as quickly as possible she returned the jug back to the cart.

Once Holo had regained her composure from the sip of water, she was able to push the sensations of her filling bladder to the back of her mind, and keep her shuffling to a minimum as they continued onwards. Every once in a while, a particularly harsh bump would sent a jolt through Holo’s abdomen, straight to her bladder. These uncomfortable bumps made it hard for Holo to completely ignore her need, and each one was worse than the last, with the lingering pressure lingering longer and longer before she successfully pushed it to the back of her mind.

They traveled like that in silence for a while, and perhaps in an attempt to get her mind off of her need to pee, Holo turned to Lawrence.

“So, what’s the plan when we get to the next town?”

“Ah, well, I hope to find someone who will buy this coal off of me for a good price,” Lawrence replied, motioning to the back, where bags and bags of coal were piled up.

“You bought quite a lot, I was surprised,” Holo replied.

“Well, I heard from a merchant friend of mine that the next town recently had a lot of bad fires, including a forest fire that destroyed a lot of their lumber supply,” Lawrence pointed out.

“Oh?” Holo asked. Suddenly, the cart rolled over a large bump, and Holo stiffened, squeezing her legs together and clenching her knuckles. The big shock had done a number on her bladder, and she hoped Lawrence hadn’t noticed her reaction, “But if the town’s low on lumber, then why’d you buy a bunch of coal to sell them?”

“Because of firewood,” Lawrence replied, getting that glint in his eyes he had whenever he talked about merchant stuff, “A town with ample lumber will always have plenty of firewood, because even if the firewood prices start going up from demand, lumber sellers can always break their cheaper stock down into firewood, which usually keeps the prices low.”

The cart ran over another rough bump, and Holo shuffled her legs together as she nodded, “Ah, so, because this town’s lumber stores were expanded, that means the price of firewood will go up.”

“Yes,” Lawrence nodded, “And if the price of firewood goes up, then the demand for other fuel sources will also go up.”

“So you plan to take advantage of the increase in the price of coal,” Holo nodded, “But why not just take direct advantage of the increase in the price of lumber?”

“Well, that was my original plan,” Lawrence nodded, “I had received rumors of the fires from an insider associated with my trader’s guild. Since the information wasn’t widespread, I was going to buy up a bunch of lumber and firewood and carry that in instead. However, the damages to the town were bad enough that they put out an emergency request to nearby towns for lumber. With the word spreading quickly, every lumber merchant in the area will be flocking there to sell. It’s possible I could’ve beat some of them out because I was already making preparations, but it was too risky.”

“Ah, but wouldn’t that also mean the coal prices won’t go up either?” Holo asked.

“No, on the contrary, they’ll go up even higher,” Lawrence smirked, “For starters, lumber and firewood are not entirely interchangeable. You can break down low-quality lumber for firewood, but you can’t use even the highest quality firewood for lumber. The two are processed differently, and once you break wood down it’s no longer suitable for larger projects. Since lumber will be in high demand for the town’s reconstruction, and since merchants will rather sell lumber than firewood because it’s more expensive, then while the supply of lumber will increase, that doesn’t mean more firewood.”

“Then why did you not just take firewood?” Holo asked, her bladder all but forgotten as she got invested in the conversation.

“Because coal becomes a precious commodity in this kind of situation,” Lawrence smirked, “Coal can be used for fuel, and to heat homes, of course, but it can also be used in smithing, and the demand for tools and nails will increase now that homes and buildings have to be rebuilt. Not to mention, coal can be used to dry lumber. Lumber for buildings needs to be dried to be used. Obviously you can do this naturally, but you can speed up the process by carefully drying the wood with heat. In those kinds of industrial situations, coal is preferable to firewood, which people prefer to save for heating their homes and cooking.”

“I see,” Holo nodded, “So you intend to take advantage of the scarcity of firewood and the need to reconstruct, and make a profit off of coal. Very clever.”

Lawrence nodded, “Well, it’s not as clever as it sounds. It was really a last resort because my insider information didn’t give me enough of a head start. If I had been able to beat the emergency request by even a day, I could’ve made a bigger profit, but this is much less of a risk than racing to sell lumber before other merchants arrive. Plus coal is a lot more compact by weight than either lumber or firewood. It’s much easier to transport with a smaller cart like this.”

“From what it sounds like, you’ll be able to make a nice profit like this,” Holo smiled.

Lawrence nodded, and the two fell into a comfortable silence. Holo let herself lean into Lawrence’s side, and she let out a contented hum.

Suddenly, however, she was struck by a wave of pressure from her bladder. She had focused in on the conversation and pushed her needs to the back of her mind, but her bladder was apparently biding it’s time, waiting for her to let her guard down. Her tail bristled and she squeezed her thighs together, gritting her teeth as she let the wave pass.

While it wasn’t anywhere close to making her leak, she was now acutely aware of how full her bladder was. It throbbed in her abdomen and she could no longer ignore the uncomfortable pressure building up inside her. Holo shuffled and tried to get comfortable again, but she was no longer able to ignore it.

She had to pee.

She cast a sideways glance towards Lawrence, and thankfully he had not seemed to notice her sudden stiffness or shuffling movements. Holo was tempted to give in and ask him to stop anyway. She could hold it, she was confident of that, but she was uncomfortable, and she would much rather pee than keep holding it.

Unfortunately, she had already made a wager with him, and if she wanted to unwind and drink to her heart’s content tonight, she had to hold it until they got to town. Moreover, this was a matter of her pride. Lawrence didn’t believe she could hold it until she got to town, and Holo knew she could, she was sure she could. But if she gave in now and asked, it was the same as admitting to Lawrence that she really couldn’t.

With newfound stubbornness and resolve, Holo straightened her posture and vowed to hold it, willing herself to sit still.

Her newfound resolve lasted all about five seconds until the cart hit another bump, and Holo had to squeeze her thighs together discreetly as she held it.

As the cart continued on, Holo was only more and more acutely aware of her filling bladder. She could feel it starting to bulge slightly, and she shuffled in place as she looked up at the road. She wanted to know how much further the town was, but asking Lawrence would be admitting that she was starting to feel desperate, and he might misconstrue her discomfort as her worrying she might not make it. She couldn’t let that happen, but that left her with no way of knowing how far away the town was.

Lawrence said “before sundown”, but the sun’s still high in the sky, so that could still be a ways off.

Holo’s eyes then lit up, and she began sniffing the air. Lawrence had said that the town recently dealt with a number of fires, including a forest fire. It was recent enough that if they were really that close to the town, she should be able to smell it.

Sure enough, in the distance, Holo caught the scent of lingering smoke and recently burnt trees. It reminded her of a distant memory. Of trees burning. Of fellow wolves fleeing, howling and whimpering as flames licked at their tails.

She was snapped from her memory by another bump in the road, and she was caught so off-guard by it that she nearly let out a yelp of surprise as she pressed her thighs together and clenched at the ends of her shirt, resisting the urge to grab herself openly in front of Lawrence.

“Holo,” Lawrence spoke suddenly, and the shock nearly sent another sudden wave of desperation through her.

Holo blushed, hoping that he hadn’t picked up on her sudden display, “Y-yes?”

“We’re getting closer to the city. Some roads converge up here, so we might start running into other merchants,” Lawrence replied, “I would hide your ears and tail.”

“Very well,” Holo nodded, relieved that Lawrence seemed not to have noticed her growing need to pee.

Holo twisted around to grab her robes and hood from the cart, stopping and wincing a bit at the sudden jostle and the pressure the position put on her bladder. She quickly retrieved her items and put them on, grateful that the shuffling and shifting of pulling them over herself disguised a bit of a desperate squirm as she danced in place. Finally the garments were on, and she settled back down, squeezing her thighs together and once again trying to fight back against her bladder.

Ordinarily, Holo would put on some sort of fuss about her cloak, despite knowing that hiding her ears and tail was important, but in this instance she was actually somewhat grateful for the extra cover it provided. It allowed her to shuffle more next to Lawrence unnoticed, which was a small comfort in the face of her increasingly urgent need to pee, but it was enough to tide her over.

She was able to travel like that for a while longer, until finally the sight of the town appeared in the distance. A dense, green forest sat around it, marred by a large patch where the trees had been burned and the ground was covered in ash. A large portion of the city’s outer wall was clearly burned as well, and smoke still billowed from within.

Sure enough, Lawrence was right about Holo needing the cloak as well. A road converged up ahead from another nearby town, and merchants and carts filled with lumber were already filing in to help answer the city’s emergency request.

Holo’s nose burned at the thick, lingering smell of smoke, but this was entirely outweighed by her eagerness to finally get through the gates so she could relieve herself. Of course she wasn’t worried she would make it, but she had to pee quite badly at this point, and any other time she would’ve gone ages ago. It was only down to the wager she and Lawrence had made that she was even still holding on now. Though, admittedly, they were close enough to the town at this point that even without the bet, Holo wouldn’t ask Lawrence to stop just on her account.

However, Holo was now in a situation where, the closer they got to the town, the more anticipation she felt to finally pee, and thus the worse she needed to go. She crossed her legs under the cloak and leaned back, trying to play it off as her just trying to relax. Under the cover of the robes and out of sight of Lawrence, her hand snaked down and she held herself discreetly.

Holo kept looking up at the gate, checking their progress as they quickly fell into line behind other merchants having to get their supplies checked in.

“We’re almost there,” Lawrence smiled.

“I can see that,” Holo replied, a bit more harshly than she meant to.

“I just meant-”

“Yes, I know, once we get inside, I can go,” Holo sighed. She then looked over and smirked smugly, removing her hand from between her legs and trying to maintain an outward appearance of someone who wasn’t desperate, “You don’t expect me to say something like ‘thank god, I don’t think I can hold it much longer’ do you? I told you I’d be fine holding it until we got here.”

“Haha, guess I underestimated you, I’m sorry,” Lawrence smirked.

“Well, as penance, you’re going to be treating me tonight,” Holo smiled, “That will be an apology enough for being mistaken.”

Of course, Holo said that, but her body said another, and she squeezed her thighs together as her full bladder complained. Of course, now that Lawrence was keeping a closer eye on her, Holo was all the more careful not to squirm around, something made all the more difficult by how badly she really needed to pee.

The two kept moving up in line, Holo trying not to look too impatient as she tapped her finger restlessly. She wanted to shift positions, and she could feel her waistband pressing against her bladder, but she would not give Lawrence the satisfaction of seeing her needing to pee.

The two finally got to the check-in station, and gratefully the town was lenient with their checks. The last thing Holo wanted right now was to have some check-in guard either pressing on her bladder by accident or finding her tail and holding them up. As it was, she was finding it harder and harder to maintain her composure as she sat next to Lawrence. Luckily, she was on the home stretch.

Or so she thought.

“We’re not headed straight to the inn?” Holo asked, trying not to show her alarm.

“S-sorry,” Lawrence scratched the back of his head, “Apparently the usual storehouse burned down, so I have to store my cart at the guild branch. I promise we’ll head to the inn right after, unless you really can’t wait anymore.”

“I can hold it,” Holo insisted, though she couldn’t be quite as confident about it as she was earlier, “Besides, I’m not going to give up on that wager.”

“Well,” Lawrence scratched the side of his head, “Technically the wager was not stopping on the way to town. Now that we’re here, you’ve already won, basically. Besides, these were circumstances we couldn’t have known, I’d be fine giving you the victory either way.”

“Hmph,” Holo crossed her arms, “I told you, I’m fine. Let’s stop by the guild branch first. But just a warning, I want the finest meat available at the bar tonight.”

“Try to have a little mercy,” Lawrence smiled pleadingly.

Holo frowned. She really was annoyed with Lawrence. She knew it wasn’t his fault that the storeroom burned down, but this whole situation was because he made such a big fuss about stopping earlier. Of course, there was also the fact that this whole wager was Holo’s idea, but she wasn’t about to admit that.

At least she was able to ride on the cart on her way to the guild house. She dreaded the moment they switched to walking. She felt her bladder send her a sharp wave of pressure, and she shuffled slightly in her seat as she fought back against it. She really needed to pee at this point.

Luckily, it didn’t take long for them to get to the guild branch, and Lawrence stepped down and turned to Holo to help her off the cart. She grabbed his hand and steeled herself, wincing and feeling the full shock of the small hop down from the cart shoot through her bladder. Her tail bristled under her robes and she tried to force a smile, even as she shuffled in desperation.

Lawrence had an assistant store his cart and tend to his horse, and the two headed into the lobby of the guild house.

“Lawrence!” A big, burly man with a bald head and a scar on his left arm smiled and ran up to the two of them, Shaking hands with Lawrence and then turning and bowing politely to Holo, “And you brought a lady with you, you sly dog!”

Lawrence laughed, “This is my partner, Holo. Holo, this is the overseer of the branch here, Balfour Rande.”

“It’s nice to meet you,” Holo bowed politely. Despite the situation, she still found herself putting on a polite air around Rande, likely because he was Lawrence’s associate.

“A partner, eh?” Rande smirked, “Well, I’d like to pry, but actually you came at a perfect time, Lawrence. I’ve got a couple old friends in the back, I’m sure they’d love to say hello!”

“Actually, I was-”

“You should go, I’m sure they’d love to see you,” Holo smiled, urging him on. Lawrence looked like he wanted to say something, but Rande slung his arm around Lawrence’s shoulder and dragged him through a back room in the lobby unceremoniously.

Holo sighed. She did want to hurry things up here, but she had always promised to stay out of Lawrence’s business. If he was just saying hello to some friends, she would put up with it.

I just hope this doesn’t take too long. That man has kept me waiting long enough!

Holo sat down on one of the seats and looked around the lobby, shuffling in place and trying to be discreet despite how full her bladder was at this point. It was surprisingly empty, minus an attractive brown-haired woman in an apron manning the check-in counter. The woman met her gaze and headed over to her, smiling. Holo sat down where she was, using the cover of her robes and the position to grab herself discreetly and squeeze her thighs together.

“I’m Lielle,” the woman smiled, “I’m the clerk here, but I also double as the barmaid. Can I get you anything?”

“I’m fine, thank you,” Holo shook her head. The last thing she wanted right now was alcohol making her bladder situation worse. Though, with that said, she figured she could use the small talk to distract her.

“It’s quite empty,” Holo pointed out, looking around, “Is it usually like this?”

“No, it’s usually quite busy,” Lielle answered, “But everyone’s having a meeting in the back, so it’s just us up front.”

“Ah,” Holo’s smile faltered, “Is that what Rande just dragged Lawrence into?”

“Yes,” Lielle nodded, laughing, “A lot of the men around here are the gruff types, even the merchants. I bet Rande sees a reserved, tactful peddler like Lawrence showing up at the last minute as an immense blessing.”

“Tactful, huh?” Holo asked, narrowing her eyes. That tact of his was the reason she was in this situation in the first place. She shuffled a bit and shifted her position, trying to make it look natural in front of Lielle.

“Hahahaha, well, I guess since you’re his partner, it makes sense you see him differently,” Lielle smiled, “Or perhaps I should say, you see more of him, as opposed to the competent side he shows to everyone else.”

“He can overthink some things, while being completely oblivious to others,” Holo crossed her arms, glancing over at the door where Lawrence disappeared, “Rather than tactful, sometimes I think he’s just earnest to a fault.”

Lielle laughed warmly, before following Holo’s gaze to the closed door, “Anyway, are you sure I can’t get you anything? The meeting’s probably going to take a while.”

“I’m sure, thank you,” Holo responded automatically.

She continued to look towards the door and frowned. She had encouraged him to step in and say hi, but she had no idea it would be a meeting that would take a while. She was getting desperate at this point, and she was seriously dreading a long wait out in the lobby.

She looked out the open door of the lobby and frowned. The sun was starting to set. That meant she had been holding it for the better part of the day. She squirmed and wriggled around in place, trying to be as discreet as possible, as she watched Lielle wipe down the bar. She dimmed the candles, and then made her way over to the front entrance before turning once again to Holo.

“It’s closing time, so I’m going to lock up. Rande has another key, so he can let you and the others out when the meeting’s done. Unless you’d rather wait outside?”

Holo thought for a brief moment. She would have every excuse to Lawrence if the meeting got out and she was gone at this time. She could say that the lobby closed and she got bored of waiting outside so she headed off. She was definitely tempted. She tried to strain her ears to see if she could hear the conversation of the meeting, but while she could hear Lawrence and the other’s muffled voices, too many people were talking at once and she couldn’t pinpoint one over the other through the heavy wooden door.

Ultimately, she shook her head. She could hold it. She definitely had to go, but this was a personal matter of pride. Part of her still felt like that would be giving up, even though Lawrence had basically already said she won the wager. On the other hand, if she held it, she could hold it over Lawrence that he thought she wouldn’t be able to make it to town, but she managed to wait much longer than that, even.

Lielle smiled, locking her in, and Holo immediately took advantage of being alone by grabbing herself openly and dancing around in her seat. Her face was flushed as she crossed her legs together and sighed. She really did need to pee.

Holo shuffled and danced around in her seat for a while, watching through the light filtering in through the high windows as the sun slowly set and gave way to dusk. She felt a sudden spasm from her bladder and she was grateful for her ability to hold herself. Her tail bristled up as she placed both hands between her legs and squirmed openly.

She could feel her bladder sitting like a rock in her abdomen, pressing out against her waistband as she shuffled back and forth on her seat. She flicked her ears underneath her hood in irritation as she tried and failed to find any semblance of comfort in her situation. The waves were starting to flow together into a throbbing pressure that pressed out no matter how she sat.

She shifted her heel up onto the seat and pressed it against her crotch, clamping her thighs together desperately as she rubbed her swollen bladder. It was getting to the point where you could see it bulging from under her shirt, and if she hadn’t been wearing her robes, she doubted she could conceal the physical signs of her desperation from Lawrence once he emerged.

That wasn’t to say she could conceal it at all. She had no idea how she was going to stand up straight, let alone stand still, once Lawrence emerged. She was getting to the point where her human body would not let her, lest she leak uncontrollably into her pants.

Holo glanced at the door and suddenly realized her mistake. She was now trapped. She was at the point where she had no more choice but to hold it, despite how desperate she was. She danced around on the chair and squeezed her eyes shut, begging for the door to the meeting room to open.

Holo was struck with another powerful spasm and she let out a quiet yelp as she clamped down with all her might. She doubled over and her tail was sticking straight up, bristling as she fought to stay dry. She didn’t want to admit it to herself, but she was slowly reaching her limit.

Holo managed to regain control, but she bit her lip. She was in a bad situation. She usually wasn’t put into a situation where she had to pee this badly, let alone in a situation where she was stuck and couldn’t run off to relieve herself somewhere. She shifted her gaze back and forth from the meeting room door to the locked door that kept her stuck in the lobby. If Lielle was still here, she wouldn’t hesitate to ask her to open the doors so she could run off anywhere for relief. At this point, she’d even settle for an alley if she could find one, but as it was now, she had closed that avenue for herself.

Holo grit her teeth as she doubled over the table, squirming desperately and trying to hold it back. Another wave of desperation hit her, and she gasped, feeling a few small droplets escape out into her pants before she could fully clamp down and stave off the leak.

Sweat beaded up on Holo’s forehead, and she was worried that her sharp wolf fangs would pierce her lips and cause them to bleed if she bit down any harder. She had to pee like crazy. She had overextended and pushed her body to its limits, and now all she could do was glare at the meeting room door so intently she was afraid she’d burn a hole in it.

Holo waited like that for a few more agonizing minutes before she was hit with another spasm. She barely managed to keep herself from leaking again, twisting her body and shaking her legs together frantically as she clenched at herself, as if she could literally stopper herself up with her hands if her taxed bladder muscles failed her. However, when the wave didn’t subside, and her bladder quivered, Holo knew she had hit her limit. She was out of time.

I can’t believe I’m actually about to wet myself!

The very thought of Lawrence, let alone any of the other guild members, finally coming out of the living room only to find her sitting in her own puddle was petrifying to Holo. She absolutely could not let that happen. And yet, her human body physically could not hold on any longer. She bit her lip and looked around the room. She hoped and pleaded that she’d find some kind of receptacle she could use as a chamberpot, preferably one she could hide discreetly when she was done.

After a few desperate moments of Holo scanning the room frantically, dancing in place, she found one, a large ornamental vase on the top shelf just behind the check-in desk. With great difficulty she stood up and hobbled over to the shelf where it sat. She reached up for it, but in her hunched over state, she couldn’t quite reach it. Holo grit her teeth and straightened herself up, feeling like she was nearly going to leak in the process. In the end, she finally managed to grab it, and she set it down on the floor before practically collapsing into her heel right before she leaked again.

Holo managed to get the leakage under control, mitigating the damage to her pants to a small wet spot near her crotch that would be hidden under her robes. She frantically shuffled from foot to foot as she struggled with her sash. With a bit more difficulty, she managed to loosen the sash and undo her waistband.

Holo immediately dove over the vase, grabbing it and bringing the opening close to her crotch, and not a moment too soon. She didn’t even tell her body to relax, she had lost control just as she positioned the vase underneath her. A powerful torrent of pee shot out of her and rang against the side of the vase. If Holo wasn’t already well aware how well the heavy wooden door to the meeting room blocked sounds, she’d be worried about them overhearing. The loud hiss continued as Holo’s legs shook and she threw her head back as she pissed uncontrollably into her makeshift chamberpot.

Holo closed her eyes and stifled back a moan of relief as she continued, her mind almost getting lost in the relief. However, somewhere in the back of her mind, she kept thinking about the meeting, and how the door could swing open at any time. She had been so eagerly wishing for the door to open, and now all she wanted was for it to remain closed as she relieved herself.

Holo was stuck there peeing for a while, unleashing practically the full day’s worth of pent up urine into the unassuming vase. As she continued to pee unabashedly into it, she started worrying that she might actually fill it up to overflowing, though luckily her stream started to taper off, the loud hiss finally dying down as she finished. As the pressure died down, Holo dribbled a little onto the side of the vase and the floor, and she quickly adjusted the vase to catch the last of her bladder’s contents as it finally tapered off to a slow drip.

She wanted nothing more than to bask in the aftermath of her blissful relief, but Holo knew that any moment now, the meeting room door could finally open and she’d be caught red-handed. So she quickly grabbed one of the dirtier looking bar rags from behind the desk and wiped herself off, before pulling her pants back up and cleaning up the vase and the floor as best as she could.

She carefully placed the vase back up on the shelf, worried the whole time she would drop it or tip it over and send her still-warm piss pouring out onto the floor, but luckily she managed to place it back without incident. Holo looked down at the piss-soaked bar rag she used. She’d feel exceptionally bad about letting Lielle wipe the front desk down with it now that it was used, but she didn’t know what to do with it. She looked around for somewhere to hide it and settled on stuffing it behind a standing bookshelf, hoping that once it would be a long while before anyone found it.

Letting out a sigh, Holo sat back down, placing her hand on her now shrunken-down bladder and allowing herself to get comfortable while she waited.

As it turned out, she made the right, and necessary, choice. The meeting dragged on for far longer than either Holo or Lawrence suspected. It was quite some time before the door finally opened, and a bunch of merchants shuffled out, with Lawrence and Rande at the back of the group.

“Hahaha, you were fierce in there,” Rande smirked, I can’t believe you managed to get the merchants to agree to a 30/70 split, and you used your coal as a bargaining chip to get the firewood sellers on our side.”

“Yes, well,” Lawrence smiled, scratching his head, “I’d love to talk about this over drinks, but me and my partner here had a previous arrangement.”

Lawrence motioned to Holo, who glared at him and put in a sharp air that he immediately picked up on. His shoulders immediately stiffened, and Holo allowed herself a small smirk in spite of what happened.

“No worries, I understand. I’ve kept you long enough. We can talk more tomorrow!” Rande smiled, “In fact, once the deal goes through, I’d say I owe you more than a few drinks!”

Lawrence nodded, “See you tomorrow, Rande!”

He then led the way out of the guild hall, with Holo following close behind. As soon as the door closed behind them and they were out of earshot from the other merchants who had stayed late, Lawrence turned to Holo.

“I’m so sorry, Holo,” Lawrence began, “I really had no idea the meeting would go on for that long. Things were pretty tense, and Rande needed me to smooth things over!”

Holo glared at him with a prickling gaze, and Lawrence backed off, trailing behind as Holo walked back down the main street. She was absolutely mortified about what she had just done, and she felt bad about the vase as well. She also wasn’t sure if she had peed in some valuable merchandise, though considering the layer of dust on it, it probably had sat untouched for quite some time.

With those thoughts lingering in her mind, her tail bristled, and she whirled around to face Lawrence. There was only one way he could make up for putting her through such a scenario. Even if part of it was her fault.

“You have kept me waiting quite some time,” Holo crossed her arms, glaring at him, “Though, you can make up for your carelessness by honoring our agreement and treating me at the tavern! I shall accept nothing less than the highest quality booze and meat!”

“A-are you sure,” Lawrence asked.

“I told you, didn’t I?” Holo puffed out her chest, “I could hold it easily. But I don’t like doing it. So don’t make a big fuss over it if I ask you to stop, okay?”

“A-alright, I’ll definitely stop from now on,” Lawrence nodded, “But if you don’t like holding it, you should-”

“I’m doing it this time to prove a point,” Holo stated, “Don’t underestimate me, and you should be more tactful when it comes to how you treat ladies.”

In reality, she knew that if they made it back to the inn room, she wouldn’t be able to pee so soon, and Lawrence would get suspicious of her having gone somewhere else. So she would tease him as she stalled for time at the tavern, drinking plenty of booze and letting her bladder fill up. She would also hold the fact that he refused to stop earlier over his head, so he would be flustered the whole time.

She smiled just thinking about it. It was the perfect payback.

“Now then,” Holo smiled, sauntering on calmly even as Lawrence gave her a concerned look, “To the tavern. I heard you made quite the deal today, so I’ll keep in mind we’re not exactly hurting for coins.”

Lawrence slumped his shoulders in only the way a merchant who knows he’s about to incur a big loss can, and nodded, “Very well, my lady! Tonight, anything you desire to eat or drink is yours.”

The End

