Stormchaser

Author: ScarletteV

*000*2020-06-04 13:23

Part 1

###

"It's... what, day 15? 16? I... can't remember anymore. Communication with Earth is gone- well, I can't even get a signal from the base on the south pole of this damn moon... I never should've accepted the Europa position. And now the damn radios are down, and I don't even know if the other people on this moon are alive! If anyone sees this, or hears this, or... I dunno, detects this somehow... can you respond or something?... oh who am I kidding, no one's gonna see this... well, whatever. This is Stormchaser Ryn Okuma, signing out. Maybe I'll have better luck tomorrow." I turned off the radio mic and leaned back in the chair, sighing and spinning a little.

I should introduce myself, eh? Well, my name is Ryn Okuma, and I'm a Stormchaser. Stormchasers are a small facet of the Jupiter Recon Expedition, which started a six years ago, back in 2106. I'm currently in a mobile base- a single person mining rig, for collecting different samples of soil and minerals from whichever moon it was sent to. Thankfully, being on Europa, this hunk of metal can use the ice as a fuel source. This also gives me things like water so I can bathe and stay hydrated, along with keep the hydroponics operational so I have something other than paste to eat. I may hate tomatos, but oh my god are they sooo much better than that stupid nutrient paste shit... wow I got off topic, eheh.

I got out of the chair and stretched, turning up the cabin heating as I made my way over to the cockpit. If the Southern Pole Base isn't going to respond to my calls, then I'll just drive there. It should only be a, what... 2 to 3 day drive? Europa is a bit smaller than Earth's Moon, and I'm just below where the equator should be. I booted up the autopilot systems and set a course for the Southern Pole Base before flopping onto my back. Honestly, this trek would be infinitely more appealing if I had someone here with me. Instead, all I've got is a fauly radio that doesn't even work. I don't even have an EVA suit in this place, so I can't go outside. Not that I'd even want to- it's about 50 Kelvin outside, so I'd probably freeze to death without the special suits at the pole base. It's gonna be a long 3 days...

"Day 19, I'm about 100 kilometers away from the Southern Pole Base. If you guys can hear me, please just respond. You have no idea how damn lonely it is." I've kept trying to contact them, and all I get is static. I should reach the base in anouther half an hour at least, so I'll figure out what's going on manual-

"Minerig A, this is Southern Pole Base. I swear, if this is just more static I'm gonna be pissed." . . . no way.

"Ah- shit! Uh, this is Minerig A! Oh my god is it good to hear your voice." I hear a chuckle from the other end.

"Ryn Okuma? My, you're quite far from the theoretics lab." Satsuki... She's quite the character. Charasmatic as all hell, with an impressive body to boot.

"Yeah, yeah. I'm on my way over now."

"Yes, I heard. Please tell me there's someone else with you on that rig."

"Ehehe... nope. S'just me."

"Oh shoot. I guess we're both alone then..." Ah great. I slow down the rig and park it next to the base, letting the chamberlock's connect before entering the base and finally stretching myself out fully.

"Mmmmmh! It feels good being out in the open."

###

