The Surprise Party

Author: ShareTea333

*000*2025-10-17 07:41

Erin had just flown in for the weekend to surprise our friend Lauren for her birthday. We were all close friends from college and it had been a long time since we were all together. Lauren and I were roommates, so I had planned a surprise party for her that evening at our house. When I picked Erin up from the airport, we immediately set off to run errands for all the party supplies. Our plan was to set up for the party that afternoon while Lauren was at work.

On the 45-minute drive from the airport back to town, Erin and I chatted about everything we wanted to get for the party. We had both been sipping from our water bottles during the ride, so when we arrived at the first store, I excused myself to the bathroom. Erin didn’t join me and instead went off to get us a cart. We both grabbed a drink from the coffee shop at the front of the store and set off to search for the items on our list.

It was a large store and we had lots of fun walking around and filling our cart with decorations and snacks for the party. It was when we were standing in the checkout line that I first noticed Erin might need to pee. It was the first time in a bit that we were standing in one place, and I noticed she had started to step from side-to-side, tapping her toe on the floor each time. We had both finished our drinks from the coffee shop and Erin had even ordered a larger size than I did.

I could already feel my bladder was quite full again so I imagined Erin must really be feeling hers. This was confirmed when we were loading the bags into the car. It was cold out and Erin commented that her thin black leggings weren’t keeping her warm enough, though I think she was trying to excuse her need to fidget around. Each time she reached into the cart to grab a bag she would bounce up and down a few times before crossing her legs tightly while finding a spot for the bag in the trunk.

On our drive to the grocery store, our last stop, Erin sat with her legs crossed, which seemed to calm her bladder temporarily. I noticed she continued to sip from her water bottle as we drove, and I assumed she would use the bathroom at the next store. But when we arrived and I once again excused myself to the bathroom, Erin motioned that she would wait outside.

That’s when I remembered that Erin hated using public bathrooms and had a habit of holding it until she got home. I was reminded of a few close calls on our walks home from bars in college when she would have to sneak behind a bush or building to pee because she couldn’t wait. Back then I had secretly liked the thrill of wondering if she would make it home and was always shocked by how much she would pee when she did finally give in and squat somewhere.

When I came out of the bathroom, Erin was seated on a bench looking at her phone while wiggling her bum back and forth. She looked relieved to see me and rushed to start finding the ingredients for the cake we were planning to bake for Lauren. When we got to the baking aisle, it became clear that Erin was getting desperate.

At this point Erin could barely stand still at all, and each time I stopped to look at something, she would pace around behind me. I could hear her breathing more heavily now and she would occasionally take a deep breath to try to relax. Whenever she had to stop in one spot to look at the package of an ingredient, she would drop down to sit on her heel, desperate for a few seconds of relief from the pressure in her bladder.

When we got to the check-out line, Erin really started to struggle. She crossed her legs as tightly as possible, but still had to sway back and forth. It was clear when a strong urge would come as her hand would instinctively reach towards her crotch. I could tell she was too embarrassed to hold herself in public as she would quickly pull it away and squeeze her thigh instead. As we inched forward in line, Erin did so without uncrossing her legs, and was no longer making conversation. Erin had glanced in the direction of the bathrooms a few times before asking me how long the drive home would be. She looked relieved when I said it was less than 10 minutes and seemed to have resolved to keep holding.

As we started to load the bags into the car this time, Erin couldn’t hide it any longer. She was handing me bags from the cart while marching in place when she suddenly exclaimed, “Omg! I have to pee so bad!” She started to comically run in place and we both started laughing. Her hand immediately shot to her crotch and she squeezed herself tightly while waving at me with her other hand to stop laughing. I couldn’t help but imagine the tiny leaks that were probably escaping into her leggings and wondered if she could feel a wet spot spreading with her hand.

To be a good friend, I suggested she could go back in the store to use the restroom, but Erin insisted she could hold it if we hurried. She quickly resumed handing me bags to load into the car with one hand while squeezing herself tightly with the other. When she turned, I could see the faintest dark spot on her bum in the sunlight. Before getting into the car, she took off her flannel long sleeve shirt and tied it around her waist. She sat on one leg while swinging the other back and forth and rolled down the window despite the cold to get some fresh air as we drove.

As we pulled into the garage, she was already undoing her seatbelt. I got out of the car as fast as possible to unlock the door to the house for her, but as I was twisting the key in the lock, I heard music playing on the other side of the door. It dawned on me that Lauren must be running late for work and hadn’t quite left yet. Since I knew she would leave out the front door of the house, I quickly closed the garage door and hoped that Lauren hadn’t heard us pull in.

Erin looked anxious and confused and I sympathetically told her we’d have to stay in the garage until Lauren left to keep from ruining the surprise. Erin’s eyes widened and she sat down on a plastic storage bin nearby. “How long?!” she asked as she franticly dug her crotch into the side of the bin and wiggled her bum back and forth. I motioned to her to keep our voices down and assured her it should only be 5 minutes at most.

The proximity to a bathroom, multiple drinks, and hours of holding was becoming too much, and after only a couple minutes Erin gasped. She grabbed herself with both hands, crossed her legs, and whispered in a panic, “I can’t do it! I can’t hold it!” Her eyes started darting around for a solution and she grabbed a large plastic cup from the recycle bin beside her.

She stood up, desperately pee dancing in place and trying to juggle holding the cup while pulling down her leggings. She couldn’t take her hand out of her crotch for long enough to do it and was getting increasingly frantic. “I need you to hold it for me!” she begged, thrusting the cup into my hands. By the time I could comprehend what she was asking, she was already ripping down her leggings. I could instantly hear pee hitting the cement garage floor and I quickly squatted down to hold the cup beneath her.

As she peed forcefully into the cup, small splashes escaped, and I could feel the cup getting warm in my hand as it filled. After a few seconds, the relief started to wash over Erin and I could hear her moaning softly, her mouth not far from my ear. As she leaned back slightly with her eyes closed, taking in the pleasure, I glanced down to see the crotch and bum of her light blue underwear were completely soaked.

Her pee stream stopped just in time to not overflow the cup, and she took one final sigh of relief before pulling her leggings back up. Her cheeks were flushed and she shot me a slightly embarrassed smile before thanking me. We both laughed it off and I assured her not to worry about it. When Lauren left for work shortly after, we carried our shopping bags inside, and Erin changed into a fresh outfit from her suitcase. The party went off without a hitch, and neither Erin or I mentioned the events from that afternoon. It was our secret.

