VR rooms

Author: shlomi

*000*2022-10-29 20:44

There was commercial in newspapers and TV: virtual reality rooms of another worlds!

The 2 teenages (18+, if you want) went after school to see it.

The manager explained:"the time in the device is slower than reality. you can spend there days- it'll be only hours here. you can choose what theme-world you want: naked world, animals world, underwater world, fantasy, horror...etc"

The girl told the boy:"let's go nude!"

Boy:"i don't..."

Manager:"you don't need to strip. only your avatar will be nude in the VR. the sensors will make sure you'll feel as nude"

The boy saw the expression on his girl friend (not girlfriend yet) and agreed.

Both wore long pants, shoes and socks. they were taken to different rooms with moving floor. the sensor-cables were attached to their bodies and feet (to feel the barefooting, too). the worker attached to them water bottle with straw. "you'll lose hydrates in the time so you'll drink sometimes"

When they opened their eyes they felt wind on their bare bodies. they were in good-looking house in city. they looked each other and giggled.

Girl:"i know it's just a computer avatar but still i'm shy"

Boy:"yea, me too"

They started walking and felt cold floor under their "barefoots".

Outside the house everyone were naked and barefoot. they had good time. after what seem like hours they needed to go to toilet.

When the boy finished he felt wetness and warmness on his groin. he wondered what it is but saw nothing. when the girl finished too, she said she feels it too.

They spent like days there and used the toilet again and again and felt the weird sensation everytime. after week the decided to marry.

They went to church and priest (naked too) marry them. after the wedding night the boy felt something sticky in his groin, even after he showered.

Suddenly they heard voice:"OK, your time is up by the paying"

Like waking up of dream the VR glasses were taken from them and they found themselves in the VR room.

The boy started walking when he felt something wrong. he looked down and saw his pants were completely wet from pee. he looked in his soaked boxer and saw it was full with cum.

The girl went out of her room and showed him her pants were soaked too.

They laughed but were little emberassed. when they walked home they felt their wet shoes squishing.

Girl:"next time we'll continue?"

[you can continue, guys]

