Trapped by Her Own Design: Rose’s Unexpected Tuesday

Author: schildpad

*000*2024-11-11 04:31

This is the story of Rose, who becomes the test subject for her own project, "digital consent." She could never have imagined the predicament she'd end up in. It involves struggling to hold in her need to pee, humiliation, desperately trying to conceal her desperation, no chance of relief, and a hint of orgasm denial.

###

At this point, it was still an ordinary Tuesday. Rose, 21, is in her second year of studying to become a clothing designer. She lives in a small apartment in Amsterdam, just a few minutes' bike ride from her school. On the side, she works for a staffing agency for hospitality personnel, which means she gets to work at some of the best events, always in new places. This Tuesday, she was at school working on her own project. She's allowed a few hours each week to work on it because she finds a lot of the other assignments a bit too vague.

The program is a bit too artistic and abstract for her liking, and on top of that, her classmates are way too alternative, so she hasn't really made any friends in her class. Originally from a village about an hour's drive from Amsterdam, she doesn't see her childhood friends as often anymore. In the big city, she's still trying to build a social life. One of the ways she's doing that is through dating apps. She has them all and loves getting to know new people, although it unfortunately always stays limited to chatting online.

A few months before this particular Tuesday, she matched with Frank on Tinder. A fun, easygoing guy who immediately caught her eye in his photos. They'd been chatting online for weeks, but, once again, an actual date didn't seem to be in the cards. Their conversations are diverse, often about work, vacations, that kind of thing. But in the evenings, things start to get a bit flirtatious, and they begin challenging each other. Night after night, for weeks, she lies in bed fantasizing about what it would be like. The messages go further each time. And this is exactly why, for Rose, it often remains virtual.

Her feelings and her values are constantly clashing. Because of her religious upbringing (which she's mostly left behind), she wants to make sure that sex is something she only does with a man she'll stay with for the rest of her life. And she knows it will go wrong if she goes on a physical date. With the tension building up, she'll inevitably be tempted, especially if there's some alcohol involved. Then it's guaranteed to go too far. So, she tries to avoid it. But she has a plan.

To clarify, she hates that she thinks this way, yet she can't seem to shake it. Her upbringing is ingrained so deeply that it's a constant battle. She watches porn, she sexts, but even something like masturbation feels genuinely sinful in her eyes. This results in night after night of fantasizing in bed, only to fall asleep frustrated. She's slipped up a few times after drinking wine and not being able to resist, so she knows what it's like to orgasm (though it's been at least eight months). And these experiences have shown her that dating with drinks involved means she won't be able to hold back. And that's what she's determined to avoid at all costs.

###

Rose is at school, working on her project. The theme is "digital consent." Since mutual consent in intimate situations is important, she wants to design underwear that can't be taken off without mutual agreement via an app. That way, when a woman goes out, she can retain control at all times. And afterward, there can be no misunderstandings. She knows how to present this concept well at school, but in reality, she's creating a solution for an issue she personally faces. With this, she can go on dates with the confidence that she'll be able to say no without worry.

This seemingly ordinary Tuesday is the day the first model is ready. A friend from her hometown helped her set up a very basic version of an app (it's really just a webpage without any design), and she designed a trendy pair of underwear with a bit of tech embedded. It's super simple. It's a stylish piece of underwear with nothing odd on the outside. Made of ultra-thin Dyneema (recycled ship ropes or climbing gear), it's extremely strong, yet soft thanks to the fine weave. A powerful elastic band tightens it around all the edges without being uncomfortable. So, you have a stylish pair of underwear that's safe and even waterproof--a crucial feature, as men might mistake a wet vagina for consent. With this, she keeps control.

Rose is proud. She's made something that will truly help people. It sounds socially responsible, but mostly, it opens up opportunities for her. Time for a test.

In a bathroom stall, Rose tries the first prototype. It fits perfectly. Without doing anything, it feels like normal underwear. She goes to the link on her phone and sees that it connects to the chip in the underwear. She clicks "lock" and feels the strong elastics subtly tighten. She tries to slip a hand in from the top or bottom, but it's impossible. It feels like it's glued to her skin. So impressive that it closes so securely without discomfort. What a project! And this is just the prototype. She heads back to the school workshop with pride, now wearing her own creation. She follows her usual classes for the rest of the day. When she needs the bathroom, she simply opens the website, clicks "open," does what she needs to, and clicks "lock" again. Eventually, this could be a button on a smartwatch or something. At 1 p.m., she repeats this and feels proud again seeing how well it works.

Frank, who's still saved in her phone as "Frank Tinder," sends a message, asking for the third time that week when they'll meet. Each time, Rose came up with an excuse. She always said she was too busy. But today, she feels a wave of confidence. She's wearing her own creation and can manage things much better this way. So, she decides to meet up tonight. School ends at 4 p.m., her shift starts at 5 p.m. and ends at 10:30 p.m., and after that, she has all the time for a drink. Frank can't wait to finally meet her.

After school, Rose bikes over to work. She checks her email and sees that she'll be waitstaff on a boat tonight. She heads to the harbor, where a warmly decorated boat is ready to welcome guests. She changes into her crew uniform and heads to the bathroom to change. She prefers not to use the restroom during her shift, so she plans to go now. As she removes her pants, she catches sight of her self-made underwear again, and a wave of pride washes over her. She grabs her phone and opens the page. It takes a couple of tries, as it doesn't seem to load at first. The second attempt also doesn't work. Pride briefly gives way to a bit of stress, but not too much--there's no urgent need yet. She texts the friend who helped with the website and leaves her phone behind the bar. The guests arrive.

The event is lively, and Rose forgets about the issue. She chats with guests, serves hors d'oeuvres, sips two glasses of champagne, and enjoys herself with her colleagues. Suddenly, she feels the urge to use the bathroom. Her last break was at 1 p.m., and it's now nearing 8 p.m. In a quiet moment, she checks her phone. Her friend responded: "Hey, did you put it on outside of school?! The website only works on the school network; otherwise, anyone could access it. You don't want that during testing."

Damn. Sweat breaks out. The final model will definitely need backups for the user, but this version doesn't have them yet. Just the stress alone doubles the pressure on her bladder. She has no choice but to bike back to school after work before her date. That means waiting another two and a half hours. It's becoming urgent, but it should still be manageable.

Time ticks by slower than the previous hours. The champagne has reached her bladder, and it's harder to keep smiling at everyone. The sound of water next to the boat isn't helping. How did she end up in this situation?! By 10 p.m., things have only worsened, but the thought of work ending in half an hour reassures her a bit. The minutes drag on. Fifteen minutes left, then ten, then five, then one...

Where's the dock? The boat keeps sailing. Rose asks her supervisor when they'll dock and is shocked to learn they added an extra half hour. Why wasn't that communicated?! She texts Frank that she'll be late.

Everyone on board is now drunk, and the music is blasting. People start dancing with Rose, who tries her best to look cheerful. The dancing puts pressure on her bladder, and that's the last thing she needs. She's trapped in her own project and can't tell anyone about it. By the time the dock comes into view, she's beyond smiling. She's desperate for the restroom, having not gone since early afternoon. The guests disembark slowly, and she has to greet each one without showing her predicament. As soon as the last guest leaves, she runs to the restroom to change. Seeing the toilet is torturous, knowing the only thing preventing relief is this fabric. Against her better judgment, she tries to slip her fingers under the waistband, but there's no chance.

She says goodbye to her colleagues and jumps on her bike. Here, she finally finds some relief. The seat's pressure makes it more bearable, pushing the stress to the background. She knows it'll come back with double force when she dismounts, but for now, she savors this brief respite. She pedals back to school, her mind drifting to her date. Thoughts of Frank give her a similar feeling to last night, when he told her in their chat what he'd like to do with her. She recalls how much willpower it took not to slip her hand into her underwear. She was so close.

The only thing she allowed herself was gently pulling the blanket up between her legs. That gave some form of stimulation. The movement on the bike does the same now, though she quickly chastises herself. It's a thirty-minute ride, but it flies by. Rose arrives at school. The lights are off, the gates are closed, but all she needs is Wi-Fi. She parks her bike and, as she dismounts, the pressure hits again. She's aroused from the thoughts on the ride and has to pee even more desperately.

She moves slowly, crossing her legs out of reflex. She grabs her phone, trying to connect to the Wi-Fi network. Every so often, she sees a weak signal, but it disconnects immediately. She's just out of range. She uses one hand to hold it in, while the other tries refreshing. Finally. It seems to connect. She opens the website--very slowly--and sees the "open" button. She presses it, but nothing happens. The connection is lost again. The closer she gets to unlocking it, the harder it is to hold back. Open. Nothing. Open. Nothing. Open.

Finally. She feels movement around her waist. The elastic loosens slightly, giving her bladder a bit of relief. She has two choices: either relieve herself here, in view of the security cameras, or bike the eight minutes to the bar where she's meeting Frank and use the restroom there. She opts for the latter. She texts Frank, letting him know she's nearly there.

On the bike, she manages somewhat, though it's harder than the previous ride. Rose is nervous about the meeting, not just because of her desperate need, but because the underwear's main feature no longer works. She unlocked it, so she can't lock it again after using the restroom. So tonight, things might still get out of hand. But that's the least of her worries now.

She arrives at the square with the terraces, parks her bike, and dismounts with one hand pressed firmly between her legs. "Okay," she thinks. "Act normal; I could run into him at any moment." She walks as calmly as she can toward the bar where she's meeting Frank. There he is, just as attractive as his photos. This guy's fantastic. "Compose yourself," Rose thinks.

She walks up to him and gives him a hug. The hug presses against her bladder, prompting her to say immediately, "Do you mind if I use the bathroom first? I couldn't go at work." "Of course," Frank says. Rose stumbles to the bathroom at the back of the bar. Two women are waiting. What a nightmare. She presses her hand between her legs, hoping the women will let her go first, but they're focused on themselves. After hours without a restroom, she's almost at the point of relief. One woman exits the stall, and the other goes in. Just one more person in front of her. Her legs are crossed. Three minutes pass; it feels like half an hour. The next woman finally goes in. She's never been closer to relief.

And then, out of nowhere, she feels the elastic in her underwear tighten, molding to her body. The waistband presses harder against her bladder, and she feels a small leak. The woman exits the stall, and Rose rushes in. In total panic, she tries pulling down her underwear, but it's locked again?! This can't be happening. Not now, while Frank is waiting outside. She grabs her phone, opens the website, but it only works on the school network. What happened? She calls her friend, the website's creator.

She asks why her underwear locked itself without her doing anything. He hears the stress in her voice but can't comfort her. "There's a safety feature. If you unlock it and don't remove it within ten minutes, it automatically locks again. Otherwise, it's not secure, of course. That's why I said not to wear it outside school." "Yeah, but," Rose says, "you told me too late." The tension couldn't be higher. Rose is sitting on the toilet, trapped by her own invention. She had the chance, but she missed it. And the worst part is, she can leak a bit in these underwear, but the tightness stops it almost immediately. Her friend is still on the phone, trying to help, but there's nothing he can do remotely. The only option is to go back to school, but her phone battery is low after such a long day, so that might go wrong too.

There's no other choice. She has to switch gears. Rose flushes the toilet for effect and walks awkwardly back to the terrace. She heads toward Frank, who now has two glasses of white wine waiting. She can't explain this story, so she'll have to pretend she managed to go. This will be an excruciating evening.

&&

*001*2024-11-12 15:41

Summary of Part 1: Rose, a 21-year-old fashion student in Amsterdam, invents “digital consent” underwear that can only be unlocked with an app, helping her stay in control on dates and avoid choices that conflict with her values. She wears the prototype to work on a party boat and later to meet Frank, whom she’s been chatting with online, only to realize the app only works on her school’s network. Now trapped in the underwear, Rose faces a night of increasing discomfort and desperation.

———-

They start chatting, and though it feels a bit awkward at first, things loosen up a little after three glasses of wine. Rose seems to have found a good position and is adapting to the immense pressure on her bladder. Whenever Frank goes to the bathroom, she seizes the chance to press her hand firmly between her legs. Time ticks on. It’s now 1 a.m., 12 hours since she last relieved herself, and the wine keeps piling on. As the terrace begins to close, they decide to move to Frank's place. Standing up, Rose feels a single, uncontrollable spurt escape into her underwear. The pressure is intense. Five glasses of wine—perhaps the worst decision she could’ve made. She’s about to burst.

She grabs her bike, riding along with Frank to his place. This time, the seat doesn’t provide any relief. Her phone’s battery is dead now, and she has no idea how this night will end. She’s in a strange phase of denial; she’s having too much fun to stop, yet she knows she’s only making things harder for herself. The journey reignites her stress. "Are you okay?" Frank asks, noticing Rose’s awkward movement on her bike. She blames it on the alcohol, which isn’t exactly a lie.

When they reach his place, Rose instinctively heads to the bathroom. Once again, against her better judgment, she attempts to undo her pants, but it’s no use. She sits on the toilet, considering if she could simply relieve herself through her pants. She relaxes her muscles, allowing one spurt to release. It provides a bit of relief, but it’s far from a solution. Her pants are just too tight. She stands up, sweating, flushes the toilet, and tries to compose herself in the mirror before joining Frank again. For the second time that night, she’ll have to pretend she’s actually gone to the bathroom. Telling him the truth—that she’s trapped in a self-made pair of locked underwear—would be unthinkable for a first date.

Back in the living room, Frank is sitting with a bottle of wine and two glasses. She carefully takes a seat beside him, searching for a position that puts the least strain on her bladder. Frank pours the wine. The sound alone causes another small leak, once again stopped by the tight fabric of her underwear.

Despite everything, she genuinely likes Frank. He’s funny, and—given the circumstances—he actually makes her feel at ease. Sitting beside him on the couch, Frank throws a blanket over her, a huge relief. Now she can press her hands between her legs without drawing attention, granting her a little respite. They watch a movie, drink another three glasses, and begin to sit closer. Frank wraps his arm over her leg. They exchange a deep look, memories of their long chats flooding her mind, then they return to watching the film. She’s reassured by his lack of haste, and they gradually drift off, cozied up on the couch.

It’s 4:30 a.m. Rose jolts awake to an intense pressure on her bladder, so overwhelming that she gasps. Frank has rested his head on her stomach. "What’s going on?!" Frank exclaims. "I CAN’T HOLD IT ANYMORE," Rose cries in a panic. Frank stares at her, baffled, as she, eyes welling with tears, spills the whole story. She tells him everything: no intimacy outside marriage, the website, her work, the weak connection, the security lock that activates after 10 minutes, the terrace, the bathroom visit at his place. Frank is shocked but somehow…excited. This girl is in a genuine state of distress, which seems to touch something in him.

"Then let’s get you to school right now! Hop on my bike," he says. Rose struggles to stand up. "That’s a great idea, but I need to charge my phone first," she replies. Frank says, "You won’t last that long." But there’s no other choice. The link to the website is only on her phone. He hands her an iPhone charger. She plugs it in and waits. The empty battery icon appears. This always takes a moment, but it’s never felt as long as now. Her bladder has never been so full. She shifts from foot to foot, hands between her legs, frequently tapping her phone’s screen.

After two minutes, the Apple logo appears. “How much battery will I need to get to school?” she wonders. Frank stands behind her, trying to calm her, stroking her arms and kissing her neck. This doesn’t relieve any of the pressure on her bladder, but it sends a different kind of thrill through her. Her hands, so vital in holding it all in, now unintentionally stimulate her clitoris.

At 2% battery, it’s still too low. Frank turns her to face him, looking deeply into her eyes. "A little distraction might help you hold out for a few more minutes," he says, and he kisses her intensely. Rose has never felt a combination of emotions like this. Her bladder is about to burst, her underwear soaked from both the wine and other sensations, and she’s kissing an amazing man. It’s both agony and bliss at once. They hold on for a few minutes, until the pressure builds too high again. All the wine presses outwards, but the tight fabric won’t give. Her phone now reads 9%—this should be enough.

Rose and Frank rush to the bike. This will be the hardest ride of her life. She sits on the back, unable to pedal herself. Every second feels unbearable. “Hurry, can’t you go faster?” she yells from behind. “Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.” They hit a speed bump, causing another brief leak in her underwear. In any other situation, she would have lost it completely by now, but it’s physically impossible. She recognizes the streets—it’s normally a four-minute ride from here.

Thankfully, Frank speeds up. She’s almost in a trance now, as if detached from herself. He races down the street, and finally, she sees the school in the distance, where relief awaits. Frank brakes and helps Rose dismount with great difficulty. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck." She presses her hands deep between her legs but can’t let go to retrieve her phone. She asks Frank to take it out of her pocket. Another spurt dampens her underwear. "7842," she says, that’s my code. "7, 8, 4… and then?"

“1?” Wrong password. “7842, HURRY UP FRANK.”

She’s stood here before and remembers that even connecting to the Wi-Fi could be a challenge. Her stomach cramps as she watches Frank try to connect to a faint signal. It fails the first two times. Tears fill her eyes; what has she done to herself? All the wine fills her with both anger and desire. Her hands, still pressed between her legs, provide slight stimulation, but it’s just not enough due to the fabric’s tightness. She hasn’t climaxed in eight months, so this isn’t just about needing to relieve herself.

“Connected!” Frank announces. “There’s a connection!” OPEN appears on the screen. "CLICK IT, PLEASE," she cries. He clicks it, but nothing happens immediately. He clicks again, and again, and again. Apparently, there’s a delay, and the waistband now responds to all those commands in succession. It opens slightly, allowing a brief stream to escape, then snaps shut again. The most intense tease. She tasted relief for a mere two seconds. It happens again: the waistband loosens, giving her two seconds of release before tightening again. “Aaaaaaah, help.” The tightening elastic applies unbearable pressure on her swollen bladder. "OKAY, JUST ONE CLICK," she yells, teary-eyed. Click

Nothing happens. "WAIT!" Rose shouts. “Damn, the connection dropped,” says Frank. He dives back into the settings, but now can’t find the school’s network. Rose starts to cry, unsure if she’ll ever get through this. She clenches her teeth, hoping it’ll offer some relief. Frank keeps refreshing, but nothing happens. No signal. He moves closer to the gate, trying again. “YES, it’s back!” he calls out. He returns to the page and quickly clicks, but by then it reads ‘close.’ The previous command finally came through. Her pants loosen again momentarily, letting her relieve herself briefly, only to snap shut again. Rose collapses to her knees. This is the ultimate humiliation.

Frank tries one last time, and slowly, the elastic loosens, giving her pants some slack. The fabric finally releases, and as soon as it does, she begins to let go, flooding her pants without being able to stop. She’s been holding this for hours, and all the champagne and wine flows out. The relief is almost greater than the orgasm she had eight months ago. The stress is so overwhelming she doesn’t care about the security cameras or the approaching dawn. Nor about the fact that this is happening on a first date. Frank finds it one of the most exciting things he’s ever witnessed. Rose is immensely relieved; her bladder is finally empty, and they plan to head home quickly. While it’s still dark, no one will notice her soaked pants. Back at Frank’s place, she can shower.

Once home, only one feeling remains. They’re both incredibly aroused. Frank leads Rose to the bathroom and kisses her passionately. This is exactly what she needed. He’s an amazing guy. Rose lets go of all her reservations. This man has been so good to her. He starts undressing her, stroking her, his hand gliding from her chest down to her navel. It’s exactly what she feared, but she no longer cares. He slides his hands down, touching her through the fabric. Just as with her own hands, it provides a bit of stimulation, but it’s not enough. She can’t wait for his hands to go further. And they do—he slides his fingers between her legs, and the sensation is indescribable. She trembles instantly, partially due to the lingering pressure on her bladder, as she never fully relieved it, but it doesn’t matter now. He repeats the motion before turning his attention back to her chest. It’s time to step into the shower together. She knows it’s wrong, but it feels perfect.

Frank reaches down to pull her underwear off, but it doesn’t budge. Just as he tries, the safety feature kicks in again. Her underwear tightens around her, making it impossible to reach her. "OH NO, I SHOULD’VE TAKEN IT OFF RIGHT AWAY," she exclaims. In the heat of the moment, she completely forgot about that feature. "Oh no, how frustrating." Her built-up arousal will once again end without release. Tonight will end like every other—going to bed unsatisfied. They step into the shower, kissing, though both feel the disappointment. She was so close.

After showering, Frank offers her tea, and they curl up together in bed, cuddling. He strokes over her underwear, but it only heightens her frustration as she can barely feel anything. She really needs to relieve herself before sleeping, but it’s impossible. The tea and wine finally lull her to sleep. She sets her alarm for 11 a.m., so she’ll only get a few hours of rest. She has a 12-hour workday ahead and hopes to wake up refreshed. One thing is certain: her bladder will be full.

*003*2024-11-13 01:00

{{11 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

This is so so good! Love an original idea

}}

Great to hear, thank you! I still have a lot of ideas; do you think it’s worth a follow-up?

*005*2024-11-13 10:45

{{1 hour ago, Flush said:

I really like this story, a great concept with an even better execution. I would love to see more or your writing in the future.

I love the details in this story; how you described the psychology behind your main character and the sexual tension between the two characters because of it. I also liked your description of the panties with a perfect amount of detail.

}}

Thanks! Really appreciate it. There’s more to come 🙂

*006*2024-11-14 19:05

Summary of Part 1 & 2: Rose, a young design student, tests her prototype: high-tech underwear that only unlocks with mutual consent via an app. The test turns disastrous when she realizes the device only works on her school's Wi-Fi. She heads to work a shift on a boat, unable to return to school for hours. As the evening drags on, her discomfort grows unbearable, trapped by her own creation. Finally, in the dead of night, Rose makes a desperate, agonizing bike ride back to school, praying the Wi-Fi will connect before her body gives out. The night descends into a suspenseful struggle against time, technology, and her own limits.

###

In a deep sleep, it's sometimes hard to tell reality from dreams. Last night's nightmare keeps replaying in Rose's mind, blurring the lines between what happened and what didn't. The intense pressure in her bladder, the tight underwear, the denied climax, and, most of all, the guilt--because, in the end, she blames herself for it all. The only comforting part of the dream was kissing and caressing Frank; that's the one bright spot amidst the chaos. It had been her first intimate experience with a man, something special. But some things aren't just in her dream--some of it is real, like the pressing urge in her bladder and the gentle stroking on her arm. Slowly, she wakes up, turning to find herself face-to-face with her date, Frank.

"Good morning," she says, still groggy.

Frank grins, "Well, good afternoon, I should say, darling."

"Afternoon?!" she replies, startled, and sits up straight.

Her phone sits on the nightstand, charging to avoid the same problems she had with it before. She taps the screen--12:14 PM.

"OH MY GOD, DIDN'T WE SET AN ALARM?"

Frank nods, and somewhere in her memory, she recalls hearing an alarm in her dream. But exhaustion must have made her shut it off in her sleep.

"OH NO, THIS IS SO BAD. I have to be at work by 1 PM."

She briefly considers calling in sick, but she's already done that once recently for exams, and her boss had caught her. She can't risk that again. Plus, the job pays well, and she doesn't want to lose it.

She opens her email to check where she needs to be. There's a company event for a major mortgage lender at the convention hall. She's expected at 1 PM, and the event runs until 1 AM--a long workday.

"Okay, I need to hurry. It's about a half-hour bike ride from here."

She asks Frank if she can borrow a pair of jogging pants since her own are still soaked from last night, then sits on the edge of the bed, facing another reality check--she really needs the bathroom. It's no wonder, with all the wine and tea still in her system, plus she already needed to go before falling asleep. The night hasn't helped her situation at all. Under normal circumstances, she'd dash to the bathroom right now, but she hasn't forgotten she's still wearing her 'digital consent' underwear. She'll have to hurry and stop by school to use the app and swap her underwear if she's going to make it.

As she quickly freshens up, Frank, in his own hurry, prepares a simple breakfast for her. She pulls on his jogging pants and reuses her outfit from yesterday. She quickly eats two crackers and drinks a steaming cup of coffee. Checking her essentials, she heads to the door with Frank. They share a tight hug, and then the passionate kiss from last night repeats itself, just as intense.

"Come on, you have to go," Frank says, but Rose silences him with another kiss.

They linger there, in the doorway, for a few minutes. Frank had been unexpectedly aroused by her desperation last night, so knowing she still needs the bathroom now, he savors the moment a bit longer. She shifts slightly as they kiss, legs fidgeting, but her urgency isn't nearly as intense as it had been the night before.

"Okay, hurry. Sorry. I hope I see you soon--I had a great time. And, again, sorry for the craziness last night." She says.

Frank assures her it was wonderful, a perfect first impression. They exchange goodbyes, and Rose hops on her bike.

She inputs the convention hall into Google Maps and waits for her estimated arrival time. Her phone calculates the route: 1:03 PM.

"Oh no, I'm literally late already," she mutters. "But I have to stop by school. There's no way I can make it through a day this long without it."

Luckily, her route passes by the school, so she decides to outpace Google Maps, pedaling furiously. If she goes extra fast at the start, maybe she can shave off a minute or two. She races down the same path she'd taken last night, from Frank's house to her school. The urge to use the bathroom grows stronger, but thinking back to her desperate state from last night keeps it in check. The bike seat offers a bit of relief as she pedals on, determined to make it through.

As the school comes into view, Rose glances at her phone again. Bad news. Her estimated arrival time is 1:02 PM.

"How is that possible?" she thinks, frustration rising. "I've been biking like crazy; this can't be right."

A flood of doubt overtakes her. She can't possibly survive the day if she skips her pit stop at school, but being late to such a major corporate event is a huge offense. Health is crucial, of course, but she's still trying to win back her boss's favor after her recent sick leave.

"Oh, this is bad, I already need to go so badly."

But an idea comes to her--maybe she could call her boss to let him know. She steps off her bike, walks toward the bike racks, and dials his number.

The phone rings as she waits her turn in line at the bike racks. Soon, she hears her boss on the line.

"Hi, it's Pete," he says.

"Hi Pete, it's Rose. I'm on my way, but I've run into a small delay. Would it be alright if I'm ten minutes late? I'd be more than willing to stay longer if necessary," she says, trying to keep her tone upbeat.

Silence fills the line briefly. She hears the sounds of preparation for the event in the background.

"Rose, this is really not the time. Why is it that I can't rely on anyone here? We're down five staff members today because of last-minute sick calls out of fifteen. You better make sure you're here by 1 PM sharp." His tone is curt, clearly exasperated.

That's not what she wanted to hear. With a resigned sigh, she steps out of the bike rack line, hops back on her bike, and pedals as fast as she can toward the convention hall. Maybe, just maybe, she could find a way to sneak off to school later. Pushing her speed even more to make up for lost time, she arrives just in time, but the atmosphere is tense. She quickly grabs her uniform--a crisp white blouse and a black apron--and changes. The hospitality team awaits her as the briefing begins.

"Alright, everyone, listen up," Pete says, addressing the team. "This is one of my biggest clients, and we're off to a terrible start. I planned for fifteen hostesses and servers, but now we're down to ten because of sudden absences. Shortly, 120 guests will arrive for presentations, drinks, and a party. It's nearly impossible with this few people, especially for such a long day, but I'm counting on you. We'll switch positions every 90 minutes, but make sure each station is staffed at all times--no empty reception desks or deserted bars. Use the radio if you need anything. And remember, stay polite; these people are all business."

He then assigns everyone to their starting positions.

There's a ten-minute buffer before the guests start arriving. In an ideal world, Rose would have used that time to stop by school. The coffee she drank this morning has added to her bladder's strain, and she can't do much to address the problem here. She avoids the restroom, recalling from last night that getting close only worsens the urge. Already, the situation feels critical, and her workday has barely started.

As the first guests trickle in, Rose begins serving drinks. Every attendee gets something to sip as they walk in. At first, she thinks of her bladder constantly, but gradually the discomfort fades slightly. Perhaps, after last night, her body has grown accustomed to the feeling. The guests are indeed the classic corporate types--reserved and expecting flawless service. When the initial rush slows, she stands by a high table, leaning against it to relieve some of the pressure in her bladder. The presentation is dry, and, running on little sleep, she starts to feel drowsy. She knows it's risky, but she orders a double espresso at the bar. The caffeine helps her stay alert, though she keeps her liquid intake minimal. As the crowd begins moving again, it's easier to stay focused.

Then, a call on the radio: "Time for the third position change."

Now Rose is stationed behind the bar with Josh. It's a busy spot. Rose volunteers to restock the fridges and dry the glasses, trying to avoid direct contact with liquids. Just watching the beer flow from the tap makes her instinctively cross her legs. She busies herself drying wine glasses, occasionally sneaking a hand discreetly between her legs for relief behind the cover of the bar. Noticing the coke is running low in the fridge, Josh asks her to fetch another crate. She realizes, too late, that this was a miscalculation. As she bends down awkwardly to lift the crate, a small drop escapes into her underwear. She's pushed her limit. Straining, she manages to bring the crate back to the bar, then bends over, fighting the discomfort to load the bottles into the fridge. Immediately after, she suggests switching roles. She isn't going to risk the crate task again.

Now she focuses on the beer tap. It's in high demand. She tries not to look directly at the golden, flowing liquid, as each time she does, she feels a drop move lower, dangerously close to leaking. The last time she relieved herself was at 4:45 AM. She distracts herself with customers, masking her discomfort expertly. No one has a clue what's going on beneath her calm, professional demeanor.

The radio crackles with urgency: "Emma to Pete, Emma to Pete. I'm here at reception, but I really need to use the restroom. Can I go? There's no one else coming in right now."

"Pete to Emma," comes the response, harsh and unyielding. "No, you need to stay put. We can't afford to have anyone leave their post right now."

"Justice," Rose thinks, though she's sure she needs to go far worse than Emma does. Still, it's a small comfort knowing she's not alone in her suffering.

Then another voice: "Olivia to Pete. Same here. I get that we're swamped, but we should at least be able to take a bathroom break, right?"

"Enough with the complaints, everyone," Pete snaps back. "We're understaffed as it is. I'm asking you all for cooperation today, just this once."

"Emma to Pete, couldn't Olivia and I just swap for a few minutes?"

"I already said no! What part of that isn't clear?"

Rose feels a wave of panic ripple through her. Hearing the outright refusal only emphasizes the futility of her own situation. Not that being granted a break would help--her 'digital consent' underwear would stop her in her tracks.

The radio crackles again with Pete's voice:

"Alright, it's 8:30 PM, time to switch stations. Rose, you're up for reception."

Sighing, Rose weaves through the crowd toward the entrance, where late arrivals would be welcomed and handed event brochures. She meets Emma at the door, who is visibly frustrated but keeps a forced smile in place in case any guests are nearby.

"This is unbelievable," Emma whispers fiercely. "Who does he think he is? I haven't gone to the bathroom since the start of this event--seven hours ago. I'm about to burst."

Rose can only commiserate, admitting she disagrees with Pete's stance as well.

"Good luck, girl, this isn't the best spot," Emma says before hurrying off.

And that was an understatement. Who decided someone needed to stand here all day? Almost everyone is already inside, and for any latecomers, a server could easily handle handing out brochures. But there's no choice. Rose braces herself, aware that she'll be here, alone, for the next hour and a half.

She stands upright, holding the brochures, but within minutes, she's acutely aware of the cold draft blowing in from the door. Her bladder is painfully full, despite her limited drinks throughout the day. She presses her thighs together in a subtle attempt at relief. Placing a hand between her legs is out of the question; if Pete spots her, he'd be furious. So, she stands, forced to smile at the prospect of "potential latecomers." So far, not a single one has appeared. Time crawls by, each second amplifying the ache in her abdomen. It's so mind-numbingly dull here that every passing minute sharpens her awareness of the pressure building below. She's sure her distended bladder is even visible at this point. Occasionally, a wave of pressure makes her shift her weight subtly from foot to foot, desperately trying to think of anything other than her situation.

She catches herself daydreaming about last night, about Frank's hand slipping into her underwear, how incredible it felt--before that same underwear ruined everything. Now it's doing the same thing, in an entirely different way.

The radio crackles again:

"Olivia to Pete, there's no one at the bar right now. Can I please just slip out for two minutes? I'll be right back."

"You're not going anywhere. I've told you all repeatedly: this client is important. Act like adults and control yourselves; we're not children."

Rose listens to the exchange and instinctively stops her slight swaying. These are possibly the longest 90 minutes of her life. Standing at the door, she even considers running outside, finding a hidden spot, and just letting go. But the fact that she can't, that even this wild fantasy is impossible, drives her crazy. She resumes her subtle swaying, thighs brushing together for a sliver of relief. She dreams of how it would feel just to press her hand between her legs, to ease the tension somehow.

Suddenly, a voice behind her startles her: "ROSE!"

It's Pete, and he's been watching her for a while, apparently. She jumps, and in the process, another small leak dampens her underwear.

"Are you deaf? Is your radio off?" Pete scolds. "Quit the swaying; it looks unprofessional."

Rose explains that she, like her coworkers, hasn't had a bathroom break all afternoon. It feels good to say that. Pete's expression softens for a moment.

"Alright, I get it. I'm going around to everyone and will relieve you for five minutes. I'll start with you."

Relief and panic crash into her simultaneously. Part of her is overjoyed to finally get a break, but reality slams into her--she won't be able to do anything even if she goes. She thanks Pete and walks to the restroom, though every instinct screams at her to stay far away. Once inside, she slips into a stall, clenching every muscle as if holding back a dam. She takes slow, shaky breaths, trying to steady herself. From the next stall, the unmistakable sound of someone else finding sweet relief fills the air, the running water sending icy shivers down her spine. She'd give anything to sit down and let it all go, but that choice is agonizingly out of reach.

Out of nowhere, a spark of hope flares up. She grabs her phone and quickly messages her friend who built the website for her "digital consent" underwear, asking if he's found any way to unlock it remotely. She holds her breath as the message indicator flickers to "typing..." Her pulse races--maybe, just maybe, there's a way out of this. Each second drags as she watches, waiting, willing him to type something, anything, that could save her from this nightmare. Finally, the reply appears on her screen: a single word, cold and final.

"No."

Her stomach drops. It's just one more crushing blow in a day where everything has gone wrong. But she swallows her frustration, forcing herself to stay composed.

Rose spends the next 90 minutes stationed by the snack table, finally with a bit of distraction. Her colleagues all seem relaxed again, and she tries to mirror their calm, even though the pressure within her is building to an unbearable degree.

Then, at half-past eleven, the radio buzzes:

"Final switch of the evening. Olivia and Emma, head to the bar. Rose, you're on the stage."

"Stage?!" Rose thinks, startled.

Pete's voice crackles in, "The DJ's on right now, but he'll give you the mic soon for the final address. Thank the company, the venue, and the DJ, and let everyone know there's an after-party in the adjacent hall."

Rose radios back, "Wait, me? Why me? Haven't the male hosts been doing that all day? And this after-party...what exactly does that mean?"

Pete replies, "It'll be fun for you, Rose. The guys are handling things in the back. The after-party is optional; we're not needed there."

The thought of an after-party was her worst nightmare, but thankfully, they aren't required to stay. As long as her speech goes smoothly, she's done for the night, and she won't have to endure any more hours with her painfully full bladder. She sits down beside the stage, clutching the script in her hand. The chair is excruciatingly uncomfortable given her situation. It's midnight, and she still has over fifty minutes until her speech. A pitcher of water sits on the table for the hosts. Rose has limited herself all day to a juice and a double espresso, both for alertness and out of sheer necessity. But the thirst is intense.

Curious, she discreetly googles on her phone, in incognito mode, "How long does it take for water to reach your bladder?"

The answer suggests it could take up to two hours, which would mean she could drink now and hopefully relieve herself when she gets home. With one hand pressing subtly against herself for relief, she pours a large glass of water with the other and drinks. The cold water is heavenly, quenching her dry throat and soothing her nerves for a moment. She drinks another glass and a half, telling herself she deserves this small comfort after surviving the day.

At last, the DJ calls her name, and the spotlight shines on her. Rose carefully rises from her seat but pauses to steady herself as a quick leak escapes. The tight fabric stops it before it becomes noticeable. She steps onto the stage with deliberate, strained movements and takes the microphone, painfully aware of the pressure in her abdomen. She'd love to shift her weight or subtly dance from foot to foot, but her coworkers and boss expect her to have taken her break just recently. With 120 pairs of eyes watching her, she has no choice but to act composed.

Her voice wavers slightly as she thanks the company, the venue, and the DJ, then announces the after-party as instructed. As the lights come up and people begin to trickle toward the exits, she thinks she's finally free. But her relief is short-lived as each guest seems to move at a painfully slow pace, lingering to say goodbye or chat. Every second feels like an eternity, her bladder's demands intensifying with each casual goodbye and every slow shuffle toward the doors. She grits her teeth, watching in silent agony as the crowd drags on, while her bladder's demands grow increasingly unbearable.

Backstage, Pete gathers the team in the kitchen, his face glowing with pride as he congratulates them on pulling off the event with such a skeleton crew. Rose stands among them, barely hearing his words, her mind consumed by the unrelenting pressure. Pete's speech drags on, each word stretching painfully as she fights to keep her composure, her body screaming for relief. Finally, he wraps up, announcing that they're free to change out of their uniforms.

The moment he finishes, everyone makes a dash for the restroom, a line instantly forming as team members eagerly wait their turn. Rose's heart sinks at the sight, her pulse quickening as she realizes how hopeless her situation is--even an empty restroom wouldn't solve her problem. The thought of standing in that line, pretending everything is normal, feels impossible. Fighting panic, she makes a swift exit, bypassing the changing room entirely, and slips outside before anyone can notice her strained expression or the telltale swell of her abdomen.

As Rose stumbles outside, she nearly crashes into a group of lingering guests who haven't yet made their way to the afterparty. They stop her, calling out for directions. She freezes, and the sudden halt is too much -- her hand flies instinctively to her waist, pressing down hard as a wave of desperation nearly overcomes her.

"Not in front of the guests!" she thinks frantically, forcing herself to release her grip, but her body betrays her; she's right on the edge, and hiding it is impossible now.

"Can't you see she's desperate to leave?" one of them snaps. "We'll find it ourselves. But really, you should probably hit the bathroom before you go."

She hops on her bike. Relief is within reach, but it's a precarious journey. Every slight loosening of her underwear releases another drop, indicating she's filled beyond capacity. She has to bike half an hour to school, connect to her phone, disable the app's lock, and then, once again, find a discreet spot to relieve herself. The situation is dire--she's right back to the same desperate state as last night, or worse. Pedaling furiously, she feels the tension increase with every bump and jolt, each one sending another dribble past her control.

Sweat beads on her forehead as she zooms along the path, passing a babbling stream that only heightens her sense of urgency. Every loose tile, every bump in the road makes her groan softly, tightening every muscle to keep the flood at bay. The half-hour stretches torturously, feeling more like hours. What if she can't unlock it in time? Desperation overrides reason, and she starts thinking of last-resort options: maybe she could drill a hole in it if the material allows, or even call the fire department to cut it open with the kind of tool they use to rescue people trapped in cars. But even just imagining those options makes it worse--she knows she can't wait that long. Not a chance.

All conventions are forgotten in her mind now. There are no rules, no constraints. Her only mission is to make it--before she completely loses control, or whatever version of that is even possible.

In the distance, Rose finally sees her school. She's been in this situation more times than she'd care to admit. She gets off her bike and lets out a huge groan. With the pressure from the seat gone, she immediately presses her hands tightly into her crotch again. Last night, Frank had been there to grab her phone for her; now she has to do it herself. But it's not working. The pressure is too overwhelming.

"Okay, you're almost there, Rose, come on," she whispers to herself. What must the neighbors think?

Carefully, she pulls out her phone, types in her code, and, with tears in her eyes, opens her Wi-Fi settings. She searches for the network, but she can't find it.

"Goddamn it, again," she mutters.

Once more, her phone searches for the network, but it's not there. Last night, it had worked when she got closer to the gate. She takes tiny steps toward the gate, trying the connection again, but once more, no network appears. She has no idea what to do. What if it really doesn't work this time? It had worked the other times...

Once more, she tries to connect.

"FUCK!" she shouts and starts crying. "I've been waiting all day for this moment; it has to work. I'm so close."

She knows she has to reach the building, where the Wi-Fi might finally connect, but the gate stands in her way. Climbing it feels impossible; one jolt or heavy landing would shatter the fragile hold she has left. Her bladder feels ready to burst, every step like walking on a ticking time bomb. Rose is on the verge of breaking, driven by a desperate urgency unlike anything she's ever felt. She has seconds--maybe less.

Using a lower section, she climbs onto the gate and carefully slides down to the other side. Her bladder cramps, and another full spurt escapes, intensifying her desperation. She wants so badly to let go entirely. Gritting her teeth, she tries--she consciously tries--to release, hoping that maybe, just maybe, her body will override the barrier. But the fabric holds firm, refusing her even that.

"WHY DID I MAKE THIS FABRIC WATERPROOF? IF I HADN'T, I COULD JUST LET GO RIGHT NOW," she says angrily to herself.

Just when she thinks the pressure can't get any worse, another wave hits, overwhelming her. She realizes that the two-and-a-half glasses of water she drank have now found their way to her bladder.

She moves slowly around the building, stopping at every spot to try and connect to the Wi-Fi. But she has no luck. Farther ahead, she sees a large open window. She remembers reading somewhere that walls can interfere with Wi-Fi signals, so by an open window, it should definitely work. She shuffles over in tiny steps toward the window; it takes several minutes, but she can't move any faster. To her surprise, the window is fully open, meaning she could literally enter the school through it. If she manages to connect inside, she won't have to walk home with soaked pants. She pushes the window open a bit more and carefully climbs inside. And then, believe it or not, the school's Wi-Fi network appears on her screen. She lets out a soft cheer, but even that causes another spurt in her pants--about three drops.

The thought of finally being able to relieve herself excites her. The sensation last night was almost orgasmic, and today, her need is beyond that.. Soon, 21 hours of pent-up urine will come pouring out of her. Slowly, she moves toward the spot where she knows there's a bathroom. Her pace is painfully slow, but she's moving. The Wi-Fi remains connected. She opens the website, but it doesn't load immediately. She tries again, and again it fails to load. She starts to sweat, realizing she's reached the bathroom stall. Opening the door, she's met with the sight of the toilet--her body reacts instantly, trying to release, but her soaked underwear can't hold another drop. Her muscles surrender, but the fabric has become her new sphincter, holding back every drop with ruthless efficiency.

It's love at first sight; she's never been so happy to see a porcelain bowl. She tries the website again, and slowly, the elements begin to load. First, the outline of the button, then the logo. And finally, the text: Open.

Just then, Frank calls. His ringtone echoes through the empty hallway of the school. She declines the call; this is not the moment. Again, she sees her site. The "Open" button calls to her. She reaches for it with her finger. Frank calls again. Once more, her screen lights up with "Frank Tinder."

"GET LOST, FRANK!" she yells.

Her voice echoes down the hallway. Instantly, an alarm goes off--a piercing, high-pitched sound blaring through the corridor.

She loses control again, but the waterproof fabric is completely full. Tears well up in her eyes. The universe seems determined to prevent her from relieving herself. Almost immediately, a security guard appears, grabbing all her belongings and pinning her to the ground. He presses intensely on her bladder, triggering a desperate response, but it's as though a cork seals her shut.

"GIVE ME MY PHONE BACK!" She screams.

''How do I know it's really yours, thief?" says the guard.

Within four minutes, two police officers arrive. All Rose can do is cry as she tries to explain the entire story to them, just as she had to Frank. But this time, there's little sympathy.

"Please, if you take me now, it's a crime. If I don't get to open my pants now, you'll be committing a real crime. Just let me press that button once."

''If you hadn't broken in, you could've pressed that button as much as you liked," says the officer.

More of the water from earlier reaches her bladder. She's never felt panic this intense. Where is Frank to explain everything? If only he were here.

Rose tries to explain that her bladder is LITERALLY about to burst and that it's impossible to hold it any longer. The officer says he's heard these kinds of claims before and shouts at Rose to stop overreacting.

"If your bladder's full enough, the pee will come out on its own; it can't explode because your sphincter will give out first," he says. "So until then, you're both a drama queen and a trespasser. Come along.''

She hears one officer radio in, "Dispatch, this is 458. We have a disturbed woman on site, apparently unarmed. Situation is under control but may require additional support. Prepare one holding cell for the night, please. Over."

"No, you don't understand! You don't understand!" Rose's voice trembles as she looks at the officer with desperate, pleading eyes. "Just give me my phone for ten seconds--that's all I need to open my pants, then I'll come with you," she begs, her voice almost breaking.

The officer, unfazed, shakes his head and tries to calm her down.

"You're under arrest, which means your phone is confiscated. If you stop struggling, you'll be at the station soon enough, where there's a toilet right in the middle of the cell you can use as much as you want," he says firmly, oblivious to the intensity of her predicament.

"YOU... DON'T... UNDERSTAND." she cries.

Rose feels herself being lifted by her arms and escorted outside, as her last chance at relief slips away, leaving her in unrelenting, unbearable need.

