Have Faith In Your Goddess - (H.Dimension Neptunia)

Author: ScarletteV

*000*2018-12-23 00:48

Soooo.... hai~ This is my first attempt at writing an omofic, or... really any kind of topic on this site! I'm pretty new to the whole 'omofic writing' scene, so be nice!~

Seeing the lack of Neptunia stuff here is... shameful. Hah, kidding!~ I just wish there was more Neptunia stuff here, sooooo that's what this is!

This particular fic focuses on Neptune (with maybe some Nepgear and Plutia stuff as well).

I won't delay anymore! Here we go!~

###

Gamindustri. A realm that exists... somewhere above the normal world, made up by four, warring nations.

The first, most powerful is Lastation, founded and ruled by CPU Black Heart, also known as Noire in her human form.

After that we have Leanbox, founded and ruled by CPU Green Heart, known as Vert in her human form.

Next is Lowee, founded and ruled by CPU White Heart, known as Blanc in her human form.

And finally, the weakest nation of the four, Planeptune, founded by CPU Iris Heart, known as Plutia, and currently ruled by CPU Purple Heart, known as Neptune in her human form.

Everyone in Planeptune has immense faith in Purple Heart. But, this isn't the topic here. Let's... get into the story.

It was the middle of the night. I was still awake, spinning around in my special chair, when a loud crash rang out in the nearby forest. Normally, a normal person would ignore it, or be scared and warm the authorities. Not me though! I have a death wish! Not literally, but you get what I mean. I grabbed my... rather dinky wooden katana, and rushed off to find out what caused the sound. Now, I'll take this oppotunity to explain what I look like. I'm short, about 5'1", with scruffy red hair that goes down toooo... about my waist. I usually wear a black hoodie over the top a red shirt, and a long black skirt- sometimes jeans, like this particular day. For footwear? Just some white boots with a big N symbol on the front. Strange design, but they're really comfy, so I don't really complain. In my hair I have two, purple D-Pad hairclips with red glowing lights. I don't remember who gave them to me though, but I feel like they're important to me, so I always wear them just in case.

Rushing into the forest, I could see a... giant crater. And in the crater was... a, uh... a girl. She was just sitting there, dazed and confused, rubbing her head. I slid down into the crater, running over to the girl.

"Hey, are you okay?"

"...Huh? BWAAAAAAAAH! Who are you? And... where am I?"

"You're... in the middle of a forest... in a crater." I sighed, sitting down now.

"Well, yeah, I can see that. But, like where in Gamindustri?"

"...where?"

"Oh boy, I have a loooot to explain..."

"I'm all ears!"

The girl, who's name I found out was Neptune- she said that I was the first outside of Gamindustri to not ahve trouble pronouncing it. It's not that hard to pronounce- Nep-tyoon. Anyway, she explained that she was a CPU, and the ruler of a nation called Planeptune. I asked her what she was doing down here, but she didn't seem to know. So I just took her home and we slept. For once.

The next day, we went out to try and fix Neptune's memory. She only remembered small chunks of Gamindustri and Planeptune.

"Soooo... there should be a CPU Memory Chip somewhere in the forest, riiiiight?" She asked, causing me to giggle.

"Would I bring you here otherwise?"

"Well, you might've wanted to farm for Levels before we fight a Boss or something."

"...Nah, that comes later."

"WAIT YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"

"Well, yeah. We're the protagonists of this fic, remember?"

"Oh yeah... heh, whoops! Almost forgot that."

We treked through the same forest Neptune crashedlanded in last night, hunting for that CPU Memory. We encounted lots of Dogoo beforehand, which was... gross. Dogoo suck. But, it wasn't long before the ground started to shake.

"Heeey... Scar, this isn't normal, is it?"

"No, this only really happens if the ground is about to open up to the Crystal Caverns."

"Oh... wait..."

The ground opened up around us, and... we fell.

###

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Sorry it's so short!!! I've been trying to write this for a few days, but my motivation is severely lacking!! I'm so, so sorry!

I'll try to make the next parts longer, if you want any more parts... Tell me what you thing!~

*002*2018-12-23 04:49

Thanks!~

*005*2018-12-23 07:08

Oh deary me... I didn't expain Night-Rain to see this...

*sweating sharpens*

I can try something like that!

*006*2018-12-23 12:49

{{5 hours ago, ScarletteV said:

...expain...

}}

Whoops, my English is really bad for a native speaker!

*009*2018-12-25 23:16

@owo

Thanksies!!

And, uh... sorry for the lack of a next part...

Christmas has me away from my computed, do typing up the next part is kinds hard!

{{Just now, ScarletteV said:

...do typing up the next part is kinds hard!

}}

So! Damnit my English is bad.

*010*2019-01-22 10:50

Woo, part II! I'm finally updating this cocking story! It's taken awhile, but between family shit, writers block, and setting up my new PC rig, I'm finally going to make part 2! Or, rather, Chapter 2 in a sense. Soooo, without further adieu...

###

Neptune groaned, rubbing her head. That fall was a pretty damn long one, but she came out with only a mild headache and slight bruises. Nothing some Nep Bull VII can't fix, of course. Or some Healing Grass....

Wait...

"WHERE ARE MY ITEMS?" Neptune looked through all her pockets. All she found was some Nep Bull VII and a couple sticks of gum... She sighed, before standing up. "Well, at least I still have my Wooden Sword! So I can still beat the crap outta some poor innocent Dogoo!... oh who am I kidding, Dogoo aren't innocent... or are they? Also, where's that girl from before? She never told me her name... That's a bad sign, she could be the antagonist for all I know!" And so Neptune started walking down the crystal-laden cavern pathways, looking through each crack and crevise for new items. By the tiem she reached a large opening, she'd only found some Healing Grass and a couple SP Charges.

She stepped into the large, open room, she noticed something off. A soft panging from her lower abdomen, to be exact.

"Ooohhh... I gotta pee... kinda badly too. Ah well, I can hold it! I think." Neptune commented, looking around. "Big room though. Spacious. Definitely looks like a-"

A loud growl came from the darkness, as a large... dragon-like creature emerged. In one of its claws was that girl, and in the other was a... a trident? Odd weapon choice, but whatever.

"Bring it on, ugly!"

###

Will contunie this part when I'm not dying of heatstroke. Aussie summer weather, man. It's total bullshit.

*012*2019-01-23 12:34

Lucky i never sleep and always keep a bottle of cold water with me, eh?~

I'll get to finishing this part sometime tomorrow, so look out!

