Alec and Keri (Part 1)

Author: sammilove

*000*2021-10-03 00:10

Keri sat there in awe. Her husband of 5 years on the verge of wetting himself. And it was her fault. But she wasn’t upset. No, she wanted this to happen to him. They were only minutes away from their hotel with no traffic to add some more torment to him. “What a shame. Guess he will make it afterall.” She thought to herself.

”Babe, please hurry. My stomach hurts so bad. I’ve never had to go this badly.” said her Husband, Alec.

“I’m trying babe but do you want me to get a ticket only a few minutes away from the hotel?”

”…no. But please hurry! I don’t think I can wait much longer.” said Alec.

Keri and Alec both were 24. Married at 19 thanks to the Army. They both served their first contracts and decided to get out. They were on their first real trip since. Visiting a nice beach resort only an hour from home. Keri had a pee fetish as long as she could remember but never mentioned it to her husband. She had even had a few accidents around him and he didn’t seem to mind. Well today it was his turn for an accident. He was sitting straight up in the passenger seat. There was nothing he could do about his situation except wait. Both his hands were on his waistband, clearly trying to alleviate pressure on his bladder brought on by his very tight grey sweat pants.

Keri was beyond a roused. She could see the nice outline of his genitals and could hardly contain herself. She really had to pee as well but Knew she could wait a bit. At least until her husband couldn’t. The couple finally arrived at the hotel.

“Oh thank god! I seriously think I’m gonna have an accident if I have to wait any longer.”

”Well. There’s something we need to talk about first.” said Keri. “And yes you can wait.” cutting of Alec’s gesture to interrupt.

”I want to see you piss yourself when we get to the room. I have always wanted to see that. Because there’s something I’ve never told you, I really enjoy pee. And seeing you piss yourself, well, get ready for the best sex of your life honey.”

”Uhhh fuckkkkk. I have to go too badly to ask questions. But we have to go NOW!” said Alec.

As they exited the car, it appeared to Keri just how desperately her husband had to go. He was hard as rock. There was a damp spot clearly where some was trying to escape. He was dancing from foot to foot and grabbing himself. She was starting to think he wouldn’t make it to the room now.

”Fuck babe you peed a little didn’t you?” said Keri.

”Yeah, I did. Like two minutes ago. God this hurts.”

Keri grabbed him by the neck and pushed him up against the car. She had parked in a fairly secluded area just in case something like this did happen.

“Oh fuck babe, I’m so hot right now.” Said Keri as she reached down his pants grabbing his rock hard penis.

“Babe!!! Ughhh fuckkkk….I don’t th—“ Just then a small jet of pee shot out. “Oh no!!!” Cried Alec.

”Just let go babe. Right here. Right now.”

Alec couldn’t fight it any longer. Piss immediately began flowing out of him. He leaned back against the car while letting out an almost orgasmic sound. His pants quickly turned dark. The stream appeared to go mostly down his right leg although a few streaks went left.

“Oh fuck yeah babe. I’ve been looking forward to that all day. I don’t think you understand just how turned on I am right now. Take your fucking clothes off and get in the car. NOW!”

The couple got back in the car and drove to a more secluded location. Keri attacked Alec with full force and he was too tired to try to prolong it. The windows quickly fogged over and sounds of muffled moans took over the car. Keri first, then Alec. “Let’s go to the room now babe, I have to pee again.” Keri didn’t argue. Her bladder was now very, very full and the sex sure didn’t alleviate the pressure. She was honestly surprised none came out during.

The two checked into the room. Keri was trying her hardest to not show her desperation but her bladder was screaming. It took all of her attention and strength to not dance or fidget at the check in counter. “3rd floor, last room on the left.” Said the Clerk. The couple nodded and quickly shuffled away towards the elevators.

”uh what do you think your doing? No elevators missy. We’re dragging this out until you can’t wait.”

”How did you know??”

”You’ve been biting your lip and stretching your toes. Plus your bladder was very clearly bulging out of your stomach in the car. You’re too easy to tell.”

“Fuck. Are you into this or something? There’s no way you could know what to look for!”

”You didn’t close out your browser a few weeks ago. I saw the topics and did my own research from there. I just never expected you to put me in that position.”

”Babe, I—I am so sorry. I should’ve told you sooner.”

”It’s okay. Now it’s my turn. And we’re taking the stairs.” Said Alec with a devilish grin on his face. Keri was humiliated. She thought she had the upper hand. But She was also beyond happy too.

The two reached their floor. Keri was still dry somehow but there was a few close calls on the last flight of stairs. They ended up at the complete opposite end of the room. Keri was now openly holding herself trying to keep from publicly humiliating herself. Was Alec that mean that he would make her? Or was she in luck? She had never seen this side of him before.

They arrived at the room and they quickly entered. “Balcony. Now. But first, Take off your leggings. Panties only. It’s a complete concrete railing so who will know?”

Keri obliged and the two exited to the balcony. The cool fall air hit her legs and face, send cold chills down her entire body. She couldn’t stand still. She couldn’t remember the last time she had to pee this badly. She was sweating. Alex pushed her against the glass door and pulled down her panties. The cool air almost made her lose control right then and there.

”You can pee.” Alec said as he gripped her vulva. “I want to feel it gush out.”

Keri sighed and relaxed. The pee flowed out of her at a rate she hadn’t felt. She softly moaned. When she finished, the puddle beneath was spreading across the entire balcony. She had never seen so much pee come out of her.

”Damn babe. That’s a lot. Looks like I’ll have a hard time competing. But to explain earlier, my only question is why you didn’t tell me sooner. You know I’m open to pretty much anything when it comes to sex.”

”I just didn’t know how to tell you that I, a 24 year old woman, enjoys peeing her pants. I was just kind of hoping it would come up in conversation. But then this opportunity happened and of course I took it. I hope you don’t mind I forced you to drink that much water.”

”Never. I had an idea of what you were doing but had no idea my body would cave in like it did. I really want us to drink the exact same amount of water then see who can hold it the longest though. That’s something that seems like it’ll be really fun.” Said Alec as he smiled.

”Next time babe. We need to rest our bladders for awhile or we can hurt ourselves.”

”What’s one more time gonna really do? We’re both in good shape and very much hydrated.”

Keri winced at the idea. Getting to see her man desperately trying to keep his pants dry. Again. She couldn’t wait.

(Part 1/2)

