Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*000*2022-02-05 04:16

Like the last few stories I've posted, this was originally written using characters from a non-kink book I've written. So, name-changes were made and the setting was kept vague to keep it from being recognizable, I hope the vagueness does not distract from the desperation content.

A little bit of background that you need for this one to help it make a bit more sense is that Alex was raised in a cult. He grew up extremely isolated and has little understanding of how a lot of things work. He and Adam don’t really talk about the cult by name, just with terms like ‘how you grew up’ or ‘that place from before’, so I just want to spell it out clearly up here.

***

There were many firsts Alex had with his boyfriend Adam. Adam had been his first kiss, his first sexual experience, his first everything. The first time Alex ever went to see a movie, it had been with Adam. The first time Alex ever picked out his own clothes, it had been with Adam. The first time Alex ever drank soda, it had been with Adam.

Alex’s life up until a couple years ago, when Adam and his family moved in next door to his own, had been very unusual. Alex rarely ever went far beyond his family’s property and the woodland that surrounded it. He’d only been inside a restaurant a small handful of times. When his Mama took him grocery shopping, he was to stay right beside the cart and not look at anyone else. The only time Alex, or any of his five siblings, really interacted with people outside the family was at their church, but their church had been very unusual as well.

Then, Adam moved in next door. Adam and his parents were so different from anyone Alex had ever seen. Adam was so free, and he seemed to always know exactly what he wanted out of life and how to get it. Alex never knew any of those things; Adam had helped him learn, and soon they discovered how much they truly had in common.

Adam eventually came out to Alex; When Adam was born, people had assumed he was actually a girl, a notion that he’d protested from the moment he could speak. At first, Alex had been upset by this news, he’d been taught that people like Adam were horrible, monstrous even. But, Adam wasn’t monstrous at all, Adam was still Alex’s friend.

And… Everything Adam was saying, all the descriptions he’d provided about his feelings and his identity, all of it had made so much sense to Alex. And, that was when Alex realized that he wasn’t a girl, either.

When tensions between their families erupted, Alex’s family split apart. His Mama and a few of his siblings moved to the city with Adam and his family, while Alex’s other siblings stayed with their Papa. Adam began to help Alex transition, Adam bought Alex special garments with which to flatten his chest, as well as a prosthetic device he could use to pee standing up, and taught him how to use it without making a mess. These were things that gave him a more masculine appearance and made him feel at home in his own skin for the first time in his life.

That had all happened some time ago, Alex had been living authentically for quite a while now. He and Adam had their own place, and slept cuddled together each night like they’d always wanted to. When the nightmares came to Alex, reminding him of events whose only redeeming quality was the fact they were over, he could wake up in a comforting set of arms, catch his breath, and realize that he was always going to be safe now.

The biggest ‘first’ Alex had with Adam was this; Adam was the first person that made Alex feel complete and understood.

Today, Alex was going to have another ‘first’ with Adam; His first time going to a rock concert. Rock music had been banned at Alex’s house growing up, just like all music with vocals, except for hymns; And even then, only the hymns that were approved by their church. Alex had never heard rock music until Adam had played some for him.

Alex had been taught that rock was all about devil worship, but nothing in the songs Adam had shown to him had ever sounded evil. Most of it only made Alex feel pumped up and happy.

Before they left for the concert, Alex nervously asked Adam how he looked. To Adam, Alex always looked hot; He liked to keep his hair long and tied back in a ponytail, which made him look a little like a rockstar, and he’d been blessed with every trans-man’s dream of a naturally masculine build, which only looked better now that he’d begun lifting weights. “You look great,” Adam told him.

“My chest?” Alex asked. “Is it on right?”

Adam knew Alex meant the binder. It had taken a while for Alex to learn how to put it on in a way that didn’t pinch or make it hard to breathe. It had been a while since Adam had needed to wear a binder himself, his top-surgery had been his eighteenth birthday present from his parents. He and Alex were still working on getting Alex onto the same path.

Adam assured Alex that his chest looked fine, and that if nothing was pinching or squeezing too hard, that meant he’d put it on right. He added that he’d find Alex a binder with a zipper on the front, one that would be easier to put on and take off. “Are you ready to go?” he asked.

Alex nodded, a little uneasily. The concert was being held at a stadium. Alex had never been inside a stadium before. He’d never been anywhere so big, and so full of people. It made his skin feel fluttery. “What is it like there?” he asked.

“It will be loud and crowded,” Adam said. “And, I won’t lie, it’s pretty easy to get lost. But, just stick right next to me the whole time, and you’ll be okay.”

“Okay…” Alex said, a hint of trepidation in his voice.

The ride there was long. Partway through, Alex was given a very unwanted reminder that he had neglected to use the restroom before they’d left. He honestly just hadn’t felt any urge to go then, but he certainly did now.

Adam probably wasn’t going to want to stop anywhere. It could make them late. And, Alex knew that lots of places didn’t let anybody use their restroom unless they bought something first. Some places didn’t let anybody use them at all. If they stopped at a place like that, they’d have to leave and find somewhere else, and maybe Alex wouldn’t be able to go there, either. It would just be a huge inconvenience, and Alex did not want to inconvenience Adam when he was so excited about the concert.

The stadium would have a restroom somewhere, surely. Alex could hold it until then. And, he wouldn’t even have to worry about waiting for a stall. Now that he had his STP, he could use a urinal and be out in just a couple minutes, no time spent bouncing up and down as he waited anxiously for a free toilet. All he’d need to do was get to a vacant urinal, pull down his zipper and—

Alex shook his head fiercely, trying to erase the fantasy as if his brain were an etch-a-sketch. Thinking about how nice peeing was gonna feel was going to turn what was now just a slight, thrumming annoyance into more of a true emergency. He flexed his thighs a little, adjusted in his seat, and looked out the window.

Looking out the window didn’t really help him gauge how close they were. Even now, he’d seen so little of the city, and so much of it all looked identical to him. A bunch of big, tall, silver buildings, one right after the other. He could barely tell different areas of town apart from one another, he relied on landmarks to determine what things he was close to. And, he had no clue what things were near the stadium. Adam had told him earlier what street it was on, but Alex could barely remember the names of the streets close to their home, much less how they were all connected.

“What places are next to the stadium?” Alex asked Adam suddenly.

“Like restaurants?” Adam asked, assuming Alex was getting hungry. “Well, there’s a couple fast food places, and a pizza restaurant called Palazzo’s. That one’s really good, they make meatless pepperoni there. If you want, we can go there after the concert, but there will be snacks and stuff at the stadium.”

Alex nodded. He’d never been to Palazzo’s, so the information didn’t make him any more certain of where they were going or how close they were. He tapped his foot a little impatiently. He sure hoped they were getting close! His urge to pee was quickly transforming itself into a need that he didn’t think he could go without fulfilling for much longer. He kept picturing his stream flowing through his prosthetic to trickle gently into a urinal, tension easing from his body as his bladder steadily deflated and stopped trying to bother him. He squeezed his eyes shut against the image. He needed to stop thinking about it. But, it was getting really, really hard not to. His knees knocked together as the pulses of urgency started to come closer and closer together.

He noticed a gas station out the window. He’d be allowed to pee there, wouldn’t he? But, no. On TV, gas station toilets were always really gross, and usually the characters had to do something to get the key to open the door, anyway. And, it was always something really time-consuming that just dragged out the whole process way longer than it needed to be. Alex didn’t want to make Adam late. He could hold it.

So, he held it. He said nothing to Adam about his need for a urinal. He didn’t point out any of the gas stations they passed on their journey. He just sat there and held it in, as his bladder throbbed away at near constant intervals.

Finally, they did arrive, and Alex exhaled. His bladder pulsed more strongly than it had at any point during the ride, and he clenched his fists and ground his teeth together as the wave of desperation passed through his body. Once it subsided and he could stand, he opened the car door and gingerly rose to his feet. “Nnnh!” he cried as he suddenly found himself fighting against gravity. All his liquid seemed to move straight downwards against his sphincters, begging and pleading to be permitted to flow just that extra bit further.

Alex looked up at the stadium. It was a massive, circular building covered in super bright lights and huge screens. Tons of people were rushing in and out of it, and Alex felt intimidated. The hairs on his arms stood on end and, remembering what Adam had said earlier about sticking close to him, he dashed around to the other side of the car and pressed himself into Adam’s side.

“Hey,” Adam said easily. “Don’t worry. I know you’re not used to things like this, but it’s okay. It’s perfectly safe.”

Alex took Adam’s hand and squeezed it firmly.

Well. Adam wasn’t going to complain about that… He simply squeezed back and led Alex towards the entrance.

It took a while to get through. First, a man had to check their tickets with a scanner thing that looked sort of like the barcode readers at checkout in the grocery store. Alex wasn’t sure what the point of it was, because Adam had paid for the tickets online already. And the guy didn’t ask for any money. It was weird.

Next, they had to take off their shoes, and Adam had to take off his bag, and then put it all into some bins so they could go through a tunnel thingy that x-rayed them. Alex wasn’t sure what the point of that was, either. But, it was really, really hard for him to bend down and unlace his shoes. As he knelt, it felt like all of his body weight was being placed right on top of his poor bladder. He could feel it being crushed and partially flattened in a way that was just awful! The overfull organ was practically screaming in pain, and Alex bit his lip against a whimper.

After that, and after they’d gotten their shoes back, Alex just slipped his feet into them. He didn’t have it in him to crouch down a second time. He’d tie them after he’d peed. Hopefully, the peeing would come soon.

They were past all the confusing security stuff now, and Alex once more planted himself to Adam’s side. “We’ve got some time before the concert,” Adam said. “There are some gift shops, and some places you can buy food. Or we can go right to our seats.”

Alex’s bladder surged when none of the options Adam had presented had involved a toilet. So… Were there not restrooms here, then? There must have been, right? It was too big a building to not have any toilets, wasn’t it? But, as he glanced around, he didn’t see any signs for a restroom… Maybe that was a thing? Stadiums didn’t have restrooms because they were too full of other stuff? Maybe that should have been obvious, something everyone on Earth already knew except for Alex since he’d never been allowed to go anywhere. He couldn’t remember if he’d ever seen anyone on TV go to a stadium and use a restroom…

Alex didn’t want to feel stupid asking Adam for a urinal if he ought to have already known there weren’t any here. He bounced on his toes as panic set in; How long was the concert gonna be? He really, really needed to go! But, it sounded like he was gonna have to wait until after, when they went to eat. Ohhh, the restaurant better have a toilet!

Or… Or maybe he could tell Adam he had to pee badly, and could they please go somewhere with a restroom? But, no, then they’d have to do all that security stuff again, and he didn’t know how much time was left before the concert was due to start. There wasn’t time for Alex to pee. But, he just needed to. He needed to so much. “Adam, I—“

“Let’s get some pretzels,” Adam said. He’d noticed Alex turning paler, and swaying on his feet. Poor thing must have been starving! “You like those.”

“O—Okay,” Alex said, gripping Adam’s hand tightly again as he was led off to a concession counter. He bobbed in place, lifting first his right foot and then his left. There was a big lemonade dispenser behind the counter, and as the liquid inside of it was mixed and spun around, the liquid inside of Alex did the exact same thing.

While Adam ordered some pretzels, Alex drug his eyes away from the tortuous lemonade dispenser. He looked instead at the huge, wide hall that circled around the stadium. There were more concession counters, and the gift shops Adam had mentioned, and— His bladder suddenly began to push very firmly against his opening, recognizing relief before Alex himself had. There it was, a sign designating a men’s room. Ohhh, thank goodness!

He felt a little silly for thinking there weren’t any restrooms here, but sometimes out in the real world, things were just so confusing that he was never certain what he could expect anywhere. His bladder urged him to dash straight down the hall and give in to his throbbing, pounding need. But, knew he had to stay right next to Adam. If they got separated, Alex knew for a fact he would be totally lost in a matter of seconds. He just had to wait until Adam finished talking with the concession man, then he’d say he had to pee, and Adam would take him to the restroom.

Except, now that Alex knew he’d be peeing soon, his need to do so ramped up considerably. He was close to jumping up and down now. and every so often he’d palm his crotch. It was strange, but whenever he held onto the tip of his prosthetic when he needed to pee, it would actually make the urge subside a little bit. He knew it shouldn’t have had such an effect, but it did anyway.

Adam finally finished with the concession guy and handed Alex one of the pretzels. “Here, eat,” he urged. “You don’t look so good.”

Alex didn’t FEEL so good… It registered to him that it would be pretty gross to bring the pretzels with them into the restroom, so he decided he’d go after they’d eaten them. He immediately began scarfing his own down, just to get to his relief faster.

“Heh,” Adam laughed. “Wow, you really are hungry, huh?”

‘Not really,’ Alex thought. ‘I just need the restroom so bad!’

“Show’s about to start,” Adam said, taking a bit of his own pretzel. “We should go sit down.”

Alex frowned at that. ‘But I have to pee first!’ he wanted to say, but his bladder wasn’t worth making Adam miss the start of the show. He kept his hand around Adam's as he was led into the main area of the stadium, and into a seat in the middle of one of the rows. Adam sat down beside him, and soon someone else had taken the seat on his other side. He was boxed in now, and his bladder felt like it was trying to kick and punch its way out of the prison he now found himself in. He whimpered in the back of his throat, crossing his legs at the ankles.

Adam swallowed the last of his pretzel and gave Alex a concerned look. He’d known all the bright lights and crowds were going to make Alex a little tetchy, but he looked downright miserable in his discomfort. He was visibly shaking all over, vibrating with anxiety. Adam patted his hand, a reminder that he was there and Alex was safe. This was just something new, and Alex had always eased himself into new things eventually.

Alex felt a little comforted by Adam’s soft touch, but the comfort fizzled away when he imagined how disgusted Adam would be if he had an accident all over his seat. Adam wouldn’t want to touch him at all then… Alex scissored his legs, bounced his knees up and down. He thought he could remember the way to that restroom from here, but all the aisles and rows looked identical! He’d get turned around and never find Adam again.

‘Just stick right next to me the whole time, and you’ll be okay.’ Adam had said, and Alex had intended to do exactly that. Just… He didn’t want to make Adam miss the start of the show, and he really, really couldn’t hold it much more! He pulled his hand out from underneath Adam’s, then squeezed Adam’s hand so hard it started to turn red.

Adam winced, not so much from the pain— Though, Alex was pretty strong— but from the knowledge he’d brought him somewhere that was obviously too stressful for him. Maybe he should have brought him to a smaller concert before this one, something outdoors and with fewer people… This was too much all at once. He frowned, he’d really wanted to see this band perform, but… “Alex…?” he whispered lowly. “Is this too much for you? Are you feeling freaked out?”

Alex shook his head, continuing to bounce in his seat. He wasn’t freaked out, he was just bursting!

“Are you sure?” Adam asked. “We can leave if you’re uncomfortable.”

Well. He definitely WAS uncomfortable. But, how could he make Adam skip seeing one of his favorite bands live just because he needed to pee? “It’s okay,” he insisted. “I’m okay…”

“If you’re sure…” Adam said. “Just, keep holding my hand, try to feel better.”

A couple minutes later, the performance began. The loud music was enough to shake the floors a little, the vibration pummeling Alex’s poor bladder like it was the pawn in a game of Whack-A-Mole. He was whimpering, quivering and twitching, and felt little, tiny droplets of urine forcing their ways out of him. He was losing it, he was gonna have an accident!

He couldn’t remember ever needing to go this bad! And, he’d been desperate lots of times before. When he lived in the old place, the line for the toilet each morning would be massive, all of his siblings always managing to beat him there. When he was younger, sometimes this had even led to accidents when his bladder just hadn’t been able to hold it together for long enough.

But, the desperation he’d felt all those mornings completely paled in comparison to now.

Up until now, his worst experience with desperation had been when he’d been severely punished by his Papa for sneaking out to see Adam after they’d been forbidden to have contact with one another. Alex had been locked into his room all night, every night. And, one of those nights, he hadn’t been able to pee before the lock had been put into place. He’d tried desperately to find something—Anything!!— he could empty his bladder into, but could find nothing; His Papa had stripped his room of everything except for his bed, one pillow, one blanket and his Bible. None of which made good emergency toilets, and one of which would probably result in him going to Hell if he even tried.

That night, he’d actually ended up praying for God to send him a miracle. God had answered Alex’s prayers in the past, had shown him the way, had even led him to Adam… And, again, God came through for Alex that night; Because, as soon as he’d finished praying, he saw that Papa had missed something under the bed; a towel. And, by bunching that up underneath himself and adjusting it whenever one patch got too sodden, he was able to fully relieve his aching bladder.

Remembering the relief from that night made Alex wish he had a towel with him here and now. He wouldn’t expose himself in a stadium full of people, obviously. But, at least if he had a towel to sit on, the mess from his inevitable accident wouldn’t be as bad.

He continued to squirm and fidget, kicking his legs out in front of himself and crossing them, tightening his hold on Adam’s hand, and just hoping for everything to be over soon so he could go.

It did end eventually, and Alex scrambled to his feet, losing a short stream in the process. He jumped from foot to foot as he waited for the other people in the row to make it out onto the stairs so he could rush for the toilets.

“Did you like the music, at least?” Adam asked with concern. Alex still didn’t look very good. He was so pale, and hadn’t stopped shaking at all. Throughout the concert, Adam had bit back a moan several times as Alex seemed bound and determined to just snap his hand clean off.

Alex hadn’t even really heard any of the music. All he’d been able to hear were the shrieks coming from his bladder, the screams of ‘PEE NOW!’ He nodded slightly at Adam anyway.

“Th—That’s good,” Adam said. “We’ll be outside soon, I’ll take you to that restaurant, it’s gonna be much quieter there, you’ll feel better.”

“C—Can we do something here first?” Alex asked as they inched forward up the stairs.

Adam was surprised. “You… Want a t-shirt or something? The lines might be long since it just ended, can you handle tha—“

“I need to pee,” Alex interrupted. “Please, Adam? I’ve had to go since before we got here.”

Adam took a moment to readjust to his new perspective. Alex wasn’t trembling because the crowds scared him. He was just trembling because his bladder was really full. “Oh… Why didn’t you say anything?”

“First, I didn’t know if there was even anywhere to go here,” Alex said. “Then, I didn’t want you to miss the start of the show having to take me so I wouldn’t get lost.”

“I… I wouldn’t have been upset,” Adam said as they finally left the main area and were back in the hall. “Oh, Alex… you should have told me! You didn’t need to hold it through that whole thing!”

Alex was dancing all over the place now, his legs were in constant motion, making it appear almost like he was jogging. His hands were between his legs, squeezing the tip of his prosthetic; Again, the action helped ease his agony even as the logical part of his mind told him that it shouldn’t.

Adam was staring; He’d never seen Alex in such obvious distress before. He took Alex’s hand and led him as carefully as he could through the crowd and to the… Massive line sprawling out of the nearest men’s room. Alex moaned at the sight, his legs trembling madly beneath him.

“Yeah, you’re probably not gonna make it through this,” Adam said. “But, that’s okay.”

“I don’t want to have an accide—“

“You won’t,” Adam cut him off. He again began leading Alex away. Alex whimpered as he was now being taken in the opposite direction of the restroom he needed.

“Adam, stop!” Alex pleaded. “I need to go!”

“You’re gonna go,” Adam said. He took Alex outside of the stadium, and walked him down the street a little. Alex whimpered and fidgeted the whole way, and Adam tried not to pay attention to the hissing sound of liquid coming from Alex’s midsection. Adam stopped at the entrance to an alleyway. “Go,” he said.

Alex looked around confused. There was nowhere for him TO go! “Where?”

“I know you’ve peed outside before,” Adam said.

“In the woods,” Alex said, pacing around on twisted up legs. “Aren’t the rules different here?”

‘Not if you don’t get caught,’ Adam thought, but had a feeling Alex wouldn’t exactly agree with that. “No,” Adam said. “You can pee on a wall when you really need to go. That’s allowed.”

Alex still looked unsure.

“Hey, I’ll go with you,” Adam offered. “Would that help you feel more comfortable?”

“I guess..” Alex winced out. Without even fully realizing it, his hand had already connected with his zipper.

“Okay,” Adam said. He went deeper into the alley and unzipped, pulling the head of his STP out. He held back his flow, however. If he let out a stream while Alex was in earshot, his partner would explode for sure. “Ready when you are!”

Alex scurried down the alleyway until he was shoulder to shoulder with Adam— Admittedly a little closer than Adam liked to be to another person while urinating, but if it helped Alex, he’d put up with it.

Alex loudly yanked his zip down and positioned his prosthetic, a clear jet of liquid slamming against the lower part of the wall not but two seconds later. It took a moment for it to register to Alex that he was finally peeing, and for a second he didn’t even feel the relief. He’d been so full that it wasn’t until a bit had drained out that he began to feel the pleasurable sensations of release. “Mmmm…” he hummed softly through his nostrils.

Adam let his own stream go. It wasn’t nearly as powerful as Alex’s was. He’d needed to go a bit after such a long drive and show, but his own urge had been nowhere near the emergency Alex’s had been. His liquid lightly pattered against the wall, darkening the material.

When Adam’s bladder had let out all it had to give and he’d zipped himself back up, Alex was still pouring away. Adam winced at that, realizing just how desperate his poor boyfriend must have been for all that time. Alex gave one final push and the last of his urine trickled against the now thoroughly drenched wall. He shook out his prosthetic and zipped up, trying to catch his breath.

Adam rubbed his boyfriend’s back, feeling the tension still present there. “Better?” he asked.

“Better,” Alex nodded a little shakily. “You’re sure that wasn’t against the rules?”

“Positive,” Adam said, though in the back of his mind he hoped this wouldn’t cause Alex to make a habit out of peeing in alleyways.
