Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*019*2022-05-02 00:56

Mary had, naturally, made an announcement to Prudence the second she’d left the restroom; “Alex had to go potty a whole lot! It spilled on the floor!”

Prudence had laughed, but had also been confused, then Mary explained it as best as her limited vocabulary allowed and Prudence understood what exactly had happened.

When Alex and Adam finally exited the restroom, Prudence began giggling. Alex asked what was so funny, she said; “Did you really have an accident?”

Alex turned scarlet; “N—No! Not exactly!”

Prudence kept snickering.

“Th—The potty chair… It’s not meant for someone my age, that’s all,” Alex said. “I still made it just fine, I didn’t have an accident. See?” he gestured to his shorts. “I’m dry.” He felt, with every word fired from his lips, that he was digging his hole even deeper, but he couldn’t stop talking.

“But, you tinkled on the floor still?” Prudence asked.

“I—“ Alex spluttered, a pit of embarrassment had opened up inside his stomach. He was probably blushing hard enough to be glowing by now. “I—“

Adam reached and squeezed Alex’s hand very tightly. “Like he said, the potty chair is too small for a grown-up. He…” Adam thought for a moment, maybe it would be best to fudge a few of the details a little.“He wanted to show Mary that it was safe, so he decided to use it himself. He just thought the chair could hold more than it actually could.”

There. That was a perfectly fine explanation. And one that didn’t reveal how Alex’s bladder had actually just exploded by complete accident while he’d been sitting on the thing.

“Oh,” Prudence said, laughing once more. “Heheh, he still tinkled on the floor, though.”

Alex sighed. He hoped she dropped this soon and moved onto something else. “Hey, how about we play a game now, or something?”

Before Mary or Prudence could suggest one, the door to one of the bedrooms cracked open and Charity emerged, awake from her nap.

Alex really should have seen it coming, but he still felt the blow when Prudence and Mary both ran over to her to let her know all about how “Alex tinkled on the floor!”

Alex groaned and went to the couch. Adam joined him, “Aw, it’s okay,” he said. “I’m sure they won’t remember this forever.”

Alex started to nod, but then he heard Charity say; “Oh, when he and Adam took me to see Santa, he almost went in his pants ‘cause the line was really long. He went on a wall instead.”

This prompted more giggling.

“Okay… Maybe they DO remember these kinds of things for a while,” Adam said, taking his boyfriend’s hand again. “But, that’s okay. They aren’t trying to be mean.”

“It’s embarrassing…” Alex mumbled.

When Ben got home from his friend’s house, he was of course informed that Alex had peed onto the floor as well, but Ben had a somewhat different reaction. “Oh no, did you have that thing where the stream splits in half?” he guessed. “I hate when that happens.”

“Huh?” Alex asked.

“You know, where instead of just one stream, you have two and it’s real hard to aim?”

“He overflowed Mary’s potty, actually,” Prudence explained.

“What?” Ben snorted. “Why?”

“W—Well, NOW Mary’s not scared to go anymore!” Alex said. “So, it was all okay. We can stop talking about this stuff now.”

His pleas went unheard.

“Remember how, at the old place, we only had the one bathroom?” Prudence asked. “And, in the morning Alex always said ‘You all go first, ‘cause you’re littler,’ and when we all got done he was always dancing a lot?”

Alex remembered those mornings well. Even if he got to the restroom first, even if he’d woken up BURSTING to go, he’d pretty much always step aside and let his siblings use it first. Those waits could get very, VERY long, his bladder would be screaming every time he heard the toilet flush! But, he made himself wait and go LAST because he was the oldest, it was his job to keep the younger ones as comfortable as possible, even if it meant enduring a lot of discomfort of his own.

Some of those mornings hadn’t ended too well for him; Sometimes, he DIDN’T make it completely, and on a couple occasions he didn’t make it in time at all… Papa had been angry at him then, had called him ‘self-centered’ for wetting the floor beneath his feet just because he ‘didn’t feel like waiting.’

Those arguments were one of the many things Alex wondered about when he’d begun questioning Papa’s teachings; Alex had held it to the point of pain and then lost control of his bladder all from a desire to help and care for his siblings. He’d been putting other people first at the expense of his own needs, how in the world could anyone think that meant he was ‘self-centered’?

Adam had heard Alex talk about the long line for the restroom at his old home before, but hadn’t known he would deliberately choose to go last… “Did you do that every morning?” he asked.

“Most of the time,” Alex said. “There were some days where I woke up and knew right away that I wouldn’t be able to make it, so I’d ask them all if it was okay for me to go first. But, other than that I always let them all use it ahead of me.”

Adam was impressed. When he’d lived with his parents and had needed to share a bathroom with his younger brother, if he got to it first then that was just that; He’d be the first to pee. And, sometimes there had been arguments when they’d both reached it at the same time and were both desperate to use it. “Wow, that was so sweet of you,” he said. “You’ve always taken such good care of them…”

Alex nodded. “Th—Thank you… I wish they’d repay me by NOT talking about all this embarrassing stuff…”

The kids still hadn’t stopped recounting the funniest stories they could recall of seeing their older brother dying for the toilet. Hearing all the stories aloud now, Alex was actually a bit surprised by how many there were. Some of them were things HE’D forgotten about himself.

“Remember at church?” Prudence said. “The day the bathroom door there was stuck? I was sitting next to him, and when it was time to pray I could hear him asking God to please open it.”

Adam snorted a tiny laugh, picturing Alex sitting there when it was time to pray, unable to think of anything other than “Please, please, please make the door come open now, please? I can’t hold it…”

Alex covered his face, “Um… You know, the thing is… After the service was over, I went back to the restroom, and the door was actually working again… I could go.”

“Awww,” Adam said. “That’s good.”

Alex couldn’t stop blushing, and the kids kept telling more stories. He finally got them to stop when he said it was time for a snack and started preparing sandwiches for them. While he did this, he discovered the worst thing about having one’s bladder be a topic of conversation for half an hour; It meant it felt really, REALLY awkward to excuse oneself to the restroom afterwards.

Alex had held his bladder until it pretty much just broke not too long ago, the organ was sore and worn out now, and already felt pretty full again. He knew better than to let a little embarrassment stop him from voicing his need again, but he still dreaded having to do it. Once he’d set all of the plates down on the table, he immediately told everyone to wait and that he’d be back in a couple minutes.

“Don’t use the potty this time,” Ben snickered, picking up his sandwich.

“Keep the floor clean,” Prudence added.

Alex was positive Ben was making fun of him, but Prudence’s voice sounded… actually genuine. Like, she legitimately thought she was giving him important instructions.

He wasn’t sure which of those was more embarrassing.

Alex relieved himself easily— Using the proper toilet this time— and came back quickly. He hoped that maybe he could last until the kids’ bedtime before he needed to go again.

The rest of the afternoon went well, Alex and Adam played several games with the kids, sometimes struggling to keep up with their energy levels. There was one problem, however. Adam had looked after his own younger brother a few times growing up, but that was just ONE kid and they were pretty close to the same age, anyway. He’d helped Alex watch his siblings before as well, but never for an entire day.

And, well… There were so many of them to keep an eye on, and when they got into hyperactive moods, they needed to be watched more carefully, and… It wasn’t always easy to find a moment to take a pee break. One of them would always be needing something, or an argument would need to be dealt with, or someone would be playing too rough… And even though this house had two restrooms, any time Adam thought he had a chance to go, he’d find both of those doors shut.

By the time he and Alex had to start getting the kids ready for bed, Adam was beyond bursting. The relief he’d had on the potty chair while trying to cheer Alex up had been hours and hours ago, and he hadn’t released a drop since. He really should have had a quick pee when Alex had gone earlier, everything had been nice and calm then. Had he known how busy the rest of the day was going to get, he would have been more mindful of his bladder.

None of the kids put up a fuss about bedtime, at least. It all went pretty smoothly. Mary still wasn’t old enough to take a bath by herself, and the whole time he and Alex were helping her, Adam kept staring at the toilet as his bladder begged him to use it. ‘Just forget it’s there,’ he ordered himself. But that was not an easy thing to accomplish when the room was so small and the toilet was always in his field of vision.

Not helping his problem was the way Mary kept splashing around in the bathwater. Every slosh of liquid inside the tub made the liquid inside Adam slosh too. Before he knew it, he was sort of walking in place as he rocked back and forth to try to quell the pangs from within.

Alex got Mary all clean and dry and helped her into her pajamas. When he pulled the plug out of the tub and the water began to noisily drain away, Adam had to cross his legs as his own ‘water’ fought to drain out as well. ‘Soon,’ he promised his bladder. ‘Not much longer.’

“Thank you for behaving in the tub, Mary,” Alex said, kneeling down and kissing her on the forehead.

Mary hugged him tightly, and it would have been a sweet thing to watch had Adam not been so desperate for Alex to take Mary OUT of the restroom so he could finally use it…

But, of course, there was ONE more thing Alex wanted Mary to do before bed, and it was the most torturous thing possible for Adam’s throbbing bladder.

“Can you go potty for me before you go to sleep?” Alex asked her.

“Okay,” Mary said.

Adam was glad that her fears really DID seem to be gone now. He really was! But, he didn’t want to be in here while she did the same thing he NEEDED to do. “Um… I’ll wait in the hall,” he said. “Give her some more privacy, and stuff…” He exited the restroom, his bladder convulsing with confusion when he took it further away from relief. He stood outside the door, jiggling in place with discomfort.

He wasn’t having an emergency or anything, there was no doubt in his mind that he could carry on holding this for a while longer. It was just extraordinarily uncomfortable. His urge was impossible to ignore, it was always there, bearing down against his opening and occasionally pulsing with sharper and more painful twinges. Bouncing up and down helped soothe those pangs a little bit. Bouncing, and the knowledge that he’d definitely be able to go very soon.

Even on the other side of the door, Adam could overhear when Mary successfully used the potty. His thighs clenched and his knees turned in to rub against one another.

“Yay!” he heard Alex cheer. “Great job! No more accidents, right Mary?”

“Nope!” Mary replied.

Then, Adam was forced to listen as Alex emptied the potty into the toilet… And the sound of liquid spattering against porcelain was like a hammer against his bladder. He knelt down slightly, hands tugging at the bottoms of his shorts. There WAS a second bathroom, Adam could go there and empty himself out right now, but he knew Alex still needed his help with the rest of the bedtime routine. That wouldn’t even take very long, Adam could definitely still wait.

When the toilet flushed, Adam’s mind and body went haywire for a moment, trying to prove Alex’s assertion that there weren’t going to be any more accidents incorrect. He flashed back to past experiences of waiting in line for a restroom, and how that particular noise always meant that relief was very close. Without his command, his muscles loosened themselves a little and he felt a bit of heat right at the exit of his bladder. “Oooh…” he mumbled, crossing his legs together tightly as the sensation slowly died down.

Next, he heard the sink come on as Alex washed his hands and helped Mary wash hers. This got Adam squirming again, but it wasn’t nearly as bad as hearing the toilet get flushed. Then, finally, the door opened. Against his will, Adam’s eyes flew in the direction of the toilet and remained fixed there.

Alex was holding Mary’s hand to take her to her bedroom, but he paused as he looked at his boyfriend. Before, Alex wouldn’t have been able to tell very easily what was up with Adam. There were, after all, lots of reasons a person would look tense and nervous. But, when potty-training his siblings, Alex had learned to look for certain, subconscious little ’cues’ they gave when they needed to pee. All of them had a particular habit that they’d only do when they needed to go— Things like hair-twirling or knuckle-chewing.

And, after watching several of his siblings grow up, he realized that no matter how old they got they never actually ‘outgrew’ those little habits. Ben, for example, was well past potty-training age but he still dug his nails into his arms whenever he really needed to go.

 It had been necessary for Alex to look for those signs in his siblings, and he didn’t notice that he’d developed a bit of a habit of his own of watching for those signs in EVERYONE until he suddenly realized that he’d learned what Adam’s ‘tell’ was; If Adam had to pee badly and was wearing shorts, he’d usually tug at the bottom of their legs.

It was a good thing Alex had picked up on it, though. Otherwise he would have just powered through and asked Adam to help him tuck the kids into bed. But, since Alex could easily figure out what was troubling his boyfriend, instead he said “I’ll get Mary to her bed while you use the restroom, okay?”

Immediately, Adam was blushing. Alex had predicted that.

“Awww,” Mary pouted. “I wanted Adam to read me a bedtime story!”

Alex had not predicted that. “I can do it,” he said.

“Adam does better voices,” Mary said bluntly.

Adam blushed even more. But, now it was because he was flattered rather than embarrassed. “O—Okay,” he said. “I can read to you. Let’s go to your room and pick a book.”

“Yay!” Mary cheered, breaking free of Alex’s grasp and running in the direction of the room she shared with Charity.

Alex turned to Adam. “I can do it,” he said. “It’s already past her bedtime, and you have to—“

“I can wait a few more minutes,” Adam assured, walking after Mary and trying to ignore the way his bladder shook with every step. He really DID need to go, but there were two restrooms readily available to him right now. He had no reason to panic, he could pee after he read Mary her story.

Alex followed him, and when he saw what book Mary had picked, he thought for sure Adam was going to change his mind; It was one of her potty-training books. One about the importance of choosing to go before it became an emergency.

But, Adam didn’t change his mind. He didn’t say “Actually, I think Alex should read to you tonight, my throat is sore,” or any other excuse. He just sat down on one of the beds in-between Mary and Charity and opened the book.

Alex watched as Adam read aloud the story of a boy that was going to his best friend’s house and sort of needed to pee at the start of the visit. But, the boy was too excited to play with his friend and thought that since it wasn’t an ‘emergency’, he could just wait until later.

Throughout the visit, the boy’s need got worse and worse and worse, but something more interesting always came up. Things like squirt gun fights, new flavors of juice, and playing with water balloons— All of these activities were described with a great deal of watery sound effects.

Adam kept clenching his teeth together and hissing through them to produce the sounds written out in the book. “Hsssss… Psssshhhh…” Mary was right, Adam was a talented voice actor. Each noise sounded very, very realistic, almost exactly like a real jet of water.

Just as before, when Adam had been made to listen to all the liquidy noises inside the restroom, the spraying sounds from his very own mouth were making him bounce and jiggle and cross his legs. Even though his squirming was jostling the bed, neither of the girls seemed to be noticing it.

Alex sure was noticing it, though. He noticed all of it. He noticed how Adam wriggled and bobbed. He noticed how Adam’s legs tangled together. He noticed how Adam’s jaw would tense as he read out the sentence that concluded each scene of the book; ‘Todd had to go pee, but it still wasn’t an EMERGENCY.’ The corners of Adam’s eyes would crinkle slightly with tension every time he said the word ‘pee’, like just speaking the word aloud caused another cup of it to be dumped into his bladder.

By the halfway point of the book, Adam was constantly leaning forwards and back, unable to decide which was the least uncomfortable. Too far forward, and his bladder was being squished and compressed. Too far back, and it felt like it was being stretched out.

Now, in the book, the boy had decided that it finally WAS an emergency and that he couldn’t hold it. But, when he ran to the bathroom to go, his friend’s mom was busy showering. She couldn’t even hear him knocking and telling her he had to pee!

Adam had to tense his thighs very, very tightly as he forced himself to make the hissing sounds the book described coming out of the shower. His rocking picked up in speed as he read out the dialogue “‘Please,’ Todd said. ‘I need to pee! I need to pee! I need to pee!’” It felt to him like he was giving a voice to the panicked cries inside his own body, but doing so wasn’t helping to soothe his urge at all.

“You do such good voices,” Charity praised him. “Alex always just reads the words, but you sound like you mean them.”

Adam blushed, unsure if he was grateful Charity thought the pained tone of his voice was just a performance, or wishful that she’d realize the reason it sounded like he really meant what he was saying was because he really, REALLY did…

Alex watched his boyfriend’s fidgeting speed up, becoming more pronounced and frantic. He was starting to worry that Adam was about to wet Mary’s bed… What a nightmare that would be! The both of them would NEVER hear the end of it. Every time they visited, it would be “Remember the time they babysat us, and Alex overflowed Mary’s potty and then Adam peed in her bed?”

Alex spoke up, “Adam, is your throat tired? I can read the end for you, if you want.”

Adam looked up at Alex, knowing right away that a moment to rest his voice wasn’t really what Alex was offering him. “Uh—“

“No, I want Adam to finish!” Mary complained.

Charity nodded with a smile. “Yeah, his voices are so funny with this one!”

“O—Okay,” Adam promised. “I’ll read the end, don’t worry.” There were only a small handful of pages left, he could last through that. He could!

Although, those last few pages were absolute MURDER on his bladder. So many water sound effects because of the shower, and then even MORE when the main character’s friend started re-filling the squirt guns in the kitchen. Adam had to read out the line “I need to pee!” more times than he could count, and each time it got harder and harder not to tack on something like “And I MEAN it, I really DO have to pee! Bad!”

At the conclusion of the story, the mom finishes showering and the boy makes it to the toilet just in time, with the lesson being that he should have gone as soon as he’d first realized he needed to.

Watching Adam palm his crotch for a split second as he closed the book, Alex hoped his boyfriend would decide to LISTEN to that lesson…

“Y—You liked that?” Adam asked the girls.

They both nodded, and Charity gave him a hug. A very, very tight hug that made it feel like a rope was being tightened firmly around his bladder. “Ooooh—“ he winced softly.

“Oh, I think he’s ticklish!” Charity smiled.

“Wait—“

But, it was too late, Charity had begun to dig her fingers all up and down Adam’s side, and then Mary was trying to assail him from the other. Adam was unable to hold in his laughter, which only egged them on even more— “Stop—Stop it!— Stop—“ he begged, very close to being unable to hold in something else.

“Al—Alright,” Alex interrupted. “Time for bed. That’s enough.”

The girls released Adam and Charity scurried back into her own bed. Adam tried to catch his breath while he gingerly stood up, cradling his lower stomach as he tried not to let his hands go between his legs. “Goodnight,” he said with another wince. “Sleep well—“

“Can’t we have another story?” Mary asked.

“Only if Alex reads it,” Adam said, letting his legs cross back together. “I have something I need to do right now.”

“Pleaaase?” Charity begged.

“N—No, I REALLY need to go,” Adam said, inching closer and closer towards the door.

“You guys need to go to sleep now anyway,” Alex emphasized. “Adam will read you another story another time. Don’t worry.”

“Okay…” Mary said.

“Yeah…” Charity agreed.

Once outside the room, Alex gently shut the door. Adam stood there for a few seconds, lifting his legs rapidly one right after the other. He wanted to break into a sprint for the toilet, but his bladder was convulsing like mad and causing him to remain rooted to his place.

Alex smiled, “D—Do you need me to help you walk there?”

“Please?” Adam asked. “Feels like I’m gonna come apart if I move too fast…”

“You should have gone earlier,” Alex scolded, taking Adam’s arm and leading him down the hallway.

“I know…” Adam moaned.

Before they could reach the restroom, they heard the front door opening. Alex’s Mom and Grandmother had both returned home. Mom approached them quickly and started asking all sorts of questions about how the kids had behaved.

Alex fielded all of them as Adam wriggled beside him. He nudged his boyfriend’s shoulder, trying to encourage him to just GO while he talked to his Mom, but Adam remained where he was in spite of his obvious distress.

“Did you have any… Any luck with Mary today?”

“We did, actually,” Alex said. “She used the potty a few times. I figured out a way to make her less afraid of it.”

 “Really?” Mom asked. “What did you do?”

“Uh—Um… Well…” Alex stumbled over his words. “I… I kind of—“

“Act-Actually!” Adam interrupted, hoping to spare Alex from a bit of humiliation by shouldering all the embarrassment onto himself. “Uh— Sp—Speaking of… That… I need to go. Bad. They behaved well, but kept us really busy, so—“

“Oh,” Mom said. “I won’t keep you two any longer, then.”

“Thank you,” Adam said, and he finally resumed his urgent hobbling towards the restroom. “C—Come on, Alex. You can go first if you want.”

Alex was confused at first, he supposed he could probably pee now if he gave it a try, but Adam had been bursting for a long time… Then, he realized Adam was just trying to rescue him from the conversation and followed after him. “That’s fine, Adam. You can go first.”

“Thanks,” Adam said, rushing into the restroom and shutting the door behind himself.

Knowing Adam’s plan to save him from the embarrassment of telling Mom exactly HOW he’d potty-trained Mary, Alex stayed glued to the restroom door and made himself shimmy around; Trying to appear as though he definitely had to pee too badly to talk to someone!

It felt REALLY weird to be doing a pee-dance when his bladder felt pretty much entirely empty. Alex hoped it still looked real and natural. He hitched his hips from side to side and crossed his legs, but since nothing inside him was actually TELLING him to fidget and bounce it was hard to keep up a frantic appearance.

Inside the restroom, Adam was having NO trouble at all appearing frantic with need! He was in such a rush to get the toilet open that he accidentally slammed the lid and seat against the tank hard enough to create a loud slamming sound. Now with the bowl available to him, his bladder cramped and sprung a leak. He tensed his thighs to plug it back up, but it didn’t work, so by the time he was freeing himself from his boxers the material encasing his prosthetic was pretty damp and sodden.

Pee glided out and onto the rim of the bowl as Adam started to pee full-force before he could aim. It splattered off the rim and against his knees and he hurried to correct himself, then his urine was pounding into the water so thunderously that he was glad Alex didn’t ACTUALLY need to go right now— If his boyfriend had really been desperate, Adam would have felt just awful making him listen to this…

As it was though, Adam felt amazing. The sensation of his bladder compressing, shrinking and crumpling back down to its proper size was enough to get him moaning. He also felt very silly for letting himself get SO desperate tonight, especially whenever he remembered certain lines from the picture book he’d been asked to read. He was a grown adult, but the lesson in a book for toddlers was one that had been lost on him this evening.

He finished and used a bit of toilet paper to clean up the little puddle from when he’d missed, then dabbed it against his damp knees a few times. When he zipped himself back up, he cringed at the clammy, cold slickness he felt over his crotch… He’d seriously almost had an accident there!

He left the restroom, and tried not to laugh when he saw Alex’s very exaggerated pee-dancing… He didn’t bounce or hold himself THAT much even when he was ACTUALLY desperate!

Alex’s over-acting continued when he then started to push himself past Adam, “Oh, thank you!” he gasped out. “I’m barely holding on!”

Adam bit his lip. He needed to teach Alex how to act in a way that was less… Hammy. ‘Silly guy…’

Adam stayed by the door, listening as Alex DID actually choose to go. A short trickle hit the toilet bowl, certainly nothing that justified Alex’s performance out here, and then Alex was back out a minute later.

Even if Alex wasn’t a great actor, it was at least enough to keep him from needing to tell his Mom he’d used a potty chair today. She didn’t need to know that.

***

The following day, Alex received a phone call from his Mom. She thanked him again for helping with the kids, and for convincing Mary to use the potty chair. “But… Charity tells me… Alex, did you… Did you have an ‘accident’ yesterday?” she asked.

“Wh—What—“

“Because… I don’t mean to embarrass you, but I could tell you were having an emergency when you came to the house yesterday… And when you were waiting for Adam outside the restroom you were doing a dance I haven’t seen you do since you were three… Then, Charity said you… Got the floor wet at some point yesterday too… Are you having problems, sweetie?”

“N—No— I—“ Alex stammered. “I just—“

“I know, it’s very embarrassing— Especially when you’re still so young— But, if there’s something going on, you could try kegel exercises. I had to do that for a while after some of you were born, it’s—“

“That’s… That’s not it,” Alex said. “I… Um… I did have to go really bad when I came over yesterday, but that’s just because I forgot to pee when I got up!”

“You shouldn’t do that, Alex…”

“I— I know… And the thing in the evening… Like Adam said, we were REAL busy all day. That’s all.”

“And what Charity said?”

“I… Look…” Alex worried at his lip. “I— Okay. I wanted Mary to stop being scared of the potty, so I… Used it to show her there was no big deal, and I just went too much.”

“… Oh.”

“Yeah…”

“At least it worked… Mary hasn’t had any accidents at all today.”

“That’s great,” Alex said, genuinely happy to hear it.

