Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*020*2022-05-07 20:43

Camille was Adam’s friend. But, Alex got the feeling she didn’t like HIM that much at all. In fact, he KNEW that she didn’t. He’d seen text messages she and Adam had exchanged when Adam had first met him, and through all of them, Camille is trying to convince Adam to stay away from him. Warning him that Alex was surely just like his Papa and the others, and making all sorts of assumptions as to why Alex shouldn’t be trusted. Every time, Adam would tell her that he wanted to get to know Alex, that Alex obviously needed a friend and was lonely, that he didn’t think Alex was all that much like his Papa at all… But, Camille still advised Adam against talking to Alex, that one day he’d turn on him.

Alex was, of course, glad that Adam hadn’t listened to any of that. But, it still hurt that one of his partner’s friends didn’t like him. And for something that he couldn’t control. It wasn’t his choice to be born into a community like the one he’d grown up in. But, it HAD been his choice to leave, so that had to count for something, right?

Alex knew he probably wasn’t supposed to see those messages, but once he had, he couldn’t get them out of his mind. “Does your friend hate me?” he asked Adam one day.

“Huh? What friend?”

“Camille,” Alex said. “I saw all these messages. She said she wants you to stay away from me?”

“Oh,” Adam rubbed the back of his neck. “When I told her about your family and all that super conservative stuff, and the… group they were in, she thought you’d be… Closed minded and bigoted and stuff. She’s trans just like we are, and back then she thought that if you knew who I was, you’d hurt me. But, you aren’t like that at all. She knows that now. I’ve told her so much about you.”

Alex wasn’t so sure.

Alex didn’t go with Adam when he visited Camille. He stayed home in the apartment. Adam wished he wouldn’t, though.

“Come on, you should go with me,” Adam said.

“No,” Alex said. “Camille already hates me.”

“Camille doesn’t hate you,” Adam insisted. “She was scared that you would judge her before you got to know her just because she’s trans, since she’s had bad experiences with religion before. And, because of that, she judged YOU before getting to know you just because of who your family is. She told me she was sorry, and she knows I’m a good judge of character. She wants to say sorry to you too, and to get to know you.”

“…She does?” Alex asked, sounding skeptical.

“She does,” Adam said. “Whenever I go see her, you’re pretty much all I can talk about. Of course she wants to meet you.”

Alex looked away. “I… I don’t know, Adam,” he said. “She said I ‘didn’t deserve’ you…”

“And she’s sorry,” Adam said. “She rushed to judge you, like I said. Just… Give her a chance, okay?”

“…Okay,” Alex said. If Adam could forgive Camille, maybe he could as well.

So, the next weekend, they went to visit her and spend the night. Camille’s place was a lot smaller. But, she lived alone and didn’t have any pets, so that was probably okay. “Adam!” Camille waved energetically as he stepped inside. “And, you must be Alex! How are you liking the real world with all us heathens?”

Alex blinked a few times, his neck bristling. If what Adam had said about her was true, then he knew she wasn’t trying to make him feel uncomfortable… But he still DID feel uncomfortable. “Um… Hello,” he said. She was wearing a long Summer dress, and Alex thought for a moment about how she must have spent her whole life wishing she could wear that kind of thing while Alex had grown up wishing he could wear literally anything else.

“Well, come in, I don’t bite,” Camille said.

Alex hesitantly stepped inside. Camille had some unusual decorations. Lots of them were shaped like weird monsters and creatures. Alex could recognize one of the posters on the wall as being for a particularly gruesome horror movie he’d seen five minutes of on TV and then had nightmares about for a month. He gathered from the blood present on the other posters that they were from horror movies as well.

“Oh, have you seen that one?” Camille asked, noticing him looking at the poster. “It’s great.”

Alex just nodded.

“We can watch one of them today,” Camille said. “Help me find the remote— You know what remotes look like, right?”

Alex felt like his feet were falling out from under him. Was she making fun of him for being sheltered, or seriously asking a question? He looked behind himself at Adam.

Adam let out an awkward laugh, “Of course he knows what TV remotes look like, silly. He’s not a caveman.”

“Oh,” Camille said. “Just have to make sure, I know a lot of families like that ban TV so their kids don’t get exposed to the fact society exists.”

Alex thought it would probably be a bad idea to mention that most TV programs really WERE banned at his old home. He didn’t want Camille to carry on thinking he was totally out of touch. Even if he kind of was…

Alex found the remote on the couch, “H—Here,” he said.

“Okay, good,” Camille said. “Just leave it there for now, I’m gonna make some popcorn. Has Adam shown you how to do that yet?”

Alex worried at his lip. “We… We did make popcorn at my old house…” he said.

“Oh?” Camille said, genuinely surprised. “Did they make you eat it unsalted and unbuttered?”

“Huh? No,” Alex said. “Why would they?”

Camille shrugged. “I just figured, since they didn’t want you to experience any kind of joy, that—“

“Camille,” Adam interrupted quickly and sharply. “I’ll help you with the popcorn.”

Alex slumped onto the couch. This wasn’t going well at all!

***

“Do you have to do that?” Adam demanded in a harsh whisper once he and Camille were in the kitchen.

“Do what?”

“You know what,” Adam said. “You are making him uncomfortable.”

“I’m… I’m not trying to,” Camille said. “I’m just curious. I’ve never met anyone from a different planet before.”

Adam stared at her, his mouth set into a harsh line.

“You KNOW what I mean,” Camille said. “Come on, you can’t tell me you didn’t think he came from a different world at first too.”

“I did,” Adam admitted. “But, I didn’t try to make him FEEL like an alien. I’m sure he feels that way enough on his own.”

“Oh…”

“Look, I know you’re not TRYING to make fun of him,” Adam said. “Or, at least I HOPE not—“

“—I’m not—“

“But, don’t talk to him about that stuff unless HE brings it up,” Adam said. “Growing up that way, and especially LEAVING— None of that was easy on him, sometimes he doesn’t even want to talk to ME about all of it. Just— Forget where he comes from and treat him like every other guy, okay?”

Adam hoped that Camille could understand and relate to what he was saying. Alex had a life ‘before’ and a life ‘after’. Just like she did. She had her life ‘before’ where she’d pretended to be a man, and her life ‘after’ where she could live as a woman. Much like Alex. Just, in Alex’s ‘before’ he hadn’t just been pretending to be a different gender, he’d been living in a very unusual way as well. Alex had needed to go through two enormous transitions simultaneously; From a fake girl to a real man and from a sheltered, isolated life to living among society.

“O—Okay,” Camille said. “I didn’t mean to upset him. It’s just… It’s interesting, you know?”

Adam could understand that to an extent. Alex’s wonder at the world around him was like nothing Adam had seen before, and it was indeed very interesting to watch him discover things that had become so mundane to Adam. “I know. But, remember, he’s a person. Not an exhibit in a museum.”

They made the popcorn, and Camille ordered a couple pizzas as well. One cheese for Adam, and one with lots of meat for herself and Alex. “What’s it like having to eat vegetarian stuff most nights?” she asked him. “Does it get boring?”

Some of Alex’s tension eased. That question wasn’t nearly as uncomfortable. “It’s not bad,” he shrugged. He wanted to add that he hadn’t really tried that many foods before he lived with Adam, so he was nowhere near bored with any of it yet. But, he didn’t want to give Camille another reason to bring up his past. “Tofu is good.”

“It tastes like nothing,” Camille said.

“You just have to season it,” Adam protested. “Of course if you eat it plain it doesn’t taste like much!”

When the pizza arrived, Adam grabbed Alex a few slices piled high with various meats. He then grabbed a packet of red pepper flakes. “You like spicy foods?” he asked.

Alex nodded. He LOVED spicy foods.

“If you put this stuff on the pizza, that will make it hotter. You wanna try that?”

More nodding. Of course he wanted that!

Adam pulled open the packet and seasoned Alex’s pizza slices. “There you go, my little spice head,” he said, giving Alex a kiss on the cheek.

“Awww,” Camille said. “You two are so cute that it’s almost nauseating.”

Alex chewed on his lip. That… Sounded like a compliment? But, it also kind of didn’t… He wasn’t sure what to make of it. Probably best to stay quiet, he decided.

As Camille picked a movie for the three to watch, Alex clasped his hands and shut his eyes, beginning to mumble softly.

“Is… Is he praying to the pizza?” Camille asked.

“No,” Adam said. “He just likes to say grace before he eats, that’s all.”

Alex wished the heavy heat would vacate from his chest. He’d always done this before eating a meal. It wasn’t until he met Adam that he learned it wasn’t something everyone did. He remembered thinking it was weird how Adam and his family would just start eating right away, but he hadn’t said anything because he didn’t want to make Adam feel like he was strange. Maybe this was another one of those times where HE was the strange one and Adam had just never brought it up… Once he’d finished his prayer, he looked up. “Is it weird to do that?”

“No,” Adam promised. “Don’t worry.”

“Yeah,” Camille said. “I’ve just only ever seen people do that in movies, that’s all.”

Alex felt better after Adam’s reassurance— And especially after Camille’s. He so wanted to show her that he was normal and a good person.

Adam should have been paying more attention to the movie Camille selected. In the past, Alex had managed to become terrified and wracked with nightmares after watching an absolutely terrible, utterly cheesy ghost movie from the 1960s. The thing was so bad that the wires holding up the ‘floating’ objects were totally obvious in most scenes, and at one point the microphone was even visible above the characters’ heads. The acting had been atrocious, not one person was able to believably convey that they were scared by any of the supernatural events happening in the paper-thin excuse for a ‘plot’.

But, Alex had been so frightened after watching it that he’d spent the entire night clinging onto Adam— Which became pretty big problem when Adam woke up needing the toilet in the worst way and had had a difficult time waking Alex to let him up. Eventually, he’d had to shove Alex pretty hard and almost shout “Alex, if you don’t let go, I’m gonna pee all over the place!”

There was another occasion where Alex accidentally caught a brief snippet of a much more gruesome horror film, and the very same thing had happened.

So, given what Adam knew about Alex and his ability to handle scary movies, he was pretty sure that a horror film with top-notch special effects focusing on demonic possession of all things was NOT something Alex should be shown. When he saw the title flash on the screen, he looked over at Camille. “Um… Hey, is there anything else we can watch tonight?”

Camille frowned, “But, we’ve been waiting for this thing to come out for months!” she reminded.

“I… I know,” Adam said. He was trying to avoid saying anything along the lines of ‘But my boyfriend gets scared easily by these movies, and I think demons are a topic he’s probably very sensitive about.’ Alex already felt like such an outsider, telling Camille they had to watch something else on his behalf would make him feel worse. “Um… Alex?” he asked. “Is this movie okay with you?”

Alex had been feeling wary ever since he’d seen what the movie was called and learned it involved exorcisms. But, he so badly wanted Camille to like him. That wouldn’t happen if he complained about her taste in movies. “It’s… It’s fine,” he said.

“You’re sure?” Adam asked.

“Yeah,” Alex nodded. He had his pizza to focus on, anyway. He’d just keep his eyes on his plate instead of on the screen. That way he wouldn’t get too scared.

 Camille pressed play and the film began.

It was hard not to look at the screen, there was so much screaming taking place on it. Alex took a bite of his pizza. Adam was right, the red pepper flakes did make it taste better. But, when another scream tore through the speakers, he jumped and nearly choked.

Adam put a hand on Alex’s shoulder and leaned in close, “Remember, none of this is real, okay? It’s just pretend.”

Alex knew that, of course. But, he didn’t know if ALL demons were pretend or just the ones in the movie. At his old home, there had been lots of talk about demons, and about how they could possess people and take control of their bodies and brains. This idea had been horrifying to Alex growing up, that something could come inside him and turn him into something he wasn’t. Whenever he got sick as a child, which happened often since doctor’s visits had been forbidden, he thought that his body was trying to ward off a demon and that he needed to pray extra hard to make sure it didn’t manage to force its way into him.

He’d had doubts later about Papa’s demon stories. Papa had said Adam and his family all had demons in them. But, every story he’d ever heard about demons had involved people speaking in raspy, hissing voices and being able to climb walls and rotate their limbs in unnatural ways. Nobody in Adam’s family could do those things. Papa told him that was because the demons were smart and knew how to hide when people were around, but his house and Adam’s house had been so close together. He was able to see into their kitchen from his room, and at no point was there ever anything scary and weird going on in there.

So, he knew Papa had definitely been lying about THOSE demons, but that didn’t mean there just weren’t ANY, did it?

Alex kept his eyes glued to the plate in his lap and kept eating his spicy pizza. Which prompted him to gulp down all of his water very, very quickly. Once he was out of pizza, he no longer had anything else to pay attention to other than the gruesome scenes taking place on screen. When he looked up, a demon was bursting out of a woman’s chest to scream at a priest reciting prayers. Alex shuddered, and he pressed himself against Adam.

Adam took his hand immediately and started to rub it soothingly. “Shhh…” he whispered softly. “It’s not real, it’s not real.”

“I know,” Alex whimpered back.

Adam pulled Alex closer, “Don’t be scared, it’s just a movie,” he said. “I’ve got you.”

Alex trembled in Adam’s arms. Adam felt warm at the feeling of Alex’s body pressed so firmly into his own, and he felt terrible for it. Snuggly Alex may have been the best kind of Alex, but it was a lot less fun when Adam knew he was terrified. He rubbed his side. “Shhh…”

After several more grizzly moments in the film, Alex began to feel a reminder of all the water he’d swallowed. He clenched his already shaking thighs together and told himself to ignore it. Camille had turned out all the lights when she’d put the movie on and by now the sun was setting. It was pitch dark, except for the flickering of the television. The twisting shadows Alex saw creeping into the hallway that he knew led to the toilet looked downright petrifying. He couldn’t get up and maneuver himself through this place. At least not alone!

He needed Adam to walk with him to the bathroom. He needed Adam to hold onto his arm the whole way there. He needed Adam to stand right there next to him, to guard him while he urinated.

But… Camille would see if they went to the toilet together. Camille would think that was very weird! Alex KNEW it was weird that he and Adam peed together so often, he KNEW most couples didn’t share literally EVERY moment like that. Camille would probably ask why Alex couldn’t just go pee by himself. And Camille already thought he was strange, and out of touch. If he admitted a movie had scared him so bad that he couldn’t go to the toilet alone, her opinion of him would definitely not improve.

He’d hold it. Maybe once the movie was over and the lights came back, he’d feel brave enough to make the walk to the restroom on his own.

Except, now that he’d noticed he needed to go, it was getting worse fast. Subconsciously, he’d begun to press himself against Adam, almost grinding on him in an attempt to quell his bladder’s fury.

Adam’s eyes widened at Alex’s movements. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t… Appreciate them an awful lot, but he was a little confused. Alex was definitely not the kind of guy to act frisky like this when they weren’t alone. And, why was THAT on his mind right now, anyway? Wasn’t he currently scared out of his wits?

Not to mention, Alex rocking against him, bouncing him around… It was making Adam wish he’d taken a bathroom break before the movie had started. He wasn’t desperate or anything, but he couldn’t stop thinking about how nice a quick pee would feel right about now. He could ask Camille to pause the film, he supposed. But… Alex was absolutely GLUED to him at the moment, and trembling like a leaf in a harsh breeze. Even IF Alex managed to let go of him long enough for him to go use the toilet, Alex would be left alone for all that time! And, Adam absolutely did NOT want to leave his shaking, terrified boyfriend by himself right now. He knew that his presence was the only thing keeping Alex from falling apart with fear.

He’d hold it. Maybe once the movie was over and the lights came back on, Alex would feel brave enough to be by himself for a couple minutes.

Adam tried not to fidget with his need. Alex was basically on top of him after all, and he had a feeling that making any sudden movements would startle Alex enough that he’d scream— Which would be painfully embarrassing for the poor thing. Adam tried to make do with just slightly rocking his hips back and forth, an action that seemed to do more harm than good as the liquid he was holding sloshed to and fro within him.

Alex felt Adam starting to tremble. ‘He must be scared, too!’ Alex realized. Adam was surely just putting on a brave face right now for Alex’s benefit, trying not to let on how frightened he really was to avoid freaking him out. That was so much like Adam, to try and assure Alex he was his big, strong protector. Alex tightened his arms around Adam, both in gratitude and a desire to help him calm down.

For some reason, Adam let out a little squeak when Alex squeezed him— A noise which made Alex jump and his bladder lurch. A single drop exited its prison. Just one. Just. One. But still, enough to make Alex blush and tense his body up even more.

‘Oh, God, Alex…’ Adam thought. ‘I know you’re scared , but PLEASE…’ The tight, constricting embrace around his body made it feel like an anvil had been dropped on his bladder. Alex’s arms cut into him worse than a belt that was three sizes too small. And Alex was still doing the grinding thing up against him. Every so often, he’d speed up his motions, then go suddenly still and rigid, then continue on.

It was affecting Adam. It was affecting Adam in a couple of ways. One of them very pleasant— One that made him wish he and Alex weren’t staying the night here and were instead going to be nestled together in their own bed soon. But, the other wasn’t pleasant at all— Alex was mashing and jostling the fuck out of his poor bladder, every bounce making him feel less certain about his ability to keep waiting this out. He tried rubbing Alex’s back to make him settle, but it didn’t seem to be working.

Nothing could make Alex settle at that point. He was so scared he was fighting back screams, and his bladder felt like it actually WAS screaming. He was so angry with himself, too! There was a perfectly usable toilet not too far away from his current position. There was no real reason that he couldn’t just walk over to it and relieve himself! He was an adult! Adults shouldn’t ever be so scared that they need an escort to go pee!

But, Alex DID need an escort. He hated himself for it, but he did. His bladder seared and kicked and protested against him, begging him to please, please, please just get up and go. But, he couldn’t. Every time he started trying to talk himself into it, another scream would sound from the TV, another spurt would leave his bladder, and he’d find himself totally unable to move.

Every time Alex got startled, he would press himself more firmly into Adam. Adam’s bladder screamed even louder than the characters in the movie each time this happened. He felt something warm and damp hit his crotch and it completely shocked him, He hadn’t even felt the loss of control at all, he hadn’t felt his bladder loosening, nor the warm rush of pee slipping past his defenses. But, his shorts were indeed growing sodden, so he must have been losing it. He must have simply been so desperate to go that he couldn’t feel any of the relief from his short losses of control.

‘Alex,’ he wanted to say. ‘Let me up, I’m about to wet my pants.’ But, he couldn’t. Alex needed him right here, holding him, keeping him safe and sound. Alex needed him here a whole lot more than Adam needed to be in the restroom.

Alex hoped he hadn’t leaked enough for Adam to start feeling it. With their positions, if Alex burst and peed himself, it would hit Adam’s crotch as well and make it look like they’d both had accidents. If Alex lost it, he’d humiliate himself in front of this new person he wanted to have like him. If Alex lost it, he’d humiliate Adam in front of one of his friends! So, Alex had to hold it! He had to! He clenched his thigh muscles and gnashed his teeth together and he held it!

Finally, after quite a few more jump-scares that caused Alex quite a few more leaks, the movie was over. The credits were rolling.

Camille finally looked away from the screen and stared at Alex and Adam, hanging off of each other and trembling. That was strange, she’d expected Alex to get kinda freaked out, but these movies never bothered Adam that much. Why was HE so shaky?

“Did you like it?” Camille asked.

Adam had barely paid attention through most of it, focused only on Alex and on his bladder. “Y—Yeah,” he said. “Alex? Sweet thing? That wasn’t too much for you, was it?”

It HAD been too much for Alex. All of it had been too much. The movie had been too much, and the water he’d had to drink had been way, WAY too much. Still, he wanted to appear brave and confident in front of Camille, so he said “I’m okay.” His claim was laughable; He’d made no move to let go of Adam, even as his bladder wept and pleaded for him to let go and run to the toilet before it exploded.

 THAT was a problem for Adam. Was Alex so scared out of his wits that he STILL couldn’t be left on the couch even now that the movie was over? What if Alex clung to him here all night? He’d burst! “Alex,” he said softly. “I’m sorry, I gotta—“

“Adam, I need the bathroom now!” Alex blurted out.

Adam blinked at him. He began to understand why he hadn’t felt it coming out when he’d spurted into his pants. HE hadn’t been the one leaking. He mentally kicked himself. He could have gotten up to pee AGES ago and just brought Alex WITH him! Alex clearly wouldn’t have objected. “You… You do?”

Alex nodded frantically. His fear hadn’t died down at all since the movie’s conclusion, he still felt like demons were lurking nearby. He still needed Adam to go with him! He struggled to think of an excuse, to think of some reason he needed an escort that DIDN’T involve being frightened. Camille would laugh at him if he admitted how scared he was to go alone! “And— And I don’t know where it is,” he stammered. “I didn’t want to interrupt before! Show me now?”

Adam knew that that was not the reason Alex was so desperate for him to accompany him. This apartment was tiny. There were only three doors that could possibly lead to a restroom, Alex would have found it for himself easily if he’d gotten up to look. But, he understood why Alex needed Camille to believe that that was the only problem. “Of course, Alex,” Adam said. “I’m ready to burst too,” he admitted.

At those words, Alex’s heart sank a little. If he’d just SAID something sooner, he would have been able to pee a lot earlier… Camille wouldn’t have guessed Alex was terrified by the movie if he and Alex went together; Not when they were both just really desperate! Alex nodded to him, “Hurry!” he pleaded.

“You gotta let me up,” Adam reminded.

Alex reluctantly got to his feet, but he kept one hand clamped around Adam’s wrist for comfort. The other hand was nestled up against his crotch, attempting to plug up any further leakage.

Adam stood as well. As much as he would have appreciated the ability to hold himself with BOTH hands instead of just one, he made no attempt to squirm his wrist from Alex’s grasp. He had a feeling Alex was always going to be holding onto him in some way for the next several hours at least.

Camille watched as the two gingerly got to their feet, fidgeting and clutching at themselves. It was a somewhat comical sight; Two adults, joined by their hands, squirming and dancing. “Heh, awww…” she said. “You guys seriously do EVERYTHING together, don’t you?”

“Y—Yeah,” Adam said with a blush. “Pretty much.”

“Hurry!” Alex repeated.

Adam didn’t need to be told twice, he stayed right by Alex’s side as the two of them stumbled towards the restroom and entered it.

Camille was a little surprised when they went in at the same time. Apparently, they weren’t going to wait on one another… Which she supposed was understandable as they were clearly both ready to pop. But, the fact they hadn’t even discussed it with each other suggested they did that often. Often enough that it no longer had to be talked about.

Inside the restroom, Alex and Adam were both wriggling and shaking so much they were struggling to get themselves unzipped. It didn’t help that Alex was still clinging to Adam’s wrist with one hand. “Can’t hold it…” Alex moaned under his breath.

“Gonna burst…” Adam muttered. Finally, he managed to grab hold of his zipper and pull it down. “Oh, finally…” he gasped out as he freed his prosthetic and—

He… Had a very difficult time aiming with a single hand. How he usually did it, he’d use one hand to press the cup of his prosthetic against himself and use the other to aim his stream. One handed just didn’t work for him. He either ‘missed’ the funnel a bit and spilled some of his urine into his pants, or he messed up his aim and got a little on the ground.

Using just one hand didn’t really work so well for Alex either, which he remembered as he got his own dick out.

“Gonna have to stop holding my hand for a minute,” Adam said, bouncing up and down in front of the toilet. “You can lean your head on my shoulder if that helps you feel better, though.”

Alex reluctantly released Adam’s hand and leaned against him instead, pointing his cock at the bowl.

Adam did the same. Now that he was out and aimed at the toilet, a short hiss of a stream jetted out before he’d given it permission to. He clamped it off, painfully. He needed this SO badly, he wanted to just let go! But, after that awful night in the woods where Alex’s fear had locked his bladder up, Adam didn’t want to allow his own body to relax until he knew for sure that Alex’s also could.

Alex was just about to let go of his bladder, JUST about to let his muscles cede the fight to the watery torment pushing against them… But, then he noticed Adam wasn’t peeing, that he’d only been able to release a little spurt. So, Alex made himself go tense and rigid. It was torture to make his bladder continue on holding it with the toilet literally RIGHT there in front of him, but if Adam was having trouble, he didn’t want to taunt him.

When Alex did not release after several seconds, Adam cringed. It had been one thing to help Alex out that night in the tent when he HADN’T also been bursting. It was going to be quite another to do it NOW when he was ready to explode… “Alex?” Adam started to ask, at the same time Alex moaned, “Ohhh, please relax and go now, Adam! I can’t wait anymore!”

 They’d… Been waiting on each other, Adam realized. Just like earlier, during the movie, they’d BOTH been putting one another first without noticing what the other ACTUALLY needed. He felt his cheeks warm as a small smile took over his face. And then he gave his bladder permission to unclench. Pee gushed out and trickled into the water, and Adam’s smile grew as all of his taut muscles instantly grew slack.

Immediately, Alex’s stream did the same, and his chest began to heave with relief. “Hahhh… Phew…”

“I… I thought that you couldn’t go…” Adam managed between deep breaths. “Was trying to wait for you…”

“I thought that YOU couldn’t go!” Alex said. He felt such a delightful sensation of shrinking taking place in his center, the heavy weight of his bladder that he’d been carrying around was rapidly growing smaller and smaller as he depleted it of its liquid. Through the haze of dizzying amounts of relief, he now felt a little worried too. He and Adam certainly weren’t communicating too well tonight! He hoped that didn’t mean they were growing apart from each other! Head still resting against his boyfriend’s shoulder, he nervously nuzzled him as his pee continued spraying.

“Aww,” Adam said, chest warming. He knew it was awful to take such delight in Alex’s cuddles at the moment; He was doing this out of fear, after all. (Not to mention, Adam was positive that MOST couples didn’t get so touchy-feely with each other while sharing the toilet— Most couples DIDN’T share the toilet at all to begin with!) It still felt good though. It felt even better than peeing did, and that was saying a lot, because WOW did it feel good to pee right now! That was the one nice thing about getting desperate like that, it always made letting it out feel incredible!

Adam’s stream tapered off first and he let out a long groan as he zipped his shorts back up. Alex finished a few seconds later, exhaling a quiet “That’s better…” while he tucked his prosthetic back away. Immediately, his hand was back around Adam’s wrist, squeezing tight.

Adam winced. Alex sure was STRONG when he wasn’t putting all his energy towards not pissing his pants… “Um, we gotta wash our hands, remember?”

Alex nodded, wishing they could do that without him needing to let go of Adam. He did so, very reluctantly, and Adam hugged him, rubbing his back up and down. “You’re okay, Alex. It was just a movie, don’t be frightened.”

“I’m scared,” Alex said.

“All of that was fake,” Adam reassured. “You’re alri—“

“We’re not good at talking to each other anymore!” Alex blurted out.

Adam let go of his partner. “Huh? We’re very good at talking to each other, silly.”

“We both… We held it because we couldn’t tell each other we had to go, and—“

“Shhh…” Adam hushed him. “That’s no big deal.” He lowered his voice. “You were real embarrassed to ask me to take you to the bathroom in front of Camille, weren’t you?”

Alex nodded. “Y—Yeah… And… You probably just didn’t wanna get up and leave me by myself, right?”

“Yes,” Adam said. “That doesn’t mean we’re bad at talking to each other, it’s perfectly normal that you feel embarrassed saying certain things around certain people.”

“And… And, it’s good that you wanted to protect me,” Alex said. “You could tell I was scared even though I kept saying that I wasn’t…”

Adam kept quiet. He didn’t want to point out to Alex that someone would have been able to see that he was scared all the way from Mars.

Alex hugged Adam again, “Next time, I’ll tell you sooner if I have to go, I promise.”

“That’s good,” Adam praised. “Hey, if you don’t like saying that in front of everybody, maybe we can use a code-word instead?”

“Code…Word?” Alex repeated.

“Yeah,” Adam said. “It’s, like, a phrase that means something different than what you’d think it means. Like, someone could say ‘the canary has landed’ instead of ‘my boyfriend is visiting’, if they didn’t want someone to overhear and know about it.”

“Oh…” Alex said. “So, I could say… Um… ‘I feel stressed’ instead of ‘I have to pee’ and you’ll know what I need?”

“Sure. That works,” Adam told him. “And… You know, even if I HADN’T also needed to go earlier, I would have SAID that I did so Camille wouldn’t have figured you wanted a bodyguard. I wouldn’t WANT you to feel ashamed of anything.”

Alex chewed on his lip. That was another thing he should have known; Adam would have come up with a perfectly reasonable explanation for why Alex wasn’t going to the toilet by himself. One that wouldn’t have been humiliating for him.

When the two left the restroom, Camille was still waiting in the living room. “Wow,” she remarked. “You guys were gone for a LONG time.” She smiled. “Just what were you boys doing in there?”

Adam’s eyes flicked over to Alex, and to his surprise he wasn’t blushing at all, just staring blankly. Apparently he hadn’t actually picked up on what Camille was getting at… “Nothing,” Adam said. “We just REALLY needed to go, so it took a while. That’s all.”

“You know I would have paused the movie, right?” Camille asked. “Because I would totally prefer THAT over having a drenched couch.”

Alex DID blush then, “We didn’t—“

“I know,” Camille interrupted. “But, it sure looked like you were getting close to it. Both of you.”

Alex looked down at his feet. He knew she was right. He’d leaked a LOT before the movie had finally ended, and if he hadn’t been in Adam’s lap at the time, some of it COULD have ended up on the sofa cushions… If he’d done THAT, then Camille would definitely never like him! “I’m… I’m sorry…” he said quietly.

Adam squeezed his hand, “She’s only teasing you,” he assured.

“Yeah,” Camille agreed. “I’m not, like, mad at you or anything. Just… Jesus, were bathroom breaks not allowed where you come from?”

Adam’s gaze flicked over to her and he narrowed his eyes, trying to communicate the words ‘KNOCK IT OFF!’ without having to open his mouth.

“Uh—Um…” Alex clutched Adam’s hand tighter. “I… Most of the time they were,” he said. “But, if one of us was acting up, sometimes we’d be locked in a bedroom, and then… Um… I mean SOMETIMES Papa would remember to leave a bucket, but not always, and…”

Camille’s expression, which had been cheerful and teasing a second ago, fell into a tense line. “O—Oh,” she said. “I’m— That’s— Alex, you know that’s abuse, right?”

Alex nodded, “Yeah. Adam told me about how it wasn’t normal. He’s told me lots of stuff that happened to me wasn’t normal… Sometimes I mention something that I think must have happened to everybody, and then I find out it isn’t SUPPOSED to happen to anybody.”

Camille nodded. She was seeing Alex in a new way now. When she’d first heard about him and about the community he was a part of, she’d assumed he must have been an incredibly closed-minded and bigoted person because that was the environment he was raised in. Then she found out he WASN’T actually like that at all and his life of isolation had become a point of interest for her; She’d meant what she’d said earlier, it was like Alex was an alien visiting Earth for the first time.

But, now she was coming to grasp what all of that isolation had really MEANT for Alex as a person. Not only did it provide a way for his abuse to be hidden from the world, it had kept him from even UNDERSTANDING that what was happening to him WAS abuse in the first place. He’d needed to see a normal family— Adam’s family— interact with one another before the cracks in his own family and community could be visible to him. And that didn’t make her feel curious, it just made her feel sad. What a horrid way to have to grow up.

“Alex, are you okay?” Camille asked.

“Huh?” Alex looked up at her. “Y—Yeah, I’m fine now. All better.”

Camille hadn’t been asking about his bladder. She’d honestly forgotten how this conversation had started. “I meant… I get you don’t wanna talk to me about all that stuff from before, but you DO talk to someone about it, right?”

“Ohhh,” Alex nodded. “Yeah, I do. I talk to Adam, and people at my new church about it all the time, plus I see a therapist. And I talk to God about it a lot, too. He helps me the most, He’s the one that brought Adam to me, and both of them helped me understand who and where I’m supposed to be.”

Camille was glad he was seeing a therapist. And, while she didn’t personally believe in God, she still thought it was unbelievably sweet that Alex apparently viewed his relationship with Adam as a gift from a higher power. Alex must have REALLY loved him. Of course, that had been pretty obvious before just from the way she’d seen the two look at each other tonight. And all the way back when Adam had been texting her about Alex, it had become increasingly more and more obvious how utterly smitten he was becoming.

Every time Camille tried to persuade Adam away from Alex she’d be flooded with messages about how sweet Alex was, how kind and compassionate he was… And, before long, the messages took on a different tone. Adam started to describe how Alex smiled, he started to describe the color of his eyes, the freckles on his face… Then, when Adam gave Alex some things so he could present as a man for the first time…

‘HOLY SHIT.

I gave Alex some of my old stuff to try on to help him out, and I saw him wearing it for the first time today, and GOD DAMN. I. I just. I can’t even. He pulled his hair back into a ponytail, and his EYES are like. FUCK. I thought all those romance books you read were just being corny when they talked about getting lost in somebody’s eyes but I GET it now.

And. Like. He had the cutest blush on his face. And he looked SO nervous cuz all of this is still super new to him and shit. And he was like “How do I look?” and I stg I forgot how to even talk. I just. I couldn’t stop staring at him. And it got him all worried cuz he thought he must have looked bad so I had to be all “Alex no, you look amazing. But, how you FEEL is more important.” and he was like “I feel like ME. For the first time ever. Thank you so much.” And that was the sweetest freaking thing.

God.

I think I love him.

I really do.

And. Like. I know it probably won’t ever happen cuz I don’t know where he’s gonna end up after all this stuff with his family and that group is over. But. God, Camille. I have NEVER felt like this before. I’ve thought plenty of guys were hot but I’ve NEVER wished I could just. I don’t know. Lay in a hammock with one of them for thirty hours and talk about nothing. I love him so much.’

Camille remembered how she’d felt when she’d gotten that message. And the memory made her feel guilty now. Because, when she’d gotten that message, her first emotion had not been delight or happiness for Adam, it had not been hope that he and Alex would be able to be together… She’d instead felt devastated, and she’d hoped that Adam would either stop feeling that way about Alex or Alex would have to go somewhere very far away to escape.

Because, all those things Adam felt for Alex were the things Camille felt for Adam.

She’d never said a word about it— It wouldn’t have mattered anyway; Adam liked men. But, even knowing that her own crush was doomed from the start, she’d still resented Alex for quite a while. She didn’t as much anymore, but she’d be lying if she said that watching those two cuddle all evening hadn’t been a bit of a gut-punch. “You have a wonderful guy, Alex,” Camille told him. “And I hope you thank God for him every day.”

Alex smiled, oblivious to Camille’s somberness. “I do!” he said, turning to hug Adam. “He’s the best gift God has ever given to me.”

Adam hugged him back, “And you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me, sweet thing.”

Camille did her best to ignore the ache in her chest as she went to her room to get them some blankets for the night. They were a cute couple. They really were. They were so sweet, so different from each other and yet so similar at the same time. Like God, or whoever it may have been up there, really HAD made them for each other. She had never seen two people so in love before. And that was great. It was great that they had each other, it was great that they were so happy…

But, it hurt too.
