Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*017*2022-02-19 17:47

Alex’s top surgery and his recovery had gone wonderfully! The moment the bandages had come off and Alex finally got a good look at his new, perfect body, he’d very nearly cried with happiness. He looked just like how he did in his best dreams. He no longer had to change his shirts in the dark, or feel scared whenever someone bumped against his chest. Adam could touch him anywhere now, and it would feel good! Front-hugs wouldn’t be uncomfortable anymore, swimming would be so much easier… And, best of all, he knew that from now on when he looked in a mirror, he would like everything that he saw there.

He had a new appreciation for his body now. When he’d gotten the chance, he’d taken off his clothes in the bathroom and just looked at himself. The shape of his hips was still a little wonky, he was still shorter than the average person, he still had that embarrassing birthmark on the left side of his butt, he still had a bit of unwanted roundness around his stomach… But, none of that bothered him like it once did. His body was his. It finally felt like HIS body, these little flaws and all.

Adam opened the door to the restroom and jumped slightly. “O—Oh, sorry. Didn’t know you were in here.”

Alex blushed. Instinctively, he reached to cover his chest. Then felt like an idiot. The whole reason he was so happy was because there wasn’t a problem with his chest anymore. No reason to hide it. “H—Hey, Adam…”

Adam stepped in. “Alex, you look amazing, you know that?”

“I FEEL amazing,” Alex nodded.

“I mean, you were hot before,” Adam said. “But now… Jeez, Alex. I never noticed how buff your shoulders are!”

Alex smiled, “Eheh… You like?”

“I love,” Adam said. “You’re so… You’re a REALLY good-looking guy, Alex. Can’t believe I get to have you all to myself. I’m so lucky.”

Alex knew he was turning even redder. He’d always felt unworthy of Adam. Adam was so cool, and knowledgable and capable. And Alex just… Wasn’t. “I love you,” Alex said. “I wouldn’t even be ME if it wasn’t for you. I’d still be trying to force myself to be what Papa wanted and not even understanding why it all felt so wrong.” He felt awkward having this conversation with his clothes off, but he could tell by Adam’s blushing and staring that he didn’t mind the view. He DID notice Adam was rocking on his feet a little for some reason though. “Why… Why do you like me?”

“Because you’re the sweetest, most kind, most understanding and open-minded person I have ever known,” Adam said, crossing one leg over the other. “And, the fact you turned out this way when you were brought up by people trying to make you the complete opposite means you’re the strongest person I’ve ever known, too. I could never love anyone as much as I love you.”

“Even though I need help with stuff all the time?”

“Part of being together is helping one another,” Adam assured, uncrossing his legs and recrossing them the other way. “Taking care of one another. I love seeing you learn and discover new things, it makes me feel like I’m seeing them in a whole new way.”

Alex smiled, “I have a lot of fun learning stuff with y—“ he stopped, realizing that Adam wasn’t staring at HIM as much anymore. His gaze kept flicking to the toilet he was blocking. “Oh, right. You… Came in here because you need to go, didn’t you?”

“Yeah…” Adam said with a blush. “You… Distracted me. But. Yeah. I really have to—“

Alex stepped out of his way.

Adam felt a little awkward unzipping and pulling himself out in front of Alex. He knew he shouldn’t have since they peed together so often, but it still felt weird doing it when he was the only one peeing. It actually took him a few extra seconds to get started. “Ahhh…” he sighed as his stream released. “We should go out to dinner tonight to celebrate your surgery,” he said.

“Okay!” Alex agreed happily.

So, that was what they did. They went out to a nice restaurant and had a very, very nice dinner. Alex had ordered some chicken wings, but he had no idea what made ‘jerk chicken’ special until he’d taken a bite and his tastebuds caught fire. The flavor was very, very good. But, it was also the spiciest thing Alex had ever tasted. Immediately, his eyes were wide and his brow was sweating. “Oh, hot…” he said, poking his tongue out and reaching for his water glass.

“You okay?” Adam asked, looking up from his own plate of food.

“Not… Not used to spicy stuff,” Alex said. He’d tried hot potato chips before, but they couldn’t compare to whatever spices were on those wings.

“Do you still like them?”

“Yeah,” Alex nodded. “They taste good, just… wasn’t expecting them to be so hot.” He took another bite. Again, the meat was delicious and the flavor was intense… But, the heat made him feel like steam was going to come out of his ears. After every bite, he swallowed a few more mouth fulls of water, and he had to continually get up to refill his glass.

Adam watched his boyfriend’s face turning pink and blotchy, watched as sweat went down his face in rivers, watched as he chugged down more and more fluid… “I think… I think, like, ranch dressing can cool down spicy foods some. Maybe I can ask if they’ve got some of that to dip those in?”

“N—No,” Alex said. “It’s weird, but I… I think I like that it burns? Is that bad?”

Adam cracked up. “Well, no. It’s not bad. Just means we found one more new thing you enjoy.”

Alex nodded, “I really like this,” he agreed. He took another bite, and washed it down with another half a glass of water. “It hurts, but… It hurts in a good way. I don’t know. My mouth’s all tingly.”

Adam smiled, “Heh, well if you like spicy foods I know a few recipes. Just never tried them with you because I didn’t think you’d enjoy that.”

“Make them all,” Alex suggested.

“Of course, sweet thing.”

By the time they’d finished eating and had paid, Adam had lost track of how much water Alex had gulped down. He’d finished every last bit of his food though, and Adam had even noticed him trying to discreetly lick his fingers off without anyone seeing. It had made his chest feel warm. He’d meant what he’d said; he loved seeing Alex discover new things, especially when he ended up really enjoying them. “Ready to go?” Adam asked.

Alex nodded and stood up. Now that he was on his feet and no longer distracted by eating or by having a conversation, he was able to better recognize a VERY pressing need he’d been ignoring. It was only a half hour drive back home, but Alex did NOT think he could make that. “O—Oooh… Adam, I… I gotta go before we leave, is that okay?”

Adam wasn’t surprised. Alex had drank so much water that he ought to have been growing gills. “Of course that’s okay. I kinda need to go too,” he said.

The two headed to the bathroom in the back of the restaurant, and while Adam’s bladder was empty in around twenty seconds, Alex continued to gush into the urinal for almost an entire minute, shivering the whole time. He stepped back and zipped up, exhaling. “Ahhh, wow. I really needed that…”

Adam nodded. It sure was a good thing Alex had done that before they left… No way would he have made it home holding so much…

***

“Adam, I don’t think I’m gonna make it!” Alex moaned, bouncing up and down in his seat. One of his hands was gripping onto his seatbelt, trying to pull it away from his entirely too full bladder, while the other one was wedged firmly between his legs. “I can’t hold it!”

“You can do it!” Adam encouraged. “We’re almost home! Just a few more minutes!”

“Can’t wait…” Alex chanted to himself miserably. “Can’t wait, can’t wait, can’t wait!” His hips wriggled, his thighs clenched themselves together, and his legs scissored back and forth so fast they were little more than a blur. He couldn’t believe he had to go this bad again already! He just couldn’t! It could not have been more than twenty minutes since he’d last relieved his bladder, but apparently that was just enough time for his kidneys to dump another gallon of liquid down into it. “Ooooh!” he whimpered. “Hurry… Hurry, please hurry up?!”

“I’m going as fast as I can,” Adam assured. His eyes scanned the surrounding area, searching for a gas station or a particularly dense patch of foliage in which Alex could empty himself out, but there was nothing. They were already in their neighborhood, the only buildings were homes or apartment complexes belonging to people Adam wasn’t familiar enough with to go knocking on the doors of. The only bushes were growing out in those people’s yards, and even with as desperate to pee as poor Alex clearly was, he’d never be willing to do it on someone else’s property like that. He’d be terrified of the owner seeing and getting angry, maybe even calling the police… “Just a few more streets, alright Alex? Just a few more, I promise.”

Adam was scared that even that little bit of distance would prove to be too much… And then, of course, Alex would have to climb up the stairs to their apartment. Adam had had to reach the apartment while carting a full bladder plenty of times to know it wasn’t a fun experience. He’d had a few instances of quick, embarrassing little dribbles on those steps and knew there was a very slim chance of Alex reaching the toilet completely dry— Hell, he may have leaked a tiny bit already.

“Nnnnhhh,” Alex whined harshly in the back of his throat. “I’m never drinking that much again!” He’d been mostly doubled over for the last ten minutes, but now he threw himself backwards against his seat, leaning his head back to stare up at the ceiling and hiss out a fierce, pained gust of air through his clenched teeth.

Adam felt terrible of course, even though there was nothing he could have done. He’d done everything he could have to prevent this. He’d taken Alex for a pee right before they’d left the restaurant, and he’d thought that would be enough to tide his bladder over until they were home, but clearly it wasn’t. He’d never before seen anyone get THIS desperate for a piss so soon after just taking one, but he’d also never before seen anyone drink THAT much in such a short period of time… “Almost there,” he kept repeating, and he was no longer sure if he was trying to reassure Alex or himself. “Almost there, almost there…”

“Hurrrryyyyyy!” Alex begged. He stopped fiddling with his seatbelt and held himself with both hands. When the car went over a speed bump, a splash of pee wet his boxers and tears joined the sweat that had been cascading down his face.

Adam made one final turn, and they were in the parking lot for their building. He quickly found a vacant spot to leave the car, thankfully one very close to the apartment. He shut the car off and turned to Alex. “You made it!” he said. “We’re here!”

Alex frantically tore off his seatbelt and flung open the door, throwing himself outside… He regretted his harsh, hasty movements when his feet hit the ground and sent a ripple of sheer, needy pain through his bladder, which responded by ejecting yet another spurt into his boxers. “Ahh—! Adam, I can’t wait anymore, it’s coming out!”

Adam got out of the car and frantically looked back and forth. The stairway leading to their apartment was pretty dark this late in the evening… Though, Alex would be mortified with shame once his head cleared and he realized what a big puddle he’d left on the steps. There were bushes outside the building. And, hey, a few of them were turning kind of brown and could maybe actually USE a bit of ‘watering’…

The complex DID have security cameras though. Would they be in trouble if Alex released his flood on the plants? Even if they were just met with a light reprimand, Adam knew Alex would be in tears after being called out for his desperate act…

Alex. had begun to head in the direction of the apartment, but had stopped at the foot of the stairs. He was hopping up and down, more or less skipping in place there, then he went very, very still and crumpled in on himself. Adam hurried over, afraid that he’d started to have a total accident. But, when he reached his partner, he was miraculously still dry.

“I can’t do the stairs, Adam,” Alex moaned tearfully. “I can’t, or else I’ll—“

Adam looked at the staircase, then back at Alex. He and Alex were about the same size. They were EXACTLY the same height, and Adam was only very, very slightly broader than Alex. Adam HAD been trying to work out a little bit more lately, and he could now exercise with twenty pound weights for quite a while before he got too worn out… Alex no doubt weighed a LOT more than that, and Adam’s weights had never been squirming and twisting as he’d lifted them, but it was a short walk up the stairs. And Alex needed him. Adam liked to think he was ALWAYS strong enough to be what Alex needed. “Would it help if I carried you?”

Alex uncrossed his legs for a moment, then urgently crossed them back in the other direction as Adam picked up on a very, very quiet hissing noise that he tried his best not to acknowledge. “I can’t go up the stairs…” he repeated.

“Okay, I’ll get you up them,” Adam said. “You’ll be alright.”

“Mmmf,” Alex made a vague sound as he nodded, but didn’t look certain of this at all. “But, Adam… What if I— What if— And you’re holding me!”

Adam really HOPED Alex didn’t end up losing the fight against his bladder while in his arms. He wouldn’t be angry if Alex DID do that, of course. He’d know he certainly hadn’t done it on purpose. Still, one of their rabbits had had a little accident while in Adam’s lap once and that hadn’t felt particularly good… And, unlike a rabbit, Alex would be incredibly upset and humiliated if he not only wet his pants, but drenched someone else along with him. Adam didn’t want Alex to have to suffer through the embarrassment and mortification of all that, he’d be devastated! “If you… Do that,” Adam said. “Then, that’s just an excuse for us to shower together, right?”

Alex’s teeth sunk into his lip, which he’d already chewed raw and red while they’d been in the car. “You won’t be mad?”

“Of course not,” Adam said. “I’d just feel bad that you were in so much pain your body couldn’t handle it anymore.”

Alex swayed on his feet uncertainly, looking up at the staircase. His bladder convulsed and shook just at the sight of it, pounding and pounding away inside him. He shook his head. “I can’t. I’ll… I’ll go. I need you.”

“Okay,” Adam said. “On the count of three… One… Two…”

On three, Alex’s world tilted, his legs were flung into the air and Adam’s arm wrapped around his back. “Hnnnng!!” he moaned, an urgent, uncontainable jet of urine spraying through his trembling muscles. He tried to hold as still as he could to make Adam’s job easier, but his hips continued to twist back and forth, hands kneading themselves into his crotch. The unwanted spurt of pee quickly grew into a shuddering stream. “Hurry!” he begged.

And, Adam did. Alex was heavy, and it felt awkward carrying someone that was the same size as him, but Adam was surprised at how easy it was after a few steps. “I’ve got you,” he said. “You’re gonna make it. Almost there. Almost there.” He tried to pretend he hadn’t noticed the sound of Alex’s pee soaking into his boxers.

As Adam carried him up the stairs, Alex’s bladder sloshed back and forth with the movement. But, he was still pretty sure this wasn’t as painful as trying to traverse them on his own would be. When they reached their apartment, Adam set Alex down as gently as he could, but even though the impact of his feet touching the ground was very light, it was still enough to send a searing, bright hot bolt of pain into his bladder. “I’m— I’m gonna—“

Adam hurriedly yanked out the key and unlocked the door in record time. He flung it open and held it in place for Alex to limp his way through. “You made it,” Adam told him. “You made it…”

Thank goodness the bathroom was so close to the door… Alex hurried into it, not bothering to shut the door behind himself. There was no time for that, not when he’d already started to have an accident. Bobbing in place and jumping from side to side in front of the toilet, he tore down his zipper and freed his prosthetic. He actually carried on squirming a little as his pee hissed out. He blinked away a few tears as it registered to him that he’d finally made it. He was stood at the toilet, peeing away. He didn’t have to hold anything anymore. He could finally relax. When he at last accepted that he was safe and free and that everything was better, he started to shiver. “Mmmm…” he hummed out a satisfied breath.

His pee stream was incredibly clear. Not even a hint of yellow coloration. It was like he was peeing out pure water… It splashed and hissed into the bowl and Alex felt so, so much better… Once he’d finally stopped pouring, he tucked himself back into his shorts and zipped up. “Phew…” he exhaled. That was close!

Adam entered the restroom. He’d been waiting right outside the door. He knew it was maybe a little silly to wait for Alex out in the hall when Alex relieved himself in front of him so often, and they shared the toilet at least once a week, but he still felt weird about watching Alex at the climax of such a private catastrophe. “You okay?”

Alex nodded. “Sorry… I… Sorry I made you carry me like that.”

“Don’t be sorry,” Adam said. “I offered to do it, didn’t I? And now my sweet thing is all better!” He stepped closer to Alex and reached up to wipe a tear off his cheek. “Isn’t he?”

Alex blushed and laughed under his breath, “Heh… Yeah, I am a lot better,” he agreed. “Um… Even though I didn’t… Um… Do you still want to shower together?”

“I’d love to,” Adam said. “You need something to help you relax after all that!”

The shower did help Alex relax. He loved showering with Adam a LOT. And, now that he’d gotten his chest fixed, he liked it even more because there wasn’t anything that got in the way of their fun. Alex loved it when Adam rubbed soap over his body for him. He loved it when Adam lightly kissed his way down his back. And, after surgery, he’d discovered that one thing he really, REALLY loved was how it felt when Adam rubbed his nipples.

It was so strange. Before, when his chest had been all wrong and had hurt him to look at, if Adam accidentally touched him there— even through his clothes— he would tense up and get that icky, bad twisting feeling… But, now that his body looked how it was supposed to, having Adam stroke around his nipples made him break out into moans so perverse he could barely believe they were coming out of his mouth. It felt so good to have Adam run his hands down Alex’s nice, flat, smooth chest. It felt so right.

Partway through the shower though, Alex had to pee yet again. The fault of all the running water, no doubt. “Adam…” Alex mumbled into his partner’s mouth mid-kiss. “I— I need to… Go. Again.”

Adam pulled back, “Just let it out, we’re in the shower,” he said. “No big deal.”

Alex had peed in the shower lots of times, he just usually tried NOT to if Adam was in here with him. But, if Adam didn’t mind… Alex spread his legs apart slightly and relaxed, another clear stream of pee trickling out of him and making him shiver in spite of the warm water pelting him.

Adam did watch as his boyfriend relieved himself this time. It was a little hard not to given their close proximity. He was a little startled by how long his boyfriend’s release lasted, considering he’d only just gone… That had certainly been too much water at the restaurant. Poor thing was probably gonna be peeing all night…

Well, at least he was at home now. A toilet would be easily available until all that fluid finally finished flushing out of him.

Once they’d finished getting ready for bed, the two each had one last pee before sleep, this time choosing to go together even though neither of them had been in a particularly severe state of need. This habit of theirs of sharing the toilet had started because sometimes they just couldn’t wait on each other to finish, it was just a necessity. But, at some point it had begun to feel… So intimate. Doing such a private thing in each other’s company made them feel closer and closer to one another. Neither one had ever said as much, both thinking that it was too strange to talk about, but even if they never spoke of it, neither thought they’d stop doing this any time soon.

Both now with freshly emptied bladders, the pair climbed into bed. “Goodnight, sweet thing…” Adam said, kissing Alex on the cheek. “I love you.”

Alex’s body warmed. He was surprised at how good Adam’s kisses still made him feel, even after having received so many… “I love you, too.”

***

This was the longest bathroom line Alex had ever seen. And, of course, he and Adam had to be stuck at the very, very end of it. And, of course, he had to be holding what felt like thirty seven lake’s worth of pee. And, of course, there had to be a trickling, decorative fountain not too far away.

Alex’s hands were clinging onto Adam’s arm, his nails leaving little indentations in his skin, but he couldn’t help it. He had to squeeze SOMETHING and he didn’t want to hold himself in public if he could help it. “Adam…” he whispered. “I can’t hold it!”

“I’m sorry…” Adam said. “I wish there was something I could do… But, you heard what they said, only one of the urinals is working right now.”

“They need to fix the other ones!” Alex whined. “I’m gonna explode!”

“Just… Just try to hang on,” Adam said. “There’s nowhere else to go. It will be your turn soon enough, I promise.”

Unless Alex’s turn came in the next ten seconds, then no. It wouldn’t be his turn ‘soon enough’. He hopped from foot to foot before leaning himself into Adam. “I can’t wait…”

“Just… Try your best,” Adam said. “You’ll be okay.”

Alex didn’t think he’d be okay at all! His insides felt all engorged and stretched out. His bladder HURT. His urethra was BURNING. He felt horrible pressure all throughout his body, intense fullness swelling every nook and cranny in him. And the line was barely MOVING.

It hadn’t moved at ALL for a few minutes, and then a man left the bathroom, sighing very loudly, “Ahhh… Did NOT think I was gonna make that…” he said softly, just barely loud enough for Alex to hear. Those words were like a mallet to Alex’s bladder, striking it and making it shoot out a little squirt of its burden. “Adam, I can’t hold it!” he said yet again. “I’m… I’m gonna— Please, find me somewhere else? Please? I’ll go anywhere!” He released Adam’s arm from his grip and tucked his hands between his legs. He didn’t care about looking decent in public anymore. Flooding his pants here would be a whole lot worse than holding himself.

Adam craned his neck to get a better view of the line, then shook his head. “I… I guess you can’t wait through this…” he admitted. “Don’t worry, I’ll find you somewhere.” He led Alex away from the line and past the giant fountain. As liquid spurted in heavy streams from its openings, liquid tried to do the same thing through Alex’s own opening… He doubled over on himself and moaned, imagining himself jumping into the fountain, sitting down and just letting it all flow into his pants without anyone being able to tell.

“Maybe I can go in the fountain!” Alex said to Adam. “Please, Adam?”

Adam seemed to consider it, but then he said “No, look…” he gestured to a sign next to the fountain Alex hadn’t seen before.

‘NO PLAYING IN THE FOUNTAIN. PENALTY; FIVE THOUSAND DOLLAR FINE.’

Well. That was a little… Disproportionate, Alex thought. He wanted to argue that he wasn’t going to play in it, just pee, but THAT would probably result in an even bigger fine if he was caught.

“I’ll find you somewhere better, don’t worry.” Adam stated once more, and they were off walking again— Or, stumbling in Alex’s case. It was not easy to walk and cross his legs at the same time. He wished he could fly… Or teleport. That would be nice. He’d teleport himself inside a restroom, right in front of a urinal, and then he’d go and go and—

Hss!

Alex’s legs snapped together as his all too tantalizing fantasy coaxed out a short spurt of his burden. “Oooh!”

Adam put an arm around him. “Alex? I think we’re the only people here. So, if you can’t wait…”

Alex looked up. He was in a big, grassy field now. Apparently, Adam had led him outside and he’d just been so caught up in his desperation that he hadn’t noticed. But, that didn’t matter. They were outside, alone. And when they were outside, alone, Alex could just… unzip and pee! He squeezed his eyes shut as his hand went to his zipper and began to tug it down—

“Heh, sweet thing… What are you doing?” Adam asked.

“I can’t wait anymore! I gotta do it here!” Alex cried out, his hips twisting and legs shaking.

“Um… You can’d do it here, silly,” Adam said. “I promise, we’ll get off at the next stop and find you somewhere.”

Alex’s eyes popped back open and he realized that they were now on a bus. A very, very crowded bus. He couldn’t believe he’d almost whipped it out and pissed onto the floor in front of all these people! “Wha— Where’d the field go?” he demanded in confusion.

“What field?” Adam asked. “Look, I know we’ve been on here a long time, and I know you REALLY have to go, but you’ve gotta hold it for now, okay?”

Alex nodded miserably. He wanted to be back in the field… The field had been filled with the promise of relief… This bus was filled with the promise of desperation, pain, accidents and humiliation.

The bus came to a stop. “Alright,” Adam said. “Come on, time to get you to a toilet.”

Alex allowed Adam to lead him from the bus, allowed Adam to maneuver him down the sidewalk, allowed Adam to take him into a store, and stood there, dancing quietly as Adam asked; “Hey, is there a bathroom we can use, please?”

The man behind the counter shook his head. “Bathroom’s for customers only,” he said gruffly.

“I understand, but it’s an emergency,” Adam said. “We were just on a bus for seventeen hours.”

‘Seventeen hours!?’ Alex thought. Wow! No wonder he was about to blow! Weird that Adam didn’t seem to need to go as well… “Pl—Please?” Alex squeaked. “I promise I’ll be fast!”

“No,” the man said.

“Fine,” Adam said. “I’ll buy something. What can I get for—“

“I don’t even serve your kind here,” the man interrupted.

And now he’d done it. Now, Adam was mad. Alex could tell from the way his back straightened and his chest puffed out. “The Hell does that mean? Our kind?”

“Queers,” the man said. “Why would I let you use the bathroom here when you don’t even know which bathroom to use?”

Now, Alex was both scared right down to his bones, and so full of pee he could feel it all the way up to his ribcage. He shook from much more than desperation. What had he done wrong? His voice had cracked a lot when he’d begged for the toilet, was that it? Was it his long hair? But, lots of guys had long hair, right? Alex LIKED his long hair! Was it because he was too short? Lots of guys were short, too!

“You know discrimination is illegal, right?” Adam asked. “I could report you.”

“Don’t care,” the man said. “I don’t need a couple of freaks in my store, get the Hell out.”

Alex was trying so hard not to leak. But, his body wanted to leak from everywhere. His body wanted him to cry. His body wanted him to pee… “C—Come on, Adam,” Alex said.

“Yeah,” Adam said. “Screw this guy, he’s a piece of shit…” He took Alex by the arm and led him back out. “You know what?” he said. “Go pee on the wall. He deserves it.”

Alex didn’t have to be told twice, he scrambled around to the back of the building. “Come keep watch for me, okay?” he asked, fighting with his zip.

“Of course,” Adam said, standing himself at Alex’s back.

Alex’s bladder already felt light and loose as he lowered his zip… Finally, relief… Beautiful, beautiful relief at long, long last…

But, then when he started to pull himself out, the wall in front of him was gone. There was nothing for him to release his bladder onto. He was staring straight down at some carpet… Some very, very familiar carpet.

“She was talking to the neighbor again Papa,” Alex heard his sister Patience saying. “I saw her.”

It took him a few seconds of bleary confusion to realize that when Patience said ‘she’, she was referring to him. The neighbor was, of course, Adam. When Alex looked down again, he wasn’t himself anymore. He was the person he’d pretended to be at his old home. His chest was back to the way it had been before, and he wasn’t even wearing anything to help flatten it. He WAS wearing a long skirt, and when he opened his mouth, and spoke, his voice sounded high and airy. “Wh—Where’s Adam?” he asked. “What happened to me?”

Papa was looking at him now, “She corrupted you, that’s what happened to you. And you won’t be seeing her ever again.”

Again, it took Alex several seconds to figure out that ‘she’ referred to Adam. “He didn’t!” Alex said. “Why am I back here again? I left!”

“You didn’t leave,” Papa said. “You’re never leaving. I won’t allow it.”

Alex took several terrified steps back, tripping over his long skirt, and needing to steady himself against a wall. The sudden jolt reminded him of his need for the bathroom and he put a hand between his legs. He was startled when he didn’t feel his prosthetic, but realized he should have expected that. “Y—You’re lying! I did leave! I left, and I’m never coming back!”

“Young lady,” Papa raised his voice. “You have no right talking back to me, and don’t you dare touch yourself like some kind of heathen.”

Alex couldn’t let go of himself though. If he did, he’d pee, and that would make Papa even madder. “And— And Adam didn’t corrupt me! You did! Adam’s only ever told me the truth, and all you’ve ever done is lie!”

Papa reached forward and grabbed him by the arm, “In your room,” he snarled, dragging him off. He took Alex back to his old room and shoved him in. Alex heard the lock click on the other side and knew he would not be seeing a toilet any time soon. Tears fell from his eyes and momentarily blinded him. Once they cleared, he was no longer in his old home. His Papa was gone. He was laying on a blanket in the grass.

Alex hurriedly sat up and looked down at himself. His body was back. HIS body. His real one. He was wearing the clothes he liked, and when he felt around his front, his prosthetic was back. And Adam was beside him. Immediately, Alex turned and hugged him.

“Aww…” Adam said, nuzzling him. “Did you have a nice nap?”

“I had a nightmare,” Alex said. “I was back at the old place, and Papa was telling me I never really left, and—“

“You DID leave,” Adam reassured. “You’re right here with me now, and you never, ever have to go back…” He gave Alex a soft kiss on the cheek. “Don’t worry…” He stroked Alex’s arm. “Poor thing, you’re shaking! That must have been a really bad dream!”

Alex nodded, “It was awful!” he said. “My body was all wrong again. And, Papa was shouting. And I…” The pressure from his bladder returned full force. “I also had to go to the bathroom really, really bad. And I still do.”

“Oh,” Adam said. “Well, that’s the only part of the dream that was real. Do you want me to take you now?”

Alex nodded, “I’m gonna burst!” he insisted, pressing his hands back against his crotch and shimmying his hips, jiggling where he sat.

“No problem,” Adam said. “There probably won’t be much of a line since the show’s about to start…” He stood and held out his hand for Alex, whom finally remembered then that they were at an outdoor music festival. Oh, he hoped that didn’t mean he was gonna have to use a gross portable toilet… Even if he didn’t have to sit down on it, the smell was still awful to have to endure.

Alex took Adam’s hand in his own and gently stood. Standing made it even more apparent just how badly he needed to go. “Is it close?” he asked.

“Yeah,” Adam promised. “Come on…” He gently helped Alex traverse the crowd in such a way that he didn’t get knocked around too much, and his bladder didn’t get TOO angry with all the jostling. Once they were out of the crowd, they were standing in front of a small building with two doors, one with a blue stickman and the other with a pink one. Good. Actual, flushing toilets. And not second too soon.

“I’ve kinda gotta go too,” Adam said, opening the door to the men’s room and stepping inside. Alex followed after, very eager to make use of what was in there. “That’s weird…” Adam said.

“What’s weird?” Alex asked, peeking around Adam. He understood then. There wasn’t anything in here Alex could empty out into. There were marks on the floors where the stalls and toilets used to be, but that was all. Where the urinals and sinks once were, there were now just protruding, leaky pipes. And boy were those leaky pipes loud! Every drip, drip, drip that plinked out of them seemed to cause another new drip to be added to the ocean already being contained in Alex’s bladder. “Adam… It’s an emergency!” he said.

Adam had started to rock back and forth, “Oh, yeah. It definitely is. I’m seriously bursting all of the sudden.” He jiggled and crossed his legs, dancing an awful lot for someone that had seemed perfectly fine a few seconds ago.

‘The leaky pipes must be bugging him, too,’ Alex thought, coiling his legs together and leaning against the wall for support.

“Maybe the women’s room is better?” Adam suggested.

“We’ll get in trouble!” Alex said.

Adam shrugged, “Like you said, it’s an emergency,” he reminded. “Besides, the kind of person who’d get mad at us for being in there is the same kind of person that would say we should be FORCED to go in there if they knew we were trans. Isn’t that kinda funny?”

Alex didn’t think anything was funny right now. He needed the bathroom too badly to find humor in anything. “I— I don’t— I just need to GO, Adam…”

“I know, I know,” Adam said. And the two left this room and tried the women’s side instead. They did not have better luck there. Again, the bathroom had been dismantled. No toilets to pee into, not even any sinks to use as a last resort.

“Adam, I’m gonna have an accident,” Alex admitted miserably. It felt like he’d been holding it for DAYS. No doubt the result of his VERY elaborate pee dream from earlier.

“We’ll find somewhere,” Adam said, exiting the room.

But, they didn’t. They looked for a toilet for what felt like hours. They tried just relieving themselves on the grass or behind a bush, but no matter where they went there was always someone watching, someone who would yell at them that they were absolutely NOT allowed to pee outside here. Through it all, Alex’s misery grew and grew and Adam’s pee dances became more and more obvious.

Alex leaked several times, but he always managed to hold back the massive flood that constantly felt like it was JUST about to come pouring out. When he looked down at himself, his bladder was swollen. Seriously. Swollen. EXTREMELY swollen. His lower abdomen was protruding out several inches, his shirt no longer able to cover it. He looked like a watermelon was growing in his belly— Something Alex had believed was actually possible until a few months ago when he’d swallowed a seed, promptly freaked out, and had needed Adam to tell him that that was a myth.

The memory made him laugh, and laughing made more pee squirt into his boxers. He cringed and doubled over before falling to his knees. He couldn’t take much more of this…

***

Adam knew he was dreaming. He knew he was dreaming because he was flying, and of course that could only happen in a dream. It was fun to be able to tell that he was in a dream, because he could make whatever he wanted to have happen actually happen. Like, if he wanted to be a world famous rockstar, he could do that. And, a second later, that’s what he was. He had millions of adoring fans that all loved his music, and he was more skilled with a guitar than anyone else in history had ever been.

Alex was his biggest fan though. And he proved that after every show, showering him in kisses and compliments and “I love you”s. And after that, they’d go into Adam’s dressing room and have some private fun. Since this was a dream, Adam’s body could be whatever he wanted, too. If he wanted to have a fully functional penis that was no different from a cis man’s, then he could have one. And so could Alex. So, that’s what they had. Fully functional, and attached to their bodies without the aid of a harness.

Since this was a dream, he could climb on top of Alex and ride him. He could pump Alex full of his cum. He could make Alex ejaculate thin ropes of semen onto the floor beneath them. He could—

Ouch!

Ouch!

OUCH!

Something was REALLY hurting his back all of the sudden. Something was slamming repeatedly into the very sensitive area just beneath his rib cage. What WAS that?!

His eyes slowly cracked open, and even though he’d known all along that it was a dream, he still missed his fame and his idealized body and— OUCH!

He sat up and rubbed his back, still trying to figure out what was causing the pain, but it didn’t take long to work it out now. Alex was SQUIRMING. He was flopping and floundering and twisting in every direction. He had a pinched, pained look on his face, and when he turned himself over yet again, his hands crammed between his legs.

And, it didn’t take a genius to figure out that more of that gallon of water Alex had chugged at dinner had decided it was WELL past time to check out. ‘How in the world is he sleeping through that?’ Adam wondered. He was even more shocked Alex hadn’t woken up when he tossed back around and his shirt rode up his belly a little bit. There was a bump in his lower abdomen, his bladder clearly WAY beyond full.

Adam knew he needed to wake Alex up right away or else he’d risk the both of them waking up in wet sheets, and Alex being utterly devastated by what he’d done. He needed to nudge Alex and say “Alex, sweet thing? Wake up, okay? I think you need the toilet very badly.”

But, when Alex got woken up suddenly, he tended to jump. He tended to get startled. And, when Alex got startled while carrying a full bladder, he tended to… Go. At least a LITTLE bit. Not a full blown accident, but a big enough leak to be obvious. With how bad Alex obviously had to go NOW, Adam wasn’t sure if startling him was the best idea.

But, what could he do? If Alex didn’t wake up on his own, he was going to wet the bed for sure… He remembered what he’d done earlier in the evening; Carrying Alex up the stairs so he could make it to the restroom in time. Maybe he could do something like that again?

Clearly, Alex was in a deep, DEEP sleep right now if what was clearly a PAINFUL need for the bathroom wasn’t rousing him… It could work. Adam climbed out of bed and walked around to Alex’s side. He lifted him up very carefully, not wanting him to wake up before they were in the bathroom. He was glad their apartment was small, it wasn’t going to be a long walk.

Alex was still thrashing around a little in his arms, still in very obvious distress, and Adam moved as quickly as he dared towards the toilet.

***

Adam was carrying him now, because by this point Alex was so desperate for a pee that he had lost the ability to walk. His bladder was so swollen now that he’d had to unbutton his shorts to keep them from ripping. Adam had wet himself trying to carry Alex, and Alex felt terrible. He wanted to pee himself too to make Adam feel better, but he didn’t want to do it until Adam set him down. “Adam, just let me go!” he begged. “I can’t hold it anymore, and I don’t wanna get you wet!”

***

Adam stepped into the bathroom. He pulled up the lid on the toilet and shook Alex gently. He didn’t wake up. He shook him again. Nothing.

***

For some reason they were on a bus again. And it was going over lots and lots and lots of bumps! Every one jostled Alex up and down and made his bladder hurt more! He and Adam were the only people on the bus, and conveniently there was a rubber mat beneath Alex’s feet, so if he peed his pants like Adam had, the mess wouldn’t be too bad…

***

Adam continued shaking Alex. “Sweet thing, wake up. You need the toilet REALLY bad…” he whispered. “You need to let it out now.”

Alex remained asleep.

***

“Sweet thing,” Adam said. “Just let it go. You need the toilet REALLY bad. You need to let it out now.”

Feeling reassured by Adam’s words, Alex uncrossed his legs over the rubber mat and told his body that it was finally okay to relax…

***

Hssss…

Adam saw a damp spot spreading on Alex’s crotch. Crap, crap… He was going! God, how heavy a sleeper WAS he? He was gonna totally pee his pants now!

Panicked, he leaned Alex against the sink counter and yanked his pants down. He saw Alex’s stream trickling out and hurried to sit him down on the toilet. Pee continued to pour from Alex’s body, hissing away. But, now that he was on the bowl, that was perfectly fine. Adam propped his head up a bit for him and leaned him backwards against the tank of the toilet, then breathed a sigh of relief. Crisis averted.

***

Psssshhhhhh!!

Alex released a massive flood into his shorts, it rolled down his legs and splashed against the rubber below him. He was wetting himself. He was having an accident. But… It felt too good for him to care. He was peeing! His poor, tired, aching, exhausted, swollen, throbbing bladder was at long last being allowed to empty. “Ahhhh…” he sighed, shivers working up and down his spine.

***

Adam kind of had to watch as Alex peed this time. He didn’t want him to slump over in the wrong direction in his sleep and… Fall off his seat or something. ‘Jesus, Alex…’ Adam thought as Alex’s extremely forceful spray continued pounding into the bowl. ‘How in the world could you sleep with all THAT in you?!’ When Alex’s body started to shake, Adam felt a funny smile and blush creep across his face. ‘Aww… He gets the piss shivers even when he’s asleep!’

“Just let it out, Alex…” Adam said softly. “Let it all go.”

***

“Ahhhhhhhh….” Alex continued to moan as wave after wave of boiling piss splattered beneath his feet. The swell in his center was finally starting to shrink. His shirt was beginning to actually fit him again, and he no longer looked like he’d swallowed a bunch of bowling balls.

“Just let it out, Alex…” Adam encouraged, rubbing his back. “Let it all go.”

And that was what Alex did, he let his bladder keep spraying away. He didn’t want it to ever, ever stop. By the time his abdomen was back to being nice and flat, he was still going strong. And it took like what felt like five hours for his pee to finally come to a stop. “Mmm… I NEEDED that,” he said.

***

Adam watched as Alex continued to pressure wash the porcelain beneath him. Alex was smiling in his sleep now, and he hoped that whatever he was dreaming about was nice. Must have been really nice if he couldn’t be bothered to wake up for THIS. Listening to Alex’s pee go on and on and on like that was making Adam need to go VERY badly himself. He hoped Alex finished soon. And he hoped that he’d actually wake up so he could walk HIMSELF back to bed while Adam took care of his bladder…

Alex’s release finally slowed down to a trickle, then it ceased altogether. Adam stepped closer and ran a hand through his boyfriend’s hair. “Wow… That’s better, isn’t it?”

***

Adam was staring at the humongous puddle Alex had made. “Wow…” he breathed out. “That’s better, isn’t it?”

“Muuuuch better!” Alex agreed. “I thought I was gonna explode! I feel so light now, like I can fly!” He jumped up into the air, and then… Then he WAS flying.

And Alex knew he was dreaming. Because, of course, he could only fly in a dream. But, that enormous, massive, oh so relieving piss he’d just had had felt SO, SO real… And so had all the desperation leading up to it, and—

He’d wet the bed.

He knew he’d wet the bed.

Oh no, oh no, oh no! He’d peed his bed! He’d peed his AND Adam’s bed! They were both gonna wake up in a very big puddle all because of him! No!

His eyes shot open, and a hand went between his legs to feel— Huh? Why was he sitting upright? Why were his legs bare, and—

“Oh,” Adam said. “NOW you wake up.”

“Adam?” Alex asked, his sleep addled and very confused brain struggling to process WHERE he was and what was happening. His eyes started to adjust to the darkness and he finally recognized that he was in the restroom. He looked down at himself and he realized he was sitting on the toilet… “Did… Did I make it?” he asked dazedly.

“I REALLY couldn’t get you up,” Adam said. “But, I could tell you were having an emergency, so I brought you here and sat you down, and… You made it.” He laughed. “You seriously slept through the WHOLE thing, though.”

Alex yawned. Now that he knew everything was okay, that Adam had saved him just in time, he wanted to go BACK to sleep. He stood and pulled his pants back up. Then, he hugged Adam, “Th—Thank you…” he said. “And, I’m sorry for all the trouble.”

“It’s not a problem,” Adam said, squeezing him back. “I already told you, taking care of each other is what a relationship is about.”

Alex noticed him eyeing the now vacant toilet, “You have to go too now, don’t you?”

“Yeah…” Adam said.

Alex yawned again, “Well, I’m gonna go back to sleep… Thank you so much…” He began to stumble back to the bedroom.

Adam hurriedly unbuttoned his pajama pants, aimed his prosthetic, and released his stream before going to join him.

