Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*011*2022-02-13 18:10

Adam was surprised that Alex actually knew how to swim. He tried not to let it show, but apparently it was obvious. “There was that lake by my old house,” Alex said. “Sometimes, we’d go there and swim. Papa taught me, and then I had to teach the little ones.”

“So, would you like to go to a waterpark?” Adam asked. “It’s like a theme park, but with swimming pools and waterslides and stuff.”

“That sounds fun,” Alex said. “But, how do I…” He looked down. He knew he couldn’t wear a regular guy’s swimsuit, his chest still needed to be fixed for that. He definitely didn’t want to wear a women’s swimsuit, something that would emphasize the parts of his body he wanted to leave more concealed. At his old home, when he’d swam in the lake, he’d just worn his regular clothes, but he was pretty sure that that wouldn’t fly at a waterpark, and he didn’t think his chest binder would work so well if it was wet anyway. And, he was worried he’d get hurt leaving it on while doing something so active; especially something that caused him to hold his breath.

“There are binders made for swimming,” Adam said. “Put it on under a shirt and wear some trunks.”

“Is it okay to wear a shirt?” Alex asked. “Won’t it look weird?”

“No,” Adam said. “Lots of cis guys swim with shirts on; If anybody asks, you can say that you have a really freaky looking scar that you want to hide, but I doubt anyone will care.”

The mention of scars made Alex ask; “Are you gonna wear a shirt?” Adam had had top surgery, and the scars remained visible; Distinct lines beneath his nipples.

“Would that make you feel less alone?”

“No, I mean, what if somebody asks about your scars?”

“Wanna know how I got these scars?” Adam asked, putting on a weird voice.

“Huh? I… I already know where they’re from,” Alex said.

“Oh, no,” Adam said, once again being reminded of just how little popular culture Alex had ever been exposed to. Apart from being permitted to read the Narnia series, Alex had missed out on most of the franchises Adam had grown up with. “I meant… It’s… It’s from a movie. Never mind.”

“Oh,” Alex said. “But, what if somebody DOES ask about them, won’t that be bad?”

“I can just say that it’s from a surgery,” Adam said. “I don’t HAVE to tell anyone what kind of surgery it was if I don’t want to.”

The next week, Adam drove Alex down to the local waterpark. “It’s going to be crowded here,” he said. “So stick close to me, and if it’s too much you just need to tell me, alright?”

Alex nodded, but he didn’t think it would be too much. He was starting to feel less scared in big crowds, he was getting used to seeing strangers and hearing unfamiliar voices. He was pretty sure he’d have fun here, he’d enjoyed the rides at the state fair a lot, after all.

Once they were in the park, Alex had to admit he was a little on edge. This was one of the most crowded places he’d ever been in, and he took Adam’s hand apprehensively, trying to ground himself.

Adam squeezed his hand back, “You’re okay,” he said. “I’m here.”

Alex tried to take deep breaths. He reminded himself that the things he’d been taught at his old place, that those who didn’t belong to his family’s group were outsiders, and that outsiders were corrupt, evil and looking to hurt him, had all been lies. He felt better when Adam started to caress his hand. Adam had never belonged to Alex’s family’s group, and he wasn’t the least bit evil.

Adam decided to take Alex on his favorite water slide first. There was a line, but it wasn’t super long. It felt long to Alex, though. It was so hot today, the swim binder was thick and the added layer of his shirt on top of it made it worse. He could feel sweat rolling down his back and front, getting caught in between the binder and his skin. It made him itchy. It made him so itchy he wished he had claws like a cat’s so he could give his skin a good, hard scratching. It was very hard to scratch himself through the binder, and as he kept trying, he grew worried that his actions would look strange to anyone watching.

Adam was so lucky he’d had his chest fixed already. He didn’t have to wear a thing that made him sweaty and itchy and made it so, so hard to scratch. His chest and back could be bare, he could be nice and cool and comfortable. Alex normally didn’t mind having to wear a binder, often he forgot it was even there, but now as it trapped buckets of sweat against his irritated skin, he minded it a lot.

Adam noticed Alex fidgeting and wavering his hands about around his chest. He was about to ask what was bothering him, when he remembered his least favorite part of the Summer months before his top surgery. “Once we’re on the ride, you’ll be good and cooled off,” Adam said. “It will feel a lot better then.”

“I want to get ‘it’ fixed soon,” Alex said, still trying to dig his nails against his back enough to scratch the unbearable tingling underneath his skin.

“You will,” Adam said, he lowered his voice to a whisper, mindful of the other people in the line. “You’re taking hormones now, you’re seeing the doctors you need to be seeing, that’s the first step. You’ll get surgery soon now, I promise.”

For the next half hour, Alex stood in line with Adam, and endured the oppressive heat beating down on him making him sweat even more buckets, endured the awful prickly tickle flaring just below the surface of his skin, hoped that Adam was right and that the nice, cool water on the ride would make it feel better.

To his immense relief, the water was like magic. It chilled his overheating body, and soaked him through enough that his skin no longer felt so irritated. Even after the ride had ended and he wasn’t in the water anymore, Alex had gotten damp enough that he still felt significantly cooler.

“Better?” Adam asked.

“Yeah,” Alex said. “What can we go on next?”

Adam smiled, he was glad Alex was excited again now. He must have been feeling worlds better. “First,” he said. “We need to get you something to drink. You’re probably pretty dehydrated now.”

Alex was disappointed that they were taking a break from the fun already, but when his senses jumped at the water in his mouth, the refreshing way it pooled on his tongue and cascaded down his throat, he had to admit Adam was right. He’d been really, really thirsty. He finished one bottle of water and still felt the scratchy, sand-papery feeling in his throat, so he asked for another. After draining the second bottle of every last drop and tossing them both into a recycling bin, Alex again asked what ride they could go on next.

So, Adam took Alex to the line for another slide he’d always enjoyed. This line was less painful for Alex, now that he was damp and hydrated, the Summer heat wasn’t all that intense anymore. They went on several more rides, and between each one Adam would remind Alex to rehydrate. Since Alex was having so much fun, he didn’t even realize the effect all the beverages mixed with the constant sound of running water had taken until it got so intense it was suddenly the only thing he could think about.

It hit him while they were on a lazy river styled ride. Alex had been resting in his tube when suddenly his bladder sent a very harsh, urgent signal. It kind of startled him. He knew he must have been needing to go for a while for the spasms to be so intense, but he honestly hadn’t even noticed. Now though, he couldn’t NOT notice it. He had to get himself to a restroom as soon as possible. All that water had decided that it was time to check out.

But, the ride was slow, and he didn’t know how much further it was to the exit. Adam was beside him though, and he’d been here lots of times, so Alex asked him.

“I think it’s about ten more minutes until we’re at the end,” Adam said. “Why? Is this one boring?”

“No, I just need the restroom,” Alex whispered, unable to hide the desperation in his voice. Come to think of it, he was pretty confused as to why Adam wasn’t getting squirmy yet himself, they’d both had the same amount of drinks…

Adam didn’t reply for a second, then he shrugged. “I’ll find you one as soon as we’re out,” he said. “Don’t worry.”

“Okay,” Alex said, another twinge from between his legs making him tense up his thighs. Now that he was aware that he had to pee, it was quickly building into a serious emergency. He could feel himself growing more desperate with each second that ticked by, the sound of water sloshing all around him wasn’t helping his situation at all, it was only causing the torrent of urine to knock against his dam with even more fury. It wasn’t very easy to squirm while stuck in an inner-tube, and after a few more minutes of rapidly increasing urgency, Alex let out a feeble whine in the back of his throat.

After what seemed like an eternity of sluggish movement, they had reached the exit of the ride. Alex was the first to spring onto dry land, where he immediately began bouncing on his feet and looking around every which way.

Adam calmly joined him, noting his boyfriend’s antsy motions. His hands were balled into fists at his side as he tapped first one foot and then the other, before jumping back and forth between them. Adam was a little perplexed by it, honestly. “If it’s THAT bad, why didn’t you just—“

“Adam, where are the restrooms?” Alex asked. He hoped they were close. He wasn’t sure he even had ten minutes to spare before his bladder gave up and released his flood.

“There’s one close by,” Adam assured. “Come on, I’ll take you.”

Alex followed after Adam and felt immense joy when they passed a sign pointing in the direction of the restrooms. They were close! He’d make it! He picked up his pace. He was going to have to use a stall, his swimming trunks didn’t have a zipper and pulling his prosthetic out over the waistband of them didn’t work; He’d end up having to pull it too far out from underneath him, causing leakage as his urethra was no longer over the funnel. And, no way was he pulling the trunks all the way down to use a urinal.

That wasn’t a big deal, though. Alex was already imagining himself bursting through a stall door, yanking down his trunks and taking aim, allowing his body to finally do what it had to do.

Alex’s joy perished after throwing itself off a thirty story building when he got into the restroom, however. There was only one stall, it was taken, and there were three people in line ahead of him. He scurried to the back of the line, grinding his teeth together, wanting to beg to be allowed to cut to the front of the line when another twinge of his bladder told him he couldn’t handle the wait; No way could he last long enough for FOUR people to finish up in the stall before his sphincter gave up and surrendered to the demands of his bladder.

He could picture it so clearly; Frozen at the back of the line as his body waved the white flag and a stream of pale yellow liquid trickled down his legs and dripped to the floor beneath him against his will. Everyone would see Alex standing there in clothes that were no longer only wet from pool water. Adam would be disgusted, probably. They’d have to leave. He would have ruined the entire day just because he’d been unable to register his body’s needs until it was too late.

‘Oh, please, no!’ Alex mentally begged, knowing he had about two minutes before the ticking time bomb that was his bladder finally exploded. And still the line hadn’t moved! He jumped in place, he shifted his weight, he internally begged for the person in the stall to hurry up, but nothing worked. The line stayed at a stand-still, and Alex’s bladder seemed to only pinch at him with even more fury.

The worst part was that he could hear the urinals being used. He could hear streams hitting porcelain, he could hear the rush of water as they were flushed. He could hear the sinks pouring too. And each of these sounds sent harsher and harsher pangs through his overburdened bladder. It activated some kind of fight or flight response in him, and he began to seriously consider going to the urinal and taking his trunks down all the way, asking Adam to stand directly behind him in order to block the view…

“Alex,” Adam whispered. “I don’t think you can make it through this line, why don’t you just—“

“I have to!” Alex whimpered.

“You can’t. It’s been, like, five minutes, and it hasn’t moved.”

Alex moaned in the back of his throat, using his hands to help push his thighs even tighter together. He didn’t want to admit that Adam was right, because he didn’t want to admit that he was going to have an accident. He didn’t know where the next nearest restroom was, but he was positive he couldn’t make it there in time. And, even if he did, what if there was another line? He couldn’t handle it. He had to go right this second!

“Alex, why don’t you just go in one of the pools?” Adam asked softly. “I don’t get it, if it’s THAT bad, why didn’t you just do it while we were in the lazy river?”

Adam couldn’t be serious. Alex couldn’t do THAT! He knew exactly what would happen if he did! He saw it on TV once; Swimming pools all had a special dye in them that only became visible once the water made contact with urine. If Alex peed in the water, the dye would activate. Everyone would know right away that Alex was peeing. He’d get into loads of trouble. He and Adam may even be banned from the park! He couldn’t do that! Didn’t Adam know about the special dye? Adam was supposed to know everything! Why was he teasing him like this, offering a method for relief that he knew was off-limits?

Alex shook his head back and forth, scrunching his eyes shut as the most intense spasm of his life wormed through his bladder. He had to use every bit of strength he had not to pee right then and there. A few seconds later, and Alex felt a little more in control again, but then the wicked, awful pangs returned.

“Alex, seriously,” Adam said. “Just go in the water.”

“What about the dye?” Alex asked, stepping frantically in place.

“The… Oh!” Adam said in realization. “You’re talking about…That’s a really old urban legend. That doesn’t actually happen anywhere.”

“How can you know?”

“Because, I peed when we were in the lazy river, and nothing bad happened,” Adam said. “You can pee in the water too, it will be fine.”

Alex’s face was still scrunched up. He supposed he had to believe Adam; It was the only thing that could possibly explain why Adam wasn’t also jumping around and out of his mind with desperation after having so much water. He nodded. “Okay, I’ll do it.”

Adam took Alex by the arm, noting the constant tension now present in his muscles, and led him from the restroom. Alex had to ignore the confused throbs from his bladder as he left the room without letting it empty at any point. “Hurry, hurry, hurry…” Alex muttered under his breath as he followed Adam towards the wave pool that now promised him mind-breaking relief.

When the water began lapping at his feet, Alex felt like he was gonna lose it. He had to tighten practically every muscle in his body to make it a few more steps until he was deep enough that the water covered him up to the waist. He looked to his side at Adam, eyes watering and a silent plea on his lips.

Adam nodded, and Alex felt more confident that this was actually an okay thing to do. He at last gave his body permission to ease some of its tension.

What followed was a very weird sensation. He felt his bladder starting to deflate, felt his muscles going slack and relaxed, felt himself peeing very, very forcefully after so much agonizing desperation, but he also felt warmth and heat building up around his body. And, he didn’t hear his urine splashing into a toilet bowl or urinal. It felt strange to be peeing so hard and yet have it be totally silent. It felt strange to be peeing in such a public location, there were loads of other people in the pool, and it made Alex’s heart pound as he realized he was taking an enormous leak in front of all of them.

But, then he realized that since his pee wasn’t making a sound, and when he looked down the water was unchanged, nobody could actually tell that he was going. And, when he felt more secure about that, the relief of his release took over. “Ahhhh…” Alex breathed out as the awful pressure in his middle began to fade away. His eyes drooped shut, his head tipped back, and his mouth dropped open with another blissful sigh.

Adam jumped at Alex’s first exhalation, and began to redden as his boyfriend kept on groaning. ‘Oh, God… Could he be any MORE obvious about it!?’ he thought. Adam looked to his side at Alex and discovered that, yes, he could in fact manage to make the fact he was pissing like a firehose into the pool even more blatant to everyone around them. His face was totally glazed over, the picture of relief. Mixed with the noises pouring from his mouth, it was clear as day that Alex was peeing…

Adam remembered the pee he’d had on the lazy river ride; Yes, he’d had to go pretty bad, and it had felt really good to let it out, but he’d kept his jaw tight to keep from making a sound. He’d concentrated very hard on pretending he was just admiring the flowers that surrounded the ride. He’d done everything he could to NOT look and sound like he was relieving himself.

Alex, however… People were either going to KNOW he was peeing, or think he had a very unusual and specific fetish for wave pools. Adam wasn’t sure which was worse. “Alex, sweet thing,” Adam said with a nervous laugh. “Shhh…”

Alex was too lost in the haze of his relief to realize Adam was talking to him. He was beginning to think his pee would never end. He’d have to live in the wave pool forever, and have Adam bring him food and drinks as he peed out a never ending stream. It did stop eventually, and Alex shivered intensely with yet another deep sigh of relief. “Ahhhh…” His eyes slowly peeled open, and he noticed how red Adam was. He panicked and looked down, certain that Adam had been wrong and there really WAS colored dye in the pool, and now everyone knew Alex had peed, and— “What’s the matter?” he asked. “There’s no dye! Nobody can tell!”

Adam covered his mouth with a hand. He wanted to ask Alex “Do you have ANY idea how loudly you were sighing!?” but didn’t want to make him feel ashamed, not after Adam had been the one to convince him to do that in the first place. If nobody else said anything about Alex’s noises and facial expressions— not to mention his full-blown pee-shiver— then Adam wouldn’t either. “Um… Yeah. Sure. Nobody could tell.”
