Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*009*2022-02-11 18:03

(This one gets a bit more explicit at the end.)

Alex was nervous. Adam had said it was time to get flu shots. Alex had never gotten a shot before— He’d never even been to a doctor before! The sort of… ‘community’ he grew up in didn’t believe in going to the doctor. Alex wasn’t so sure what to expect from this.

He did kind of have an idea how ‘shots’ worked; Adam gave himself a shot every week as part of his transition. Alex had always thought it looked super painful to get poked with a sharp thing like that. But, Alex hoped to begin physically transitioning someday soon as well, so figured he needed to get used to the idea of needles and injections. So, maybe a flu shot would be good practice for that?

He just… He wasn’t sure what all happened when a person got the shot. Adam had said they were getting them at the pharmacy where he picked up his testosterone prescriptions, and where Alex would get his as well when that day finally came for him. Alex had gone to the pharmacy with Adam lots of times, but had never seen anyone getting a shot there. Adam promised him the doctors there knew what they were doing, and that he had nothing to worry about.

So, Alex assumed that this was going to be like a doctor-visit. But, having never had one of those before, he still wasn’t quite sure what that would entail. “What all do they do while we’re there?” Alex asked.

“Oh, it’s not that much,” Adam assured. “They do some preparatory stuff, give you the shot, and then it’s all over.”

Alex had nodded, but realized later that the phrase ‘preparatory stuff’ was a little too vague. He didn’t want to come unprepared and cause Adam problems. So, he found some episodes from TV shows where a character visited a doctor. From there, he learned that he would have his height and weight measured, have some blood taken out with a different needle— An idea which was very scary for him— And he’d need to pee into a cup.

When he found out about that last one, he was glad he actually had something he could aim with now. But, even if he was confident he didn’t have to worry about making a mess of himself when trying to fill the cup, he was still anxious about it.

What if Alex didn’t have to go when it came time to use the cup? What if he could only get out a little dribble, and that wasn’t enough? And then, Adam had to wait around for Alex’s bladder to fill adequately? What if the doctors got annoyed with his poor performance? What if Alex messed everything up, and they ended up not being able to get their shots?

He made a decision then. He would make extra sure his bladder had enough liquid inside of it to fill a cup. Tomorrow when they went to get their shots, Alex would skip his morning pee. Then, he would drink as much as he could. By the time they got to the pharmacy, he’d surely be so full of pee that he’d need more than just one cup to fit it all.

That night, he and Adam got ready for bed. Adam brushed his teeth while Alex had what would be his final pee until some time tomorrow afternoon. Adam blushed as Alex stood and relieved himself right in front of him. There had been a lot of people in the house Alex had grown up in, privacy just wasn’t really a thing. Alex had even said once that if he or anyone else was in the restroom for too long, his Dad would just yank the door open and barge in to demand what they were doing.

Adam had thought it was very strange that, considering their doctrine valued ‘modesty’ so much, Alex’s Dad would so flagrantly violate people’s right to basic privacy all the time.

So, Alex was just used to peeing with others around him, it wasn’t a big deal. And, Adam assumed, now that he could go standing and didn’t have to take his pants all the way down, it felt even less like a big deal to let it flow with an audience.

Alex peeing like that beside him as he brushed his teeth was having a bit of an effect on Adam’s bladder now. He normally kept the sink running while he brushed, but he flicked it off now… Not that it did much to remove the taunting sound of running water from the room and he began to shimmy a little in place.

Alex had been made to hold it a lot in his past; He’d been locked up in rooms that lacked toilet facilities for long stretches of time, and the result was that he could hold an awful lot in. Adam brushed his teeth for two minutes, and it took Alex about that long to finish peeing.

“Ahhh,” Alex exhaled as he put himself back away. “I needed that!” He tried not to think about just how bad he was gonna be needing it again tomorrow.

Once Adam had relieved his own bladder, the two adjourned to their bedroom. Alex quickly reached beneath his shirt to unzip his binder, then immediately ducked under the covers. Adam remembered all the times he’d done the same thing; It was unhealthy to leave a binder on overnight, but having to look at what it was meant to conceal was hard. Someday, Alex would get to have surgery just like Adam had had, and he wouldn’t need to worry about it ever again.

Adam slid into bed beside Alex and hugged him close. Alex had nightmares a lot, and Adam wanted to make sure that if it happened again tonight, he’d wake up within a comforting pair of arms.

Morning dawned, and Alex woke to a brimming bladder. Most people usually woke up needing a pee, but for Alex he woke up most mornings just about dying for one. Other people, he knew, did not feel quite this desperate first thing in the morning. Back when he’d lived in that tiny house with tons of people and one restroom, he’d come dangerously close to accidents early in the morning multiple times. Some days, he actually did end up wetting himself as he bobbed up and down in line and begged his body to hold on just a little longer.

Then, when his pee began to gush down his legs, he would have the sinking feeling that told him punishment was coming.

But, today, Alex remembered he wasn’t going to have a morning pee. He had to save it for when they saw the doctor. And on top of that, he had to drink more water just to be extra safe. So, when Alex entered the restroom to get ready for the day, he forced himself to go right past the toilet he already really, really needed to use, and straight for the shower.

Ever since he left the place from before, he’d been able to take warm showers. In the old place, the water was always ice cold by the time Alex got a chance to get in the tub. Warm water was much more relaxing… Except, it wasn’t very relaxing when you were trying to hold in a lot of pee!

Both the sound of the gushing shower head and the sensation of warm liquid dripping down his body made Alex’s bladder begin to lurch and tremble. He had to cross his legs extra tight as he soaped his hair to keep everything inside where it belonged. He felt silly doing a pee dance in the shower— Everyone peed in the shower sometimes, didn’t they? But, he wasn’t trying to hold it to avoid an accident, he was trying to hold it so his appointment would go well!

Once he was dried off and dressed, he opened the door to his squirmy boyfriend. He wondered if Adam was doing the same thing, trying to hold it so he would be sure and have enough pee in him to fill up a cup. But, when Adam re-emerged from the restroom several minutes later, all his fidgeting had ceased, his bladder clearly freshly emptied.

Alex hoped Adam filled up again fast…

Alex jiggled in his chair as he and Adam ate breakfast. His body protested loudly when he downed a couple glasses of water. It insisted that he was already too full, he shouldn’t put even more in! He knew that he had to, though. He would inconvenience everyone at the pharmacy otherwise.

Alex was relieved their appointment was early in the day; Right after breakfast, it was time to go. Adam drove; Alex still didn’t have his license, and the idea of controlling a car frightened him to no end anyway. Even if Alex was legally able to drive, he wouldn’t have been physically capable of it today. His legs would have been too tightly crossed to be able to work the pedals. Every bump in the road sent an electrically charged knife through his bladder. He felt himself leak a couple times when Adam had needed to come to a sudden stop.

Adam noticed Alex twisting around, as well as the panicked, pained look on his face. “Hey,” he said. “It’s no big deal. I know, needles look scary, but I promise it’s just a little pinch. It only lasts a couple seconds, and then it’s all over.”

Adam frowned as Alex continued to tremble. “You’ll see, after it’s over you won’t even know why you were so scared. And, think of it this way; Once you know you can handle a shot, you’ll know you’ll be ready to take T.”

Alex nodded. Adam had gotten him an appointment set up for hormone therapy soon; In a month, he’d be able to get the ball rolling on that. He’d have the deep voice, the muscle growth, the facial hair… Everything he’d wanted!

Would he have to pee in a cup for that appointment, too? He hoped not, because this was really hard! Alex was already leaking so bad, no matter how tightly he clenched his thighs, the dribbles kept on coming.

Adam parked the car and got out. Alex was shocked at how relaxed his partner looked, as surely he was holding back a huge ocean for the sake of the appointment too, wasn’t he? But, it didn’t look like he had to go at all!

Alex gingerly stepped out and took hunched, cross-legged step after hunched, cross-legged step into the pharmacy. Adam directed him to an area in the back where chairs had been set up and told him they just had to wait there. A few minutes later, a lady came out and had them fill out some forms, then took those forms back into a different room. “See?” Adam asked. “They’re nice here.”

Alex knocked his knees together and jiggled them; “A~And how long until I get to pee in the cup?”

Adam stared at him for a few seconds. He blinked once. Twice. Three times. “Um… What?”

“Because, on TV, when someone goes to the doctor, they have to pee in a cup?” Alex said, crossing and uncrossing his legs as his bladder screamed at him to just let it empty. “And, I hope that happens soon?”

Adam shook his head, “Um… That usually happens at a physical, or if they’re checking to see if you’ve got certain diseases. You don’t pee in a cup when you get a flu shot.”

“…Oh,” Alex said. “But—But you said they have to do preparatory stuff!”

“I meant, like, filling out those forms, and swabbing your arm with alcohol, you don’t have to pee in anything!” Adam started to snort a laugh, but Alex interrupted him, rattling off how he’d deliberately skipped his morning pee and then drank a ton of water because he’d been worried he wouldn’t be able to fill the cup otherwise. Except, now there wasn’t gonna be a cup, and Alex’s poor, aching bladder just couldn’t handle that!

Adam was stunned when he heard all that, realizing that maybe Alex’s nervous shimmying hadn’t been due to a phobia of needles at all. “Okay,” he said. “The restrooms are right over there,” he gestured over his shoulder. “They’re single stall here, so you don’t have to worry about anybody being a jackass to you while you’re in there.”

Alex began to scramble to his feet… But then, the door in the back opened, and the lady from before returned with a few syringes and cotton balls. He sat right back down and whimpered as his waistband dug into his bladder, prompting a few more leaky spurts.

“Hey,” the lady said. “Ready?”

“Almost, my friend just REALLY needs to go to the restroom first,” Adam explained.

“This will be over in just a few minutes,” the lady said.

Alex kept squirming up a storm in his chair. His legs actually managed to end up double-crossed. One knee went over the other, and his ankles twisted against one another.

“He’s also super nervous,” Adam said. “He’s never gotten a shot before.”

“Oh,” the lady said. “Well, it’s not a big deal. I won’t lie and say it isn’t gonna hurt, but it’s not bad. Which hand do you write with?”

“R-Right," Alex managed to squeak out. “C—Could I go to the bathroom first?”

“I’m sorry,” she said. “We have a tight schedule, but I promise it will only be a second. I’ll be fast, you aren’t the first person to get an upset stomach from the nerves.”

Alex wanted to say that it was his bladder that was demanding release, not his intestines; But, then he’d have to explain the whole cup mix-up and he definitely didn’t want to do that. The woman rolled up the sleeve on Alex’s left arm and began patting it down in one place with the cotton ball.

Alex kept bouncing in his seat. Would it really upset their schedule that much if he ran off and relieved himself for a couple minutes? “I really, really gotta—“

“Just a second,” she interrupted. “I’m very sorry. I’m not meaning to torture you.” She reached for the needle. “Now, you’re gonna feel a small pinch.”

When the needle punctured his skin, Alex did feel a pinch. He felt two pinches, actually. One in his arm, and one a lot lower. His sphincters were failing him, and pee was beginning to hiss into his clothes. Whimpering, he shoved a hand against himself, pleading for the flow to stop.

“All set,” the woman said after a moment. She stepped over to Adam. “Your turn.”

Alex barely managed to force himself onto his feet, he could feel liquid beginning to run down between his thighs. He forced himself forward one step at a time, forced himself toward the restroom door and barreled through it. He didn’t have time to lock it, nor did he have time to fight with the button and zip of his shorts. Thankfully, they were so loose he could just tug them down. With barely enough time to ensure the cup of his prosthetic was properly positioned, a stream of liquid began to gush into the toilet bowl in front of him.

He couldn’t control his flow at all, and felt the prosthetic getting dangerously full beneath him, and a few rivulets snaking down his legs as a result. He told himself that was okay, his clothes were bunched up around his ankles, so he wasn’t wetting them. Once he was able to restrain himself that extra little bit, allow his bladder to drain but not to drain so ferociously that it overflowed his prosthetic, he relaxed more. “Ahhhhhhhhhh…”

He felt silly, peeing half-naked after getting so catastrophically desperate, all because of a ridiculous misunderstanding. But, he felt about twenty times more relief than he felt silliness. He didn’t have to fight his desperation any longer, he could just give in and let his body drain away for as long as it wanted.

And, it seemed it was gonna want to do that for a very, very, very long time. He actually sort of started to feel the swelling in his midsection go down after about a minute, and it wasn’t until another full minute passed that he began to merely dribble rather than gush. A few more seconds of that, and he was done. He sighed loudly, the sound more or less echoing off the walls. That was better!

He pulled his pants back up, washed his hands, and left to find Adam. “I’m sorry,” Adam said once they were reunited.

Alex looked confused, “What for?”

“I should have made sure you knew EXACTLY what to expect,” Adam said. “If I’d known you thought it was gonna be necessary to hold it like that, I would have said something.”

“It’s okay, I should have asked you more questions when I got confused,” Alex said. “I just… I don’t like seeming like an idiot.”

“You’re not an idiot,” Adam promised. “Just… Where you grew up; It didn’t prepare you at all for the world, and that’s not your fault.”

“I know, but… I feel dumb all the time,” Alex said.

“You shouldn’t…” Adam hugged him. “Made it okay?”

“Yeah,” Alex said. “I overflowed my… my thing a little. I tried to go slow like you said to, but I just…”

“Yeah, it’s not so easy to do that when you’re bursting,” Adam said. “But, that’s alright, your clothes still look dry.”

Adam could tell Alex was still beating himself up over what had happened earlier, and thought he had something that may put him in better spirits. That night, he surprised Alex with two new prosthetics. These were different from the STPs they wore each day, and were meant for use in bed.

Both of them loved spending the night together, but sexual activity had been difficult. They could kiss one another all over, and slip their hands down each other’s pants, but when they tried to go further, it started to feel wrong and disjointed and like they were coming away from their own bodies, instead of melding both of their bodies together.

These prosthetics were called Pack and Plays, and were meant to help with that. A vibrator could be inserted inside the sheath, and a soft, textured piece of silicone could be added to the tip of the vibrator for added stimulation. Adam had tried his out already and could attest to how amazing the head attachment felt, especially with the vibrator turned on. And, the prosthetic looked so real that even with the lights on, he felt like he was just like any other guy stroking himself. And it even had a reservoir he could fill up with lube or water, so when he orgasmed he could squeeze down on it and actually feel like he was spurting cum.

Adam had only gotten himself off with the prosthetic once, just to make sure it actually felt as good as the website he’d bought it from claimed. He wanted the next time to be with Alex. “But, if you aren’t ready,” Adam said. “I can wait, I won’t make you do something you’re not comfortable with.”

Alex nodded. He thought he WAS ready. He wanted to know what it felt like to have Adam, and for Adam to have him, with none of the dissociation and discomfort that their birth anatomy caused them. Hearing Adam describe how he’d climaxed made Alex’s heart pound and caused heat to flood down, down through his body. He’d felt that build up of tingling warmth between his legs a few times during other nights he and Adam had touched each other, and sometimes when watching Adam shower, but it had never really… Gone anywhere. It would build and build and grow more intense, like an itch he was just dying to scratch, but then when it came time to lean into those feelings, they would fizzle out. Like an intense fire having an enormous bucket of cold water dumped on it.

Maybe, this was what Alex needed to not lose that feeling, and to finally learn what lay on the other side of it. “I am ready,” he said.

So, they tried it. It was uncomfortable for both of them to need to take off their STPs and switch to the pack and play, some of the mood was killed by the necessity to pause and do this, not to mention the dissociation it took to acknowledge that their genitalia was, in fact, detachable.

“You’re sure you’re ready?” Adam asked.

Alex nodded, heart thrumming in his ears. Adam looked… Wow. There was no other way to describe it. He had shed all of his clothing, and Alex was taking him all in. The hair on his chest and trailing down his stomach. The small scars beneath his nipples that made Alex think of him as a brave warrior that had triumphed so greatly. How firm his legs were… And now, between his legs, he sported a stiff cock that Alex now had the urge to put his lips around— And had he really just thought that?! He’d never had such… lewd thoughts before… But, there they were.

The sight of Adam and the direction of his thoughts had made the heat between Alex’s legs intensify. His body was crying for attention and touches. He shimmied his hips, rocking forward and back on them and— Ohhhh, the head attachment on the vibrator that was poking into his body felt so, so good, even with the vibrator itself still off. Alex’s back arched as he felt the ribbed edges of the attachment stroking gently against his most sensitive parts. “Mmmm—!”

Adam laughed, his own body starting to catch flame. “I haven’t even touched you yet and you’re already moaning?”

“Touch me!” Alex begged. He wanted Adam to take control of him, to rub this magical, wonderful thing against him until… Until… Until whatever happened finally happened.

“I will, I will,” Adam climbed into bed beside Alex. Alex had left his shirt on, understandably, his binder still zipped as well. Adam reminded himself not to touch too high up on Alex’s body, no matter how into this he found himself getting. Alex wouldn’t want Adam’s hand to brush against the wrong thing and bring him out of the moment. He noticed Alex was rocking forward and back and knew he must have been experiencing the pleasure of the ribbed attachment. “Want to feel even better?”

Alex already didn’t think he’d ever felt anything as good as this. And now it could get even better? He nodded, and Adam reached to squeeze lightly on Alex’s prosthetic, turning the vibrator on as it emitted a quiet buzz.

“Ohhhhhhh….” Alex moaned. He didn’t need to rock anymore for the prosthetic to stimulate him, but after a moment he couldn’t help it and did it anyway, wanting more and more.

Adam stroked his hand up and down Alex’s shaft, “Let me know if I do anything wrong,” he said.

“Mmmm, more, Adam…” Alex murmured. Adam’s motions were adding to the stimulation Alex already felt, making it more intense than ever. The thought that Adam was really rubbing his cock right now, that Alex HAD a cock that COULD be rubbed, only made it that much better. “Oooohhh…”

‘Wow, he’s loud,” Adam thought. But, he didn’t mind. He liked loud. He liked knowing that this made Alex feel good. Adam got his own vibrator started and began to pump his own cock with his other hand, the sight and sound of Alex’s pleasure making Adam’s arousal almost painfully intense.

Alex moaned continuously, he’d had no idea it was even possible for something to feel this good, to feel this right. His body was in ecstasy, and his mind was at such complete ease… He didn’t think he’d ever felt this comfortable inside his own skin. He and Adam were doing it, they were touching each other, making one another feel good, and not one part of it felt wrong or off or out of place. It was all right. All completely, totally right. The desperate, needy bucking of his hips never stopped, his moans turned into grunts and low squeals of pleasure.

He was very, very close to something. He could feel it. A peak? Would it somehow get even better? Alex had no idea. He just knew that he liked this, and the feeling wasn’t fizzling out this time, it was doing the exact opposite. How far could it go? He wanted to know, he had to know. “Mnnnn, Adam…” He murmured, panting and gasping.

And then his thoughts suddenly became clouded and disjointed, his hips bucked so hard the bed began to squeak. The burning fire rose up, and—

“Ooooh…. Oh, God! Adam! God!” The cry Alex let out trailed off into the air. A flurry of fluids drenched the sheets beneath him. For a moment, he grinded so roughly he thought he might turn to dust. But, almost as suddenly as it had began, the feeling started to fade.

Adam was momentarily so stunned that Alex had actually just taken The Lord’s name in vain that he didn’t realize that he’d just managed to give his boyfriend what was almost certainly his first orgasm. When that finally did register, he increased the speed at which he was pumping his own cock, until breathlessly, Alex brushed Adam’s hand away and began to stroke him himself. “I… I want… You have to feel that…” he panted out, still trying to catch his breath. “Made me… Feel so good… You need to feel it…” He babbled on and on, barely making sense, but even so his words were having a profound effect on Adam.

The litany of gasping, choked praise mixed with the physical sensation of Alex stimulating him, quickly brought Adam over the edge. He wasn’t as loud as Alex when he climaxed, but he was wracked with intense shakes and shivers that made him feel like he was falling deep into the bed.

Then they both just laid there, breathing heavily.

Finally, Alex got ahold of himself enough to speak. “So… So… That’s… What all the fuss is about?”

Adam, managed a laugh through his gasps. “Yeah, that’s it.”

“I… I liked that,” Alex said. “A lot. I… don’t think I would have with someone else. Is that normal?”

“It’s good,” Adam said. “I wouldn’t have liked that as much with someone else either. That means that we both just did this with a person that we really love. And that’s the most important part.”
