Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*010*2022-02-12 17:50

Adam was glad his Dad worked in the medical field. It meant that Adam knew that, no matter how he may have felt, he could not actually explode from needing to pee really badly. Then again, he would have learned that by now even if his Dad wasn’t a doctor; Because, if it was possible for someone to need to pee so bad that they exploded, Adam would have already done that an hour ago.

He was astounded he was still holding on. Doubtless, he should have flooded his pants ages ago. And they’d deserve it, too. It was their fault that he had to go so badly to begin with!

He’d gotten these awesome new Tripp pants with chains, rings and extra zippers all over them. He’d tried a pair on a few weeks ago at the mall just to see what they were like, and he’d never forget the way Alex stared, his mouth partially open as his cheeks reddened. Obviously, Alex liked the way they looked a lot…

So, Adam had ordered a pair online, and had put them on today while Alex was off with his Mom and younger siblings. Adam had been excited to see Alex’s reaction when he came home and saw him wearing them…

But, now Alex was going to come home and find Adam wearing them while drenched in pee. Because, the most important zipper on them just refused to budge.

Even though he was home alone, Adam felt embarrassed by how much dancing he was doing. Every time he shifted his weight, crossed his legs or jumped in place, the chains on the pants would rattle noisily. It was like they were mocking him. It was bad enough that they’d prevented him from having a piss, now they were gonna make fun of him about it too.

“Oh my God…” Adam groaned, doubling over on himself. “I need to peeeeeee!” The phrase felt like an understatement to him. ‘I need to pee’ did not even do the surging, agonizing frenzy in his bladder justice. He didn’t think there existed a phrase in the English language that could adequately describe the sheer scope of his need.

He’d tried a few things to get the zipper down. He’d tried to force it apart with nail clippers. That didn’t work. He’d tried to rub vaseline on it as a lubricant. That didn’t work. He’d tried to yank it down using all his strength and brute force. That didn’t work.

Finally, he’d tried the thing that Alex always did when he was stuck and needed help out of a jam. He prayed and begged God to send to him a miracle.

Apparently, God only listened to Alex.

So, that was why Adam was going to piss his new pants the very first time he’d ever worn them. His surprise for Alex was going to be ruined. And, despite all medical consensus on the matter, he probably really was actually going to explode.

He wasn’t even sure why he was still bothering to hold it. It was a foregone conclusion that he was going to have an accident. All he was doing was prolonging the inevitable and putting himself through unnecessary agony trying to force his pee to stay inside his body. He’d never had to go this bad in his entire life, and he’d been desperate lots of times before. It felt like he had to piss even more than he had a few weeks ago when he’d had an accident in the car!

The worst part was that the door to the restroom was visible. The room he’d emptied his bladder in tons and tons of times was right there, and it just couldn’t understand why he hadn’t brought it there yet. The view of the door was toying with his bladder, making it lurch and scream out of control. His legs were crossed so tightly together he felt his feet going numb from the lack of blood flow. He doubled over like he was suffering the most intense food poisoning of his life. “I can’t hold it…” he winced out. “I can’t hold it… I can’t hold it…”

But, still, he did hold it. Even when he knew that wetting himself was inevitable, consciously telling himself to just get it over with wasn’t easy. As much as his bladder wanted release, it still understood that he wasn’t supposed to do it in his clothes. He’d had countless leaks over the last hour, but the full-blown gush he needed to let out still wouldn’t come.

He heard the front door opening and cringed. He really wished he’d managed to soak himself before Alex had gotten home… He didn’t want to do it in front of him.

He heard the door shutting and Alex walking into the room. He got to see Alex’s reaction alright… But, it wasn’t the blushing, drooling “Oh, gosh, you got those pants… You look so good…” reaction that Adam had wanted.

Instead, Alex had only noticed the pain and suffering on his face and the way he was curled over on himself in clear anguish. He rushed over in concern. “Oh my goodness, Adam! Are you okay?”

“I need to pee!” Adam cried out, which again was a shocking understatement.

Alex stared at him in confusion. “Then pee?”

“The zipper is stuck!” Adam said urgently. “I can’t get it down, and I have to go so bad, and I’m gonna piss my pants if I don’t—“

“Oh,” Alex said. Ordinarily, he would have scolded Adam for the use of the word ‘piss’, but not today. Not right now. Not when his boyfriend was so miserable. “Let me try.”

Adam turned to Alex, removing his hands from between his thighs— He hadn’t even noticed himself putting them there! “Please…” He begged.

“It’s okay,” Alex said. “I’ll help. And… If you… If you can’t wait, that’s okay too.”

Adam whimpered. He really hoped he could wait… He didn’t want to pee himself in front of Alex. He didn’t want to pee himself while Alex’s hands were over his crotch and bound to get wet.

Alex knelt down, then looked over the zipper, frowning. “Hmmm… I don’t… Oh!” He stood abruptly and ran off.

Adam’s hands went back between his legs as he jumped up and down. “I thought you were gonna help!”

“I am, I just gotta get something,” Alex said. He returned quickly, holding a pencil.

Adam was confused, then Alex began rubbing the pencil lead over the zipper. After a few seconds of that…

Adam had a passion for music. He loved rock bands, he loved power ballads, he loved every kind of music.

But, the most beautiful sound he’d ever heard was that of the zipper finally, finally coming down.

The worst sound that he’d ever heard was the hissing that immediately followed it.

The minute he’d registered that his zipper was down, his bladder had decided that enough was enough and proceeded to dump out all of its contents right then and there. Adam jumped in place, grinding his thighs together and mentally screaming at himself to run to the restroom, to at least get SOME of it into the toilet, but he couldn’t move. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t do anything other than just continue to pee.

He’d never felt anything like this before. He was completely out of control. No matter how hard he tried to tighten his muscles back up, his stream just kept gushing with uncontainable fervor. It cascaded down his legs in wide rivulets, soaking the pants completely and making the material cling to his skin.

Finally, he realized how good it felt. It shouldn’t have felt good; He was having a total accident in front of his boyfriend and ruining his brand new pants. But, he’d been in so much pain for so long, having it all flow away little by little, having his straining, bloated bladder gradually ease back down to its proper size… It felt really, really good. It felt good enough that he groaned, even as a furious blush spread across his face. “Ohhh…”

Alex had stepped back as soon as Adam had lost control over his bladder. He didn’t want to leave the room, certain Adam was going to need to be comforted after this, but he didn’t know where to look. He felt it awful rude to stand there and stare as his partner peed his pants, but he couldn’t look away. As the hissing continued and the puddle at Adam’s feet spread further and further, Alex’s chest started to hurt. Poor Adam must have been in agony holding so much.

It took almost two minutes for Adam’s flow to stop, and then he just hunched over and tried to catch his breath. “Oh my God…” he whimpered as buckets of shame fell onto his shoulders, weighing him down.

Alex came to his side. Normally, he would tell Adam not to take the Lord’s name in vain, but this time it was more than understandable. “Adam, it’s okay…” he said, remembering things he’d told his younger siblings after they’d wet themselves. “You just had to go. Accidents happen.”

“I wanted to surprise you with the pants,” Adam said.

‘You kinda did,’ Alex thought, but knew that wasn’t the right thing to say. “I do like them,” he said. “They can be washed, they’re black so they won’t stain very easily. Everything’s okay, we just have to clean up.”

Adam finally looked up, “I’m sorry,” he said.

“It’s okay,” Alex repeated. “This isn’t your fault. You didn’t have any way to go, it had to come out.” He hugged Adam, not caring that he was still wet. “Don’t feel bad…”

“Thank you,” Adam said.
