Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*021*2022-05-10 22:42

Alex had been taking testosterone for quite a while now. He liked all of the changes so far. His voice was much deeper and smoother without him needing to make a conscious effort to lower it. He had hair on his chest and stomach, and he liked the way that looked and felt. He no longer got a period, and he was very thankful for that. He had a little bit of stubble on his face now, which he wished would grow faster.

 After a while though, Alex started to experience a different kind of change. He HAD been told that it could happen by his doctor and by Adam, but it was still a very new feeling for him. He liked being touched by Adam a lot, and he enjoyed all the times they’d fooled around with each other. But, he’d never been… Distracted by WANTING that at all hours of the day.

Adam had said that a while after HE’D begun testosterone, there was an ‘increase’ in the frequency of certain… urges. “It’s like you’re going through puberty again,” Adam had explained. But, Alex couldn’t recall feeling quite so ‘amorous’ the first time around.

At his old home, one of the reasons Papa insisted on timing everyone in the restroom was to make them avoid ‘temptation’. Back then, Alex hadn’t even really known what he was supposed to be ‘tempted’ to do in there. After he’d met Adam and had gotten to know him, Alex did start to fantasize about Adam holding him and touching him— Sometimes underneath his clothes. Then Alex knew what the ‘temptation’ was, and he told himself it was wrong to think about such things, and it was definitely wrong that when he was in the shower, he started to enjoy touching his body and pretending it was actually Adam doing it.

He’d never actually touched any of his most sensitive areas back then, he’d felt so disconnected from those body parts that there was no desire to. Still, he’d rub his butt or stomach and imagine to himself that his hands were really Adam’s. One night, he overstayed his time limit and Papa busted into the room. He’d barely managed to throw his hands back up into his hair in time. He only gave into the touching ‘temptation’ about once a week back then.

Now though, Alex had ways to explore his body that didn’t require playing with the parts of it that felt wrong to him. And he was ‘tempted’ all of the freaking time. In the shower, if Adam wasn’t with him, he’d tweak the nipples of his now flat chest and pretend Adam WAS there. When they were out doing things together, a glance from Adam or the feeling of his hand in his own made heat ripple through Alex’s body as he wished they were back home in bed.

Alex wanted Adam every night. But, he didn’t say anything. He was worried Adam would grow exhausted of fooling around if he did it every time Alex wanted it right now. Alex would wait until Adam asked HIM if he wanted to have some fun, and then give an enthusiastic “Yes, please!” But, that only happened once a week, and with Alex’s sudden burst of friskiness, that wasn’t often enough.

He wanted it more, but he was nervous about making Adam feel pressured or something. He’d never try to talk Adam into doing it if he wasn’t in the mood, and if Adam was only in the mood once a week, then that was that.

Alex tried to savor each week’s fun time, tried to keep himself from cumming too soon, but Adam was SO ridiculously good that Alex never lasted long.

One night, after they’d finished and Alex was trying to catch his breath, Adam said “You know, it could be fun if you took the initiative sometime, too. I mean, you don’t have to if you don’t like to, of course.”

Alex had mulled that over all the next day. So, Adam DID want him to bring it up on his own sometimes… That night, Alex was again filled with need. He and Adam had showered together again, and watching the water gliding down Adam’s body had gotten Alex so worked up that his body was screaming for attention. “Um… Adam?” he asked. “Uh… I’d… Um… I want… Can… Can we touch each other some tonight, please?”

Adam looked at Alex’s pink face and wide eyes, looked at the way his lip was caught between his teeth as he stammered out his request. He was absolutely, irresistibly cute. And Adam was overjoyed to see Alex be the one to initiate.

“If— If you don’t wanna, that’s fine!” Alex added. “I know we just did it last night…”

“Alex, I would love to do it again tonight,” Adam said. “I’m glad you asked.”

Alex kept chewing on his lip, even more heat building inside him now that he knew what was about to happen. “I’ve been… Wanting you all the time lately.”

Adam felt warmth bead through his own body at that. He would be honored to oblige.

The next night, Alex again timidly turned to him. “Um… Tonight too, maybe? Only if you want to…”

And again, Adam took care of him.

Alex’s body was changing in other ways, he had a little bit of growth downstairs, his clitoris now resembling a small penis. When Alex was turned on enough, Adam could suck on it, an action that always got Alex moaning. He was more sensitive down there than ever before, and everything Adam did got him twitching and shaking and gasping.

Alex really DID want Adam every night, and he began to grow more bold about it. He stuttered less when he asked Adam if he was in the mood, “Did you want to do it again tonight?” and Adam was happy he was now more confident. And he NEVER grew tired of Alex’s moaning, or of the way his eyes would roll back in his head as he finished. The vibrating prosthetics Adam had bought began to devour every battery they owned.

Every time, after they’d both climaxed, Alex would nuzzle into Adam, thanking him over and over again for making him feel so good. One night, after they’d finished, Alex got a little nervous again. “Is it bad I want this so often now?”

“Nah,” Adam promised. “It’s normal. I told you before, you’re pretty much going through puberty again. Lots of guys get really horny during puberty, it’s perfectly normal. Just, for you it’s happening when you’re an adult instead of a teenager.”

“Papa said giving into ‘temptations’ is bad,” Alex said.

“It’s not hurting anyone,” Adam said. “It’s healthy and natural to explore your body, don’t worry about what your dad said. He never knew what he was talking about. He just liked controlling people, even when it came to things that are supposed to be private.”

“I’m not bothering you?” Alex asked.

“No way,” Adam said. “I always have fun. I’ve been looking forward to it every day,” he added with a smile.

Alex blushed, somewhat embarrassed that Adam now knew to just expect him to be feeling frisky each night. “I love you, Adam…” Alex said.

“I love you too, sweet thing,” Adam replied, kissing him tiredly.

Alex cuddled closer and the two drifted off.

***

When they woke the next morning, they did so with PAINFULLY full bladders. That was one thing about their new nightly escapades, they sometimes fell asleep so fast afterwards that they forgot to pee first. They’d always pay for it in the morning, but this particular morning was worse than ever.

Adam sat up, his squirming, overly full boyfriend still in his arms. He would have loved to cuddle a bit before getting up, but judging by how his bladder felt right now, if he did THAT they’d be resting in a lake in a couple minutes. He was so desperate it didn’t even register to him that Alex’s bouncing and fidgeting meant he was feeling the same way. “Alex, I’m sorry, I’m about to—“

“Adam, I need the bathroom SO bad,” Alex interrupted. WHY did he have to forget to go again last night!? Heck, Adam had even told him a few times that it was really, really IMPORTANT to always go pee after sexual activity. Yet, BOTH of them forgot so often! Alex didn’t even know if he could make it to the toilet now. Just the idea of getting to his feet and walking all the way there made him shudder. “Ah… Can’t hold it…” he whimpered, breaking out of Adam’s grasp and flinging his hands between his legs.

Adam set his feet down on the floor as gently as he could, but even that minuscule bit of impact made his urine pound viciously against the walls of its crumbling prison. “Nnnnhhh!!” he crossed his legs together so tight it was painful. The bathroom was right down the hall. Not far at all. But, it felt like he was going to have to traverse an entire mountain to reach it. He was shocked he hadn’t woken up at any point during the night to go, surely his bladder must have been searing away for hours if it was hurting him THIS badly now.

As he hobbled around the bed, he saw Alex still had not managed to get out of it. He was just rocking back and forth, sitting on his hands, eyes squeezed shut.

“C—Come on, Alex,” Adam said. “You need to get to the toilet.”

“I can’t move!” Alex cried. “I’ll pee!”

Was Adam gonna have to carry him again? He could NOT do that in this condition. Exerting himself in any way, using any muscles that weren’t connected to his bladder, placing energy onto anything that wasn’t related to holding it… He’d piss. He COULD just go to the restroom, release what he was restraining, then come back and help Alex… But, the apartment was small. Alex would likely be able to hear his stream. And if he overheard Adam’s hissing spray, then it would be all over for sure. Adam spun around, searching for a container Alex could use in bed, but his desperate, piss-clouded brain couldn’t find anything through the hazy fog of his own desperation.

“It’s a real short walk, you know that,” Adam said. “You can do it!” He tried to sound confident and encouraging, like he was cheering Alex on to win a tough race against fierce competition. In a way, he was. Alex was now trying to win a very, VERY intense race, just one that was against his bladder instead of against other people. “You can make it!”

Alex struggled out of bed, his body crumpling and curling over on itself. Alex was still only in his boxer shorts after last night’s activities, and Adam could see the firm, round curve of his bladder protruding just beneath the waistband. Alex’s eyes remained pinched shut, to him it felt like the gravity in the room had been turned up a few notches. It felt like an enormous weight was pressing down on him, trying to mash him against the floor. He tried to say something to Adam, but all he could manage were a few whimpering groans as he took the tiniest steps of his life in the direction of the restroom.

The restroom was too far from the bedroom, Adam decided as he limped after Alex. Instead of down the hall a few steps, it should have been directly across! Or, better yet, there should have been a toilet beside the bed, one that could easily be used without even having to get up. Whoever designed this apartment building was surely an idiot, they should have known that thirty steps were way too many to take with a full bladder!

Alex made it to the door first, but was unable to take his hands away from his groin to actually open it. He had to wait for Adam, who arrived just a couple seconds later. Jiggling up and down and taking small puffs of air, Adam turned the doorknob and—

It wouldn’t move.

Adam felt a horrific twisting taking place inside his body. His stomach contorted itself into knots, and felt as if it was wrapping itself around his bladder to squeeze the life— not to mention a whole lot of pee— right out of it.

When they’d moved into the apartment, they’d been warned that the doorknobs got jammed a lot. They hadn’t actually ever HAD a problem, so Adam had mostly forgotten about the warning. Now that it had finally happened— and to what was obviously the most important door here— it all came rushing back.   “Adam!” Alex cried, his thighs clenching around the hands still straining between them. “Hurry! I’m gonna—“

“The door is stuck,” Adam mumbled, miserable.

Alex almost felt tears pricking in the corners of his eyes. “Nah—No,” he said. “I— Make it unstuck!” he begged. Adam HAD to fix it! Adam fixed everything! Adam always took care of Alex! Adam always made sure he had what he needed and was safe, happy and comfortable!

Adam pressed himself against the door, turned the knob as hard as he could. But, nothing. It wouldn’t budge. He saw the panic and need in Alex’s eyes, the way his pupils grew large, magnified behind pained tears. He wanted to get Alex in front of a toilet even more than he wanted to be using one himself. “I— I can’t…It won’t.”

Alex chewed on his lip, his panic was building now that it turned out Adam didn’t actually have a solution for him. He was supposed to ALWAYS have the answer! Maybe Alex should… ‘God?’ he thought, shutting his eyes once more. ‘I know this is a really, REALLY weird thing to pray to You about, and I’m super sorry that this is the second time I’ve done it, but… Um… I… I need to ‘go’ really, really bad. Could You fix the door or do something else so that I can? Please?’

Adam watched Alex go suddenly quiet with his head bowed. Was he… Asking God for somewhere to pee? If Adam were in a better mood, he might have been able to muster up a smile for how weirdly cute that was, but Adam was definitely NOT in a smiling mood right now. He tried the door one last time, once more finding it unmovable. “Ugh, I wish we had a backyard,” he groaned.

Alex had begun to pace in place. He could feel pee right at the edge of his opening, could feel the warmth as a drop squirted out of him. “Th—That’s a weird thing to bring up n—“

“If we had a backyard, we’d have trees and bushes and a big fence for privacy,” Adam said.

“Oh,” Alex understood now. And HE really wished they had a backyard too! This wouldn’t even BE a problem if they could just dash outside and spray against a tree… Maybe there was somewhere they could go HERE besides the restroom? There was a sink in the kitchen… But, yuck! They washed vegetables in there! Of course they’d clean the sink out after they’d finished, but still… Probably best to save THAT as the last resort.

They had reusable water bottles, but again…Ewww. And those bottles were all full now, sitting in the fridge. They’d have to pour the water out first. They’d have to listen to it splash down the drain, struggling to hold it as the sound taunted them ferociously… Not to mention, Adam probably wouldn’t want to waste the water like that.

There was a small potted plant in the living room… Yeah, that worked! They could just skip watering it today and do THIS instead, right? “Uh—Ummm…” Alex stuttered. He understood that it was okay to go on plants that were outside if there weren’t any bathrooms and he couldn’t hold it, but he was positive that rule didn’t apply to indoor plants. He reminded himself that it was THEIR plant, and so nobody would get mad and punish them for using it to get relief. He tried again to ask. “I— Uh— The plant?” He hoped Adam would understand what he was asking without him needing to spell it out, he was so filled with shame that he’d even thought of it.

Adam’s eyes snapped over to Alex. The plant, yes! God, it would feel so good to stumble over to it right now, yank his cock out and give it the watering of its life! He felt like he could FLOOD that pot right now, and Alex probably could too, and… Wait. “Th—That’s a good idea, sweet thing,” he said. “B—But, uh… If you give a plant too much water at once, it gets sick. And, since what we’d be giving it wouldn’t even really be WATER exactly…”

Alex nodded. He was disappointed, but he knew Adam loved the plant, and would be devastated if they killed it because they’d been too out of their minds with desperation to think clearly. Alex felt another spurt of his pee slip out, and now he was embarrassed to be standing there in just his underpants losing control. The growing damp spot on his boxers was clearly visible, and when he felt a trickle begin to roll down his leg, he was sure that was easy to spot too. “I… I really, really can’t hold it,” Alex said.

Adam too had been trying to think of somewhere else they could pee. Just like Alex, he’d considered the sink and the water bottles, but had written them off as being too unhygienic. He’d thought about finding the bag of chips they’d finished yesterday and ‘recycling’ it, but was pretty sure that their piss would leak straight through it. He thought about something else, and then he felt like a total idiot; The most obvious answer had been there all along.

“Alex, go put some clothes on,” Adam said.

As embarrassed as Alex was to be peeing on himself while nearly naked, he didn’t understand why Adam would want him to put on more. All that would accomplish would be ensuring they had to do even more laundry.

“Just, anything,” Adam reiterated. “We’re just gonna go ask to use a neighbor’s restroom, and I’m sure you don’t wanna do that in your underwear.”

Alex’s face turned even more red, and he hurried back into the bedroom to get himself dressed. Putting his clothes on proved to be a very, very difficult task. The shirt was easy enough, but when the material kept lightly brushing against his distended bladder, it made him wince and squirm. His shorts were much, much harder. Lifting his legs to step into them sent bolts of pressure right into his midsection. His poor, bloated bladder already felt like it was being pressed on enough in just his boxers, the addition of another waistband constricting around it ached fiercely.

The worst, however, was when he zipped his shorts up. The noise of the zipper being moved— the sound that he so often heard seconds before he began to pee— was like someone blowing a whistle at his bladder at the start of a race, prompting it to start going! And that was what it did, a strong stream jetted out of him and he had to ram his hands back against himself immediately to put a stop to it. Plugging up his leak wasn’t working out too well, and he felt his palms beginning to grow damp. Panicked, he scurried from the bedroom, babbling to Adam that they had to HURRY.

Adam hadn’t needed to be told that, he knew they were both barely holding back and only had a handful of minutes left before they erupted. Cringing, he wrenched one hand away from his crotch and gripped Alex’s wrist in it, helping him outside.

It wasn’t until they were out there, faced with the long row of doors belonging to other people, that Alex began to get nervous. Neither he nor Adam really knew many of their neighbors that well. Alex was going to feel so ashamed going up to someone that was practically a stranger and begging them for a toilet, pee-dancing the entire time!

He knew Adam would have to be the one to say everything. Alex always locked up when he had to talk to strangers. It became very hard to find his voice. It became very hard to even remember what words were! He felt bad whenever Adam had to do the talking for him, and he’d feel worse this time since what they had to say was so embarrassing!

Alex followed Adam to the next apartment over, where Adam released his wrist to knock on the door. Then they both waited.

And waited.

Jiggling out of control, crossing their legs back and forth as their toes tapped in all directions across the floor, they eventually realized no one was home there. Adam tried the next door, and was relieved when someone answered right away. He was a little less relieved when he got a look at the person. It was a bald man with a severely irritated look on his face. He didn’t look very friendly… But, first impressions could be deceiving, Adam knew. He hadn’t thought Alex would be such a loving, caring, wonderful person at first, after all.

“What do you want?” the man grouched. “I’m trying to sleep.”

Adam looked down at himself, and at Alex. He thought it was pretty obvious what they needed right now… They were contorting, bouncing and holding themselves. He wouldn’t be surprised if they were so full of piss that the guy could actually hear it sloshing around their bodies. “I’m really sorry to bother you,” Adam said. “Th—The door to our bathroom is stuck, and we need to—“

“Not my problem,” the man replied, and then he slammed the door shut so fast Adam could hardly believe it had ever been open at all.

Alex moaned loudly when he saw the door he’d hoped would grant him relief close. He’d been taunted WAY too much this morning. First, he’d been positive he was going to make it and pee in his own bathroom, only to have that snatched away at the last second. And now this, too! His bladder was absolutely furious, and sent a long, loud spurt of piss into his boxers as if to scold him for teasing it so much.

Adam’s head snapped over to Alex when he heard the hissing sound, eyes darting down to the crotch of his shorts. A dark patch was clearly visible there, even with Alex’s hands in the way. When he looked up into his boyfriend’s eyes, they were brimming with tears. “H—Hey, well… The Bible says you’re supposed to love thy neighbor, right? So, I bet if you tell God about that guy next time you pray, something bad will happen to him.”

Alex attempted to smile. He knew Adam was trying to make him feel a little better. “I can’t ask God to hurt somebody,” he said.

“I didn’t say you were supposed to ask God to hurt the dude, just tell Him what happened and let Him work it out,” Adam said. “If God just decides to give him a winning lottery ticket that immediately gets stolen away by a pigeon, never to be seen again, who are we to question Him?”

Alex managed to laugh, but it quickly turned into a moan as his swollen bladder leaked once again. “Adam, I can’t hold it…”

Adam couldn’t hold it much longer either. But, now they’d tried both the other apartments on their floor. To keep looking, they were going to have to go down the stairs… “I… I can’t carry you on the stairs this time,” he said apologetically. “I’m real sorry, but if I do that, I’m gonna—“

“I understand,” Alex winced. He didn’t want to cause Adam to have an accident trying to help him. And, he knew, if Adam flooded himself, the sound of his pee hissing and splattering would make Alex explode as well. “I… I can…” Alex stumbled over to the stairs and looked down them. There weren’t that many to get to the floor below, but to Alex it looked like he was staring down an enormous tower. They twisted and turned in his vision, his need for the toilet growing so intense it was making him dizzy. “I can do it…”

He tore a hand away from his groin and gripped it around the handrail in an attempt to steady himself. He looked back and saw Adam was following him now, so he started to move. He’d gone UP these stairs while having an emergency multiple times, and was pleasantly surprised that going DOWN them with a full bladder was a little bit easier. Pee was still spurting from him at irregular intervals, and the hand still stuck between his legs grew wet and clammy, but he tried to focus on just reaching each new step, and on the hope he’d manage to get at least MOST of his urine into an appropriate receptacle soon.

Behind him, Adam was struggling. He’d had his first major leak of the morning after placing his foot down onto the first step, and several more had followed as he’d continued. He hadn’t gotten dizzy like Alex had, so both of his hands remained firmly against his crotch. It no longer felt like they were doing him any good, however. There was just so much piss stuck inside his body right now, much more than he could reasonably be expected to hold back. No amount of squeezing and squirming was going to increase the size of his bladder, allow it to contain a volume that was greater than itself. He was going to… He was going to…

They’d reached the next floor.

Adam had come too far to lose it now. And Alex was still holding on! If Adam gave in to his body’s incessant pleas now, if he allowed his bladder to burst and spray its contents down his legs, he knew that it would be like a chain reaction. Adam would lose it, he’d pee violently against the floor beneath his feet, urine splashing in all directions. It would feel so good that, even through his shame and humiliation, Adam would sigh. Alex would hear Adam’s ocean hissing away, would hear his gasp of relief… And it would be too much for him, his own bladder would break apart, unleash a torrent of liquid. Then, unlike Adam, Alex would NOT feel anything pleasurable from his release. He’d feel nothing but the humiliation, nothing but the failure. And he’d cry.

Adam had to keep holding it. He had to keep holding it because Alex NEEDED him to. Adam would do ANYTHING to keep Alex’s face from crumpling, to keep him from sobbing. He would do ANYTHING to keep Alex feeling happy and safe and loved. Even if it meant forcing his own body to go well beyond its natural limit.

Adam stood there, trying to get a hold of himself enough to walk forward. His feet dragged against the ground as he moved, he no longer had the strength to lift them up. ‘Hold it,’ he kept thinking to himself. ‘Hold it. Hold it.’ He made it to another door and stopped in front of it. He NEEDED for someone to be in there right now. He NEEDED for that person to be nice, or at least humane enough to take pity on him and his suffering boyfriend. He didn’t think even his newfound sense of determination would be enough to drag him to another door after this one.

He just had to knock on the door… But, he couldn’t! He couldn’t move his hands. Every time he tried, he started to go. Not leak or spurt, but GO. He’d been wrong, his hands WERE still helping! They were the ONLY things helping!

Alex shuffled beside him, he saw Adam’s trembling body and he knew right away why he hadn’t knocked on the door yet. Nervously, Alex did it for him.

A woman about their age answered it, and Alex felt more nervous than usual. People his own age made him more anxious than anyone else. Little kids were fine because they didn’t normally know enough to care if Alex didn’t know something or said something weird. Older people were fine because a lot of them seemed to take on a protective, parental role around him. He became so much more aware of how out of touch he was around people who had grown up during the same time he had, and so expected him to just… Know things.

“Hello?” the woman asked.

Adam tried to open his mouth, tried to explain the problem and ask for the restroom, but he couldn’t speak. He could barely even breathe without letting go more streams. And then, as he tried one more time, something new happened. He experienced a sensation that was completely and utterly foreign to him, and that made him nearly scream out loud.

His need to urinate no longer felt like it was contained just within his bladder. All of the sudden, it was like it was creeping upwards, aches and pains assailing his sides before an all-out eruption of painful, terrifying agony exploded within his lower back. He managed to bite down on the shout that threatened to spill from his throat, but he couldn’t hold back the frightened gasp as he wondered if, maybe, it actually was possible to need the toilet so badly that his bladder exploded. “Ah—!”

Alex saw Adam struggling to talk, struggling to force the words out through the weight of his bladder. This was the most desperate Alex had ever seen his boyfriend get. Even that time they’d both wet themselves in the car, even the time Adam’s zipper had gotten stuck and he hadn’t made it… Even then, Adam had at least been able to speak. Even then, his breathing wasn’t so labored. Alex’s heart clenched in his chest. His own need now taking a backseat to Adam’s. “M—Miss,” he began, very softly. “Um… S—Sorry to bother you. We live upstairs and the door to our bathroom is stuck. We… Have to… Go. Could we please, please use your toilet? I’m so sorry about this.”

That was… That was the most Alex had ever said to a stranger all at once before. Pride surged through him, until he felt even more full of accomplishment than he did of urine.

“Oh,” the woman said. “Yeah, sure. No problem. You poor guys look like you’re about to wet yourselves.”

“Thank you,” Alex said, without stuttering! He felt so confident all of the sudden. That confidence, he thought, that was what had caused his leaks to stop for the time being. “Adam, come on, hurry.”

Adam WAS dizzy now. The entire world had started to blur and fog over, he felt Alex grasp his wrist and begin to lead him, and he was grateful. He couldn’t see straight enough to walk to the toilet by himself anymore.

The apartments all had the same layout, so Alex found the restroom right away. He took Adam inside it with him, not even thinking about whether or not the woman would think it was weird that they were going in there together. “Almost there,” Alex encouraged. “Just a little more…” He wasn’t looking at the toilet, certain he’d burst upon seeing it. He was looking at Adam. He had to take care of Adam right now, had to make sure he was okay. “You can make it,” Alex said. He removed his other hand from between his legs, and with it gone his leaking resumed, but that didn’t matter anymore.

“Move your hands, just for a second,” Alex said.

Trembling, Adam did so. ‘Just go,’ he wanted to tell Alex. ‘Use the toilet now, you’re hurting yourself.’ His bladder throbbed with sick violence and released another shuddering stream, as if to say ‘Not as bad as YOU’RE hurting YOURself!’

Alex unzipped Adam’s shorts in one quick tug, his hands immediately darting to his own fly to do the same thing for himself as Adam quickly pulled out his prosthetic and scrambled in front of the toilet.

Adam’s bladder crunched in on itself at the sight, and a violent stream trickled into the water. It was painful to clamp it off, sending fiery bolts of pain through the tiny ring of muscle controlling his sphincters. But, he had to wait for Alex.

Alex was both overcome by the love Adam must have had for him to continue restraining his body for his sake, and overcome by panic at what damage Adam was surely doing to himself at this rate. He hurried to join Adam at the bowl, “Go!” he told his partner, using a firmer voice than he thought he ever had in his life.

Adam jumped at the harshness in his boyfriend’s tone, and his bladder lurched and failed. Adam… Exploded. There was no other word for it, pee was spraying from him so violently that he needed to lean very far forward to make sure it drained through his prosthetic quickly enough. “Ahhhhh….!!!” he moaned an ecstatic cry of relief, the fuzziness fading from his brain as he realized that yes, he was finally peeing.

Alex let go immediately after him, his stream flowing freely into the bowl. “Mmm…” he hummed happily to himself, his usual bout of shivering beginning almost immediately. “That’s better…”

Adam struggled to catch his breath, he still felt so dizzy from all the strain and tension he’d endured. That had been… He couldn’t even think of the proper words to describe what all of that was. He couldn’t really think of much of anything anymore. All he could comprehend was that peeing felt really, really, REALLY good right now.

Alex’s eyes slid over to Adam’s face, and he felt himself blush. He’d never seen his boyfriend so flushed before, had never seen his eyes glaze over like that, and the noises Adam was making, an echo of the ones he’d made the night before. Wow… He’d been so desperate to go that peeing felt THAT amazing to him? Poor Adam, he must have been in a lot of pain…

They finished up at about the same time, Alex with a monumental shiver that caused the last few drops of his pee to hit the rim of the bowl. He cleaned it up, of course. That woman had been so nice letting them use her toilet, he didn’t want to leave a mess for her.

He’d… Talked to that woman all by himself, he realized. He’d said several full and complete sentences to her, sentences that had to do with a rather embarrassing topic, at that! Alex’s smile, which had been present ever since he’d begun to relieve himself, grew. “Adam,” he said excitedly. “I said a lot of to a stranger all by myself!”

Adam, now leaning against the wall with a hand to his forehead as he waited for the room to stop spinning, opened his eyes. Alex was right, he HAD done that, hadn’t he? He’d communicated with someone he didn’t know at all, without Adam filling in any missing pieces. Adam had just been so overcome by the agonizing stretch in his belly to notice it as it had been happening. “You did!” he said finally, and he reached to hug Alex. “That was so brave of you! See, you really CAN talk to people on your own. You don’t have to be so worried…”

Alex squeezed him back, “I… I had to that time, you were REALLY—“

Adam interrupted with an embarrassed laugh, “Y—Yeah… I was seriously dying there… I’m still kinda sore, actually.”

Alex drew back, “You’re okay, right?”

Adam nodded, “I think so. I’ve never actually felt this way before, but I think it will go away.”

“I hope so,” Alex said, going to the sink and turning it on.

As they cleaned their hands, Adam turned to his boyfriend. “Um… Hey, when I was still holding it in… Um… You ever needed to go so bad that your back hurt? Like, really, REALLY bad?”

Alex thought about it. The night he’d been locked in his room and had needed to pee into a towel… His back had kind of started to ache right before he started letting it out, but it wasn’t the worst thing he’d ever felt; It hadn’t compared to the burn of Papa’s belt at all, that was for sure. “Well, once my back started to hurt a LITTLE bit, I guess… Is that what you mean?”

Adam shook his head. He was sure that, had Alex ever felt the scorching, world-ending pain Adam had endured a few minutes earlier, he would have KNOWN what he’d meant right away. “No, I don’t think so…”

The two left the restroom, Alex thanked the woman over and over for helping them, and Adam apologized for the trouble, and for not being able to speak earlier.

“No problem,” she said. “And hey, if you need someone to help with your door, I could even call my Dad for you. He likes working on stuff like that.”

“Really?” Adam asked, amazed. He’d been pretty worried about the door. He had no clue how to remove it from its hinge, or… Whatever it was he had to do with it now. “That would be great! Thank you so much!”

When they left her apartment a few minutes later, Alex gave a long sigh of relief, and Adam saw some tension leave his body.

“Alex…” Adam said. “You can talk to people, you did a good jo—“

“I was worried she was gonna say something about how we used the toilet together,” Alex explained.

Adam laughed, “Oh… Well, I think she realized that we either had to do that, or risk one of us peeing on her floor while waiting.”

They went back to their apartment to wait for the woman’s Dad to come help with the door. Adam was pretty wary about drinking anything until he knew he had access to his toilet again. His bladder felt… Weird. It was still throbbing and pulsing even though he’d emptied it, then there was the soreness present throughout his lower abdomen.

“So… Um… What were you saying about your back?” Alex asked him. “Like I said, one time when I had to go bad, I had… Sort of a little achey feeling in my back. Like, the feeling I’d get if I slept wrong. Is that what you mean?”

Adam shook his head. What he’d experienced was not the slight discomfort of a muscle being pulled wrongly. “N—No… I mean, I’ve never been shot before, but I swear that’s what it felt like. I’ve never felt anything that bad before, worst pain of my life by far.”

Alex immediately grabbed Adam’s hand and squeezed it tight, worry bubbled in his brain. A little while after he and Adam started dating, Adam had shared a story with him; The story of the worst physical agony he’d ever experienced.

Adam had gotten a filling placed into one of his teeth. Something had gone wrong, though. The filling came out, and took with it a massive chunk of Adam’s tooth. After that, he had a huge abscess in that tooth, the nerves within it exposed and raw. The pain this caused eclipsed everything else in Adam’s life, becoming the only thing he was aware of.

He couldn’t eat anything without feeling like he was being subjected to the cruelest torture imaginable. Even soup was impossible, it would slosh into the abscess and cause anguish to fire through his head. If the soup was hot, it was terrible, but if it was cold it would be even worse.

He couldn’t drink anything, either. Water too would glide its way into the hole in his tooth and bring him to tears. He couldn’t speak, his teeth pressing together was like a punishment from the most vile demons of Hell. He couldn’t even really open his mouth, as just the sensation of air flowing against the abscess could make Adam cry.

Most of all though, he couldn’t sleep. The pain was constant, and it kept him from relaxing enough to drift off. He could only sleep if he swallowed two doses of aspirin at once, the only thing that could manage to bring him even brief respite from his suffering, and managed to get himself asleep before the effects of the pain killers wore off and returned him to his misery.

After about a week of this, of Adam only barely managing small sips of water and tiny gulps of soup by reminding himself that he HAD to put those things into his body to keep it functioning, his parents finally found a dentist with an opening. They gave him the option of trying to put a new, now even bigger filling into the tooth, but after what had happened the last time, Adam didn’t want to risk it going wrong again. The tooth no longer felt like a part of his body, anyway. It felt like some sadistic entity hellbent on killing him slowly and painfully. He wanted it gone— And it was only a baby tooth anyway.

The tooth was at last pulled from his mouth, and the relief as he came to and realized that all his torment was suddenly gone was immense. Adam had marveled at how small the hole within it looked when he was able to hold it in his hands. That tiny, half-centimeter gap had been responsible for all of his misery.

When Alex heard the story, heard Adam describe in pretty vivid detail exactly how much it had hurt, he’d started to squeeze his hand. He’d felt so bad for Adam, but the story also made him feel grateful that he’d left his old home; Doctors had been forbidden there, if at any point Alex had had something wrong with a part of his body that made him feel that much physical pain, help wouldn’t have ever come. When he’d heard the story, heard Adam explain how it had prevented him from completing most of his necessary functions, Alex had doubted if anything could feel worse!

 But… Apparently, something could?

“It was… Worse than your tooth?” Alex asked.

Adam thought about it, “I think so, yeah,” he said. “The pain level was definitely even higher, only thing was at least it didn’t last for nearly as long.”

Alex was frightened. Adam had even ENDED the tooth story by explaining how it had at least given him a super high pain tolerance! He’d told Alex about how he’d gotten swarmed by yellow jackets, gotten second degree burns on his hand, and broken one of his toes AFTER the thing with the tooth. He’d told Alex that, he was able to endure all those things without letting go one tear because, when compared to the tooth, they had been NOTHING.

And now, ALL of those things were being outmatched by just… Needing to pee really badly? “Adam, are you sure you’re okay?” he asked.

Adam’s knee had started to bounce… He already needed the toilet once more. “Um… I think so, but I gotta go again…”

That wasn’t normal… Adam had just peed ten minutes ago…

“W—Well, that guy’s gonna fix the door soon. You’ll be okay, right?”

Adam nodded. And he WAS okay… For a while. But then, when the man showed up and started to take the door off its hinge, Adam was really fidgeting. He had to ask the guy if he could please GO while the door was still off because it was an emergency. The guy had said it was fine, and had gone to wait in the kitchen so Adam could have some privacy.

Then, once the door had been reassembled, Adam once more felt like he was bursting at the seams. He was in such a rush to get back into the restroom and pee that he barely remembered to thank the man for helping out. Once he was gone, Adam dashed back to the toilet, and released a short stream of pee that he didn’t feel justified the throbbing wails that had been shooting through his bladder.

He left the restroom and found Alex waiting. “Oh, you gotta go, too? I’m sorry, we could have—“

“Adam, I think something’s wrong,” Alex blurted out, taking his partner’s hands and squeezing them tight. “You… Held it too long, or something. You hurt yourself. You’ve had to go really bad two times in the last hour.”

“I’m sure it’s fine,” Adam said. “Just… My muscles are probably all worn out now, that’s all.”

“Call your Dad,” Alex said, and the uncharacteristic firmness in his tone told Adam that there was no room for argument here.

Adam knew he ought to do this… His Dad worked in medicine. His Dad would know how to tell if he really HAD damaged something. But, he really didn’t want to have to call him up and say; “Hey Dad, I had to pee extremely bad earlier and it made my back feel like it was being trampled on by a herd of elephants. And now I can’t go longer than thirty minutes without pissing or else I feel like I’m gonna explode.”

He sighed, deciding to try and think of a less graphic way to describe the morning’s misadventure. He called his Dad, and when he picked up, he said “Um… Hi, Dad… Alex wanted me to ask you about something…”

“Ah, hello Adam!” His Dad’s voice was so friendly, so open and inviting. Adam was really lucky to have a Dad like him that cared so much and never judged… That didn’t make it any easier to say what he had to say, however. “What did you need?”

“Um… Well…” Adam stammered. He knew his Dad could tell something was wrong just from his voice. Adam seldom clammed up like this, he was usually open and confident just like Dad was… “You see… The thing is… I kind of…”

“Adam, are you okay?” Dad asked. “You and Alex aren’t hurt, are you?”

“No, we’re… Fine. I think,” Adam promised.

“You think,” Dad repeated. “Where are you? Are you safe?”

“We’re at home,” Adam assured. “It’s just… Um…” Adam’s legs started to cross. He needed to go AGAIN. God, this was getting annoying. “This morning, I… Um… REALLY had to go to the bathroom when I woke up…”

Dad went quiet. “You… Called me to tell me that?”

“And—And the door was stuck!” Adam quickly went on.

“If you need someone to help with that, I’m afraid I’m not the right guy…”

“No, it’s been fixed now, we got someone. But… Like I said, I had to pee super bad, and so we were going around to our neighbors to ask to use their bathrooms… And… Um… It got… SUPER bad for me, and I had… Dad, is it normal to have a really, really awful pain in your back when you need to pee?”

“…No, Adam, that’s not normal,” Dad said. “What part of you back?”

“Like, lower down. I think right below my ribs,” Adam said. “It felt… I mean, I told Alex that it felt like how I think being shot must feel. It was bad.”

“That’s where your kidneys are, Adam,” Dad told him. “If you had pain there, that means you definitely held it for too long.”

“I couldn’t HELP it though…”

“I know, you didn’t have anywhere to…Relieve yourself,” Dad said. “But, you remember what I said when you… That night at the movie theater when you were younger?”

Adam flinched at the memory. It had been years ago, but it still embarrassed him. It was very, VERY early on in his transition, where pretty much the only thing he’d done was cut his hair short. He wasn’t even binding then, just wearing huge sweaters that concealed his chest. And he didn’t have an STP.

He’d stupidly downed three huge sodas during a two hour movie that he didn’t want to miss even a second of. Then, when the credits rolled and he’d dashed to the restroom, both the stalls were taken. He’d had to just wait… But he couldn’t. Pee streamed down his legs in the crowded restroom and he shook from the humiliation. The most ridiculous part in retrospect was how his first thought wasn’t even ‘Oh God, I’m pissing my pants in public!’ but instead ‘Everyone’s gonna think I’m a girl because of where the pee is showing on my clothes!’ As if ANYONE would seriously scrutinize the damp stain on him to that extent.

He’d rushed from the theater, and his Dad found him a moment later. He’d said, “Adam, it’s okay. You had an accident, but your body was just trying to keep you safe. You couldn’t hold that anymore without hurting yourself.”

That was pretty much what he’d said to Alex months ago when they’d both drenched themselves in traffic…

Now, Adam sighed into the phone, “Yes…” he said.

“Good,” Dad said. “So… I mean, when it’s… Causing that type of pain, it’s really for the best if you… Let it happen.”

Adam thought back to how certain he’d been that he was going to have an accident on the staircase, and how the only thing that kept him hanging on was his devotion to Alex and his need to spare him from any sadness… If he hadn’t been overcome with a need to keep Alex happy and dry, his body probably WOULD have made him pee to protect itself.

“I know,” Dad said. “That’s one of the worst ways something like that can end, but it’s better than allowing your body to do damage to itself. Now, how are you feeling?”

“I’m… Sore. Like, around… Where my bladder is. And I keep needing to go over and over again,” Adam explained. He uncrossed his legs and crossed them back in the opposite direction. ‘And I have to go NOW, actually…’ he thought.

“Okay, now when you go, does it burn or sting? Is it painful at all?”

“No,” Adam said. “That all feels normal…”

“That’s good,” Dad said. “That means you probably don’t have an infection. But, you’ve definitely strained yourself too much. I want you to drink lots of water to make sure everything gets ‘flushed out’, and I want you to use the bathroom as soon as you need to go. No holding it.”

“Um… Okay,” Adam said. “Er…”

“Adam, do you have to go NOW?”

“…Yes,” Adam admitted, blushing scarlet.

“Alright… I’ll let you off in a second. Just, promise you’ll follow my advice.”

Adam sighed, “I will…” And the second the call had ended, he was dashing off to pee once more.

“What did your Dad say?” Alex asked when Adam came back.

“I was right," Adam said. “I just wore my muscles out. And the reason my back hurt like that is ‘cause that’s where my kidneys are.”

“Did you break them!?” Alex asked, horrified.

“No, with how much I’m peeing they still seem to be in working order…”
