Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*006*2022-02-08 17:29

Alex was going to the corner store all by himself today. He was really nervous. He had never gone anywhere alone before in his life. Even now, he was always either with Adam, or with his Mom and younger siblings. He was never, ever alone unless he was at home while Adam went to his job. And, even then, Adam would be calling him to check in and make sure he was okay.

Alex needed to learn how to go places on his own, though. He needed to gain the independence that he’d been so totally denied growing up. Adam liked spending so much time with Alex, of course, but it wasn’t the most healthy thing for Alex to be so reliant on him that he couldn’t set foot outside without him.

“It’s a very short walk,” Adam said. “Just a couple blocks. You know the way, don’t you?”

“I do,” Alex nodded shakily. He felt ridiculous. He was an adult, such a tiny amount of time spent outside the house by himself shouldn’t have seemed so terrifying.

“Good,” Adam said. “And you have the money?”

“Yeah.”

“Okay, you just have to pick up one bag of chips,” Adam said. “And, try to talk to the cashier if you can, alright? You can call me if you need anything, but I’m sure you can do this.”

“O—Okay,” Alex said. He was much less confident in his ability than Adam was… He kept imagining himself getting kidnapped, or mugged, or any of the other terrible things he’d been told would happen to him if he ever left home by himself when he was growing up.

“You ready?”

“I don’t think I’ll ever be,” Alex admitted.

“That’s okay,” Adam said. “I just want you to try, if it’s too much you can just come back right away. I won’t be disappointed in you.”

Alex nodded, he felt a little better. Still, he wanted to impress Adam. Adam was always so calm and relaxed and cool… He was hardly scared of anything, and he knew so much about everything… Alex wasn’t cool at all, and practically everything confused him or felt threatening. “Alright,” Alex said. “I’ll try.” He headed to the front door of the apartment. He paused at it, trying to grab the knob to open it and step outside.

He looked back over his shoulder at Adam.

“You can do it!” Adam said. “I know you can!”

Feeling a tiny surge of confidence, Alex flung open the door and began to clomp down the steps leading down the building. Once he was on the ground and approaching the sidewalk, the confidence started to fade away. He was alone, and there were people he didn’t know walking around. He didn’t have Adam to lean on. He didn’t have his Mother to hide behind. He didn’t have his siblings to disappear into. He only had himself.

He felt like everyone was looking at him, when in reality he knew they probably weren’t. As he became more and more aware of how being alone outside felt, he also became aware of the pressure in his bladder. Alex quickly recounted his morning to himself, and realized that he’d been so nervous about the mission that he’d neglected to visit the toilet after waking up.

Now that he’d remembered that he hadn’t peed all day, his need to do so started to feel very intense. He wondered if he should go back up to the apartment and relieve himself. He’d tell Adam he wasn’t giving up on the mission, he just really had to go and hadn’t noticed. But…Alex wasn’t sure if he’d be able to make himself leave a second time. If he went back inside, he knew he would end up staying there. He’d never make the trip to the corner store alone.

It would be okay, Alex decided. He knew this was going to be a short trip, and even though he really did need the toilet, if it turned out that he couldn’t wait through the whole thing, the store would have a restroom he could use. It would be okay.

Alex began walking in the direction of the store. He kept whipping his head back and forth, looking over his shoulder and trying to check for suspicious, white vans or people who looked unfriendly. People he never would have been fearful of if Adam was beside him appeared threatening now that he was by himself. The nerves were making the throbbing urge in his bladder grow worse. He felt like his bladder was a balloon twisted around a gushing faucet, tons of liquid being pumped into it with each passing second.

He needed to cross one street before he got to the store. He’d never crossed the street alone before, either. Alex’s bladder convulsed as he suddenly stopped walking and started to bounce up and down on his heels instead. He looked left, then right, then left again. Then right again. Then another left. He just kept looking up and down the street, and even though he neither saw nor heard any approaching cars, he was convinced that the instant he stepped out onto the road, one would just spontaneously appear out of nowhere.

It was the urging of his bladder that finally prompted Alex to start moving again. His need was quickly approaching a more critical level, and the waistband of his shorts was beginning to feel entirely too tight. He made up his mind right then and there that he was going to have to pee at the store, no way around it.

As he walked the rest of the way, his need for the toilet became much more troubling to him than the unpleasant sensations and anxieties that being on his own had prompted. He actually started to forget that he was outside and by himself as he started to focus only on placing one foot in front of the other, shuffling along the path that was going to lead him to what he needed.

The ache inside his body grew heavier and heavier with each beat of his heart. He began to crumple inwards under the weight of the accumulating mass condensing within his bladder. He was doing everything he could to move quickly and discreetly, grimacing all the while. By the time he reached the store, Alex needed to pee so much that he was actually a little scared. He pushed open the door of the shop and shuffled inside. He bypassed the aisle containing the chips that Adam had told him to get, instead moving hurriedly to the door in the back that contained the image of pink and blue stick-people. Relief at last!

Except, when he tugged on the door, it didn’t open. Alex worried at his lip as he crossed his legs, thighs clenching and knees knocking. He hoped whoever was in there didn’t take too long, Alex thought he was bordering on a medical emergency. Pee was swirling and tossing around in his middle, like water being thrown around a washing machine. Alex’s urine was thrashing to and fro, angrily trying to force its way out of his body as it screamed at him, demanding to know why he hadn’t used the toilet that morning after waking up like he always had before.

More time passed with the door remaining firmly closed. Alex started to wonder if maybe he’d just messed up with the door. He hadn’t pushed hard enough, or maybe he was actually supposed to pull it instead. He tried both of these things, but the door separating him and his bladder from the oblivion of release still didn’t budge. He let go of the knob, balling his hands into fists and swinging them back and forth at his side as he jiggled up and down on his tightly crossed legs.

Alex thought about knocking on the door and asking the person to hurry up, but was worried that would be rude. There were strict rules about etiquette and politeness at his old home, and knocking on the bathroom door, even if someone really, REALLY had to go, was not allowed. Alex was thinking now about how, really, the rule hadn’t made much sense. Because if Alex or his Mom or any of his siblings were in the bathroom for too long, Dad would just open the door, walk in, and yell at them to hurry it up… That was much ruder than knocking, but for some reason the rules never seemed to apply to Dad like they did to everyone else.

Maybe the person in there was mad at him for messing with the door so much, Alex thought. They were going to stay in there for as long as they could now to punish him for being rude. Alex managed to stay standing at the door for a few more minutes, until he just couldn’t hold still anymore and had to rush off. He grabbed the first bag of chips he saw and nervously brought them to the cashier. He shifted from foot to foot as the cashier rang them up. He could barely stand up straight as he continued to endure the agony of retaining a boiling boulder of piss in his core.

Adam had told Alex to try to talk to the cashier, and before Alex was nervous because he didn’t know what he could say. Now though, he definitely had something he wanted to say. “I—Is there another restroom?” Alex stammered. “The one in the back is—“

“Sorry, man,” the cashier shrugged. “The lock got jammed, I’ve been waiting for the guy to come fix it all day.”

What was at first dismay quickly worked itself up into panic when Alex noticed the way the cashier was shifting around behind the counter. The idea of release had gotten so prominent in Alex’s mind during his walk here that being met with denial instead left Alex feeling scared. “And there’s not a second one?” he asked.

The cashier shook his head, “Trust me, if there was, I would have found it by now,” he said. And, Alex genuinely felt bad for the poor guy, stuck here for the rest of his shift with nowhere to pee and obviously feeling the urge. It didn’t take much imagination for Alex to put himself in the cashier’s shoes, he practically already was after all.

As Alex handed the money to the other desperate man, he had to fight back against fantasies soaring through his mind. Fantasies of undoing the button on his shorts just to squeeze out a tiny bit more room for his intensely full bladder. He fantasized about dashing behind the building, yanking down his zip and blasting a stream of boiling hot piss against the wall. He fantasized about using the remainder of his money to buy a large bottle of soda, pouring its contents onto the grass outside and refilling it with all the liquid his kidneys had rudely dumped into his bladder. He fantasized about running outside, knocking on someone’s door and begging to use their restroom, being granted access and finally being allowed to gush his ocean of misery out into a toilet.

But, the only option he actually had was to keep holding it.

He took the chips and got his change. The bag of chips was small enough he could fit into one of the pockets in his shorts… He was a little surprised by that, the pockets on all of his old clothes had been TINY— Sometimes the pockets would just be FAKE and he couldn’t put anything in them at all!

He didn’t have time to think about that, however. He had to get home. He stumbled back out of the store. He looked up and down the street, wondering if there was anywhere else he could hope to find a usable toilet, but he had no idea if any of the other stores on the block would let him go in just to pee. He knew he could just go in and ask, but if they said no, that just added on more time he was gonna have to wait.

He had to go home. It was such a short walk! He could make it, for sure! He started the trek, focused once more just on placing one foot in front of the other. Over and over and over again in an endless trudge of ever increasing desperation. He made it to the street he’d have to cross. He spent much less time checking for oncoming cars than he had the first time. He couldn’t stand still long enough to look up and down the road repeatedly, and it seemed safe enough.

He hurried across the street as fast as he could, terrified that he’d been wrong and a car would materialize out of thin air to mow him down, and bursting full of so much urine that he knew he had no time to dawdle if he was going to make it in time.

After what must have been only twenty minutes, but felt more like two hours to Alex, he was back at his apartment building and staring at the steps he now needed to climb. His bladder shuddered as he gritted his teeth. He didn’t have a choice but to drag his water-logged, piss-filled body up those steps. The sooner he did it, the sooner he’d get to pee. He knew he had to bite the bullet and start moving, but as he raised his foot and set it on the first step, a shockwave of urgency fired through the sole of his foot, up the line of his leg and slammed right into his bladder.

Alex leaked.

The first few drops of his dam breaking apart soaked into his boxers. It was such a tiny, meagre loss of control but it still terrified him. He was going to lose it. He was going to pee all over himself when he was SO close to being home and being safe… Alex dared not move for the longest time. His breathing was tense and short and his hands dug deep into the material between his trembling legs.

His situation had already been such an extreme, awful emergency when he’d reached the door to the restroom at the store, and that felt like it had been four hours ago! Alex shakily made his way onto the next step, and leaked again. His focus was set entirely on the very extreme effort it took to restrain all of the liquid torture inside of his body. That second leak left him teetering right on the edge of an accident.

The need to relax his sphincters and let his pee flow freely reduced him to his base, animal instincts. His legs were moving without control as his mind— Alex’s body was now so full of liquid it felt like it was beginning to pour into his brain— ceased to function beyond the basic things. Left foot, right foot, up the steps. Just move. Just hold it. Please, please hold it! He was making progress, but he knew the end was coming quick. His bladder felt like an incredibly heavy bowling ball, and he was doing everything he could not to drop it. Every step he took seemed to add even more liquid into the overly full, bloated organ.

Instinct kept him moving. Instinct kept him climbing. Instinct got him to the door to his apartment. Instinct gave him the strength to tear a hand away from his crotch to open it and step inside.

Before Alex could run to the toilet, Adam was hugging him tight, “You did it!” Adam said happily. “I knew you could!”

The weight of Adam’s body squeezed into Alex’s bladder like it was caught in a vice. “Adam—!” Alex cried out, feeling a choppy, hesitant stream begin to pour from him. “Don’t!”

“What’s the—“

“Lemme go!” Alex said.

Adam stepped back, concern clear on his face.

Alex felt bad, but he just couldn’t hold it, and he couldn’t explain, there just wasn’t any time to! He ran as fast as he could to the restroom, already unbuttoning his shorts. His slow stream picked up speed as he rushed to the room that would grant him his relief, but he didn’t care. He just had to get in there!

“What’s wrong?” Adam called after him. “Did something happe—“ His question died on his lips when he saw Alex dash into the restroom, and two seconds after heard what sounded like an explosion of hissing water slamming into the toilet bowl. “…Oh,” he said. Adam slowly headed towards the open door of the restroom— Alex often forgot to shut it. He got a quick glimpse of Alex standing there and emptying a waterfall into the toilet, shivering and pink in the face. Wow… Poor guy had to go BAD… “Alex? Sweet thing? You okay?”

Alex panted a couple times, trying to catch his breath. His spine was tingling now, his muscles going so loose and slack… “Hff… Hff… I’m… Okay… Now…” he managed to gasp out between heavy puffs of air.

Adam averted his eyes and tried not to listen to Alex’s downpour. It was a little tricky NOT to, however. Alex was gushing like a broken sprinkler, peeing like he hadn’t visited a toilet in days… His release was so noisy.

Alex’s jaw was still clenched a little bit. He was trying not to let himself moan uncontrollably, not to let himself make such improper, vulgar noises. But, at the same time, he wanted to make those primal sounds, to lose himself in the wondrous feeling of relief after so much restraint. He allowed himself to emit a pleased sounding hum as he poured and poured into the bowl. “Mmmm….”

Slowly, his stream tapered off. He leaned forward and shook out his STP before zipping back up. He nearly flushed the toilet out of habit again, but he remembered Adam had told him not to do that if he’d just peed so he could save water. And Adam was right there. Alex blushed when he realized that. He’d forgotten about the door again… He went to the sink and washed his hands off, “Um… Sorry if I was rude when I got home. I had to go to the restroom really, really bad.”

Adam cracked up, “Really? I couldn’t tell!”

“Eheh…” Alex laughed softly. He took the bag of chips out of his pocket. “I did it, though!” he said. “I got the chips— And guy-pockets are so convenient! You can actually FIT things into them!”

“Heh, yeah,” Adam said. “They’re cool. So, everything worked out okay?”

“Yeah, I was scared at first, and I REALLY needed to go the whole time,” Alex said. “But, I did it. I went out by myself.”

“You know, that store does have a restroom,” Adam said. “You didn’t have to—“

“The lock was broken, I couldn’t use it,” Alex said.

"You still did really good today. Now you know you don’t always need me to take you places.”

“But, I like to go places with you,” Alex said.

“I do, too!” Adam said, hugging Alex. “But, it’s okay to do things apart sometimes, too. When you got away from your old home, you wanted to find independence, didn’t you?”

“Yeah…”

“Well, part of being independent is spending time on your own and learning how you like to handle things,” Adam explained. “We’re always going to do new things together, but we both need things of our own too, you know?”

“Yeah, I get it,” Alex said. “Can we spend the rest of today together though?”

“Of course we can,” Adam said. “I’m so proud of how you handled today, we should do something to celebrate.”

