Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*007*2022-02-09 17:44

Alex was so tired. He looked to the clock on the nightstand and saw that it was approaching 3 AM. He wished he could just fall asleep, but trying to sleep through the discomfort of a really, really full bladder had proved impossible.

Alex crossed his legs back and forth beneath the sheets, trying not to accidentally kick Adam asleep beside him. Alex had resigned himself to a sleepless night and just hoped he could hold it until morning without soaking the sheets. He was starting to doubt it though. His pajama pants were normally very loose, but now the waistband was cutting like a knife. His bladder was swollen. Visibly swollen. He could see a bump protruding in his abdomen. He was that full of piss.

The bathroom was just down the hall. Relief was just down the hall. But, Alex couldn’t reach it. He couldn’t make himself stand up and leave the safety of the bed and of Adam.

A torrential thunderstorm was taking place outside. The hiss of rain pounding on the roof was doing nothing to help Alex’s bladder, and the claps of thunder and shocks of lightning were the precise reason he couldn’t work up the nerve to hobble down the hallway for a pee. Alex was terrified of thunder. He had a good reason to be, he thought, at his old home thunderstorms were tools for punishments. As God punished the sinners by flooding the Earth, if someone committed a sin at Alex’s old home and a storm was taking place, they would be locked outside to endure it, usually in the middle of the night.

The house Alex grew up in was surrounded by deep woods that were fun to explore during the day in the sun, but absolutely horrifying in the pitch black of the night with wind and rain transforming all the shadows into vicious beasts, and thunder roaring ferociously. He would quickly grow soaked, cold and very scared. Sometimes he’d wet himself out there, either from the fear or from just not being able to hold it until he was let back inside. The warm urine gliding down his legs mixed with the cold rain water and made him feel absolutely worthless. When he was let back in in the morning, Papa would snarl at him that he looked indecent, his shirt clinging to his chest and making the parts he could barely even reconcile as being his all the more visible.

Alex hated thunderstorms.

He didn’t want Adam to know that they scared him, though. Adam was just so cool and relaxed and sure of himself all the time… Alex already felt lame next to him, certain that one day Adam would realize that Alex wasn’t cool enough for him and move onto someone better. Being scared of thunder was childish, un-manly and not cool at all. So, when the storm had begun to pick up outside, Alex had worked very hard not to let his fear show. ‘Adam is not going to lock you out in the storm,’ he reminded himself. ‘You don’t need to be scared. You can stay inside.’

But, as the loud booming claps grew stronger throughout the night, so too did Alex’s fright. When getting ready for bed, he stayed closer to Adam than he usually did, hoping the other didn’t pick up on the fact he was terrified. Adam didn’t thankfully. “Wow,” he had said. “Aren’t you affectionate tonight,” and then he’d given Alex a quick kiss that had made him feel a lot better, but then after Adam had pulled back away, Alex was back to feeling trembly and scared.

When they’d gotten into bed, Adam was still under the impression that Alex’s sudden clinginess was just from a desire to cuddle. In a way, it was, because when Adam held him softly once the lights were turned out, Alex had felt safer. Adam’s arms were around him. Adam was breathing so gently. Alex was safe and warm under the covers, with a roof over his head, and the person he loved wrapped around him. He had no reason to be worried.

But when another crash of thunder exploded outside, Alex’s heart pounded like a scared rabbit’s. And, half an hour later, when he heard Adam start to snore and knew he was asleep, Alex realized he hadn’t peed before bed. He hadn’t peed since before dinner, during which he’d drank three glasses of water. Eventually, he’d squirmed away from Adam, not wanting to wake him up with all the fidgeting he was unable to stop, and now he was staring longingly at the clock, trying to convince himself he could wait until morning.

Or, perhaps the storm would end before then. Alex hoped so. If the thunder stopped, he’d feel brave enough to leave the bed and relieve his poor bladder. But, rain was thrumming against the roof in a constant, splattery hiss— so much like the constant, splattery hiss Alex wanted to let flow into the toilet down the hall— and he knew it wasn’t going to stop any time soon.

Alex tried to will himself out of bed. He sat up slowly, feeling the stretch inside his body cramping, and gently set one foot down on the floor.

THOOOM!

An enormous clap of thunder, loud enough to shake the building and followed immediately by a bright bolt of lightning, caused a slow trickle of urine to leak into Alex’s pants, and Alex to dive back into bed, wondering how Adam hadn’t even woken up. He just laid there, thighs straining as he tried to will his drippy bladder to close itself shut again, body shuddering with icy fear.

He couldn’t do it.

He couldn’t be brave enough to walk down the hall and pee like an adult.

He was glad Adam hadn’t been woken by the sounds of the storm. If Adam had seen that, if he knew, Alex would probably be dumped right on the spot.

***

Adam was sitting on a rickety raft in the middle of a roaring ocean. The raft rocked violently up and down, back and forth, as the waves around him built in intensity. Rainclouds were dumping gallons of trickling liquid into the ocean, water noisily splashing against water.

All of it was Hell on Adam’s bladder, and as he sat there on his torn up, unstable raft, his legs were shaking with the effort of holding back his flood. If the raft would stop bobbing around so much, if it stopped behaving like an out of control roller coaster and went still, he’d be able to unzip and pee over the side of it. If the ocean would settle down and he no longer had to worry about being swept away with nothing to float on, he could just get in the water and let go. But, the sea was too violent for any of that. He couldn’t even use his hands to help hold it, because he needed them to cling onto the raft that felt, with each twirling wave, like it was trying to throw him into the ocean to drown. It was less like a raft, and more like one of those mechanical bull rides at the state fair.

Adam couldn’t actually remember how he’d ended up here, apparently lost at sea with an absolutely painful and all consuming need to urinate. All he knew was that he WAS here, and he didn’t want to make the miserable experience of being stuck in the middle of an ocean during a thunderstorm even worse by having to sit in his own piss too.

It didn’t look like he was going to have much of a choice in that matter for much longer, however. He was soaked through from head to toe because of all the rain and crashing waves that had drenched onto him, but every so often he’d feel a spurt of liquid that was warm rather than icy cold, and he knew that meant he was losing control of his bladder.

He considered just giving it up and letting it all go, so that he could focus on clinging to the raft instead. But peeing his pants proved difficult as well. When he finally decided that enough was enough and he was just going to allow his accident to happen, his bladder no longer seemed as eager to get spraying. He pushed down on himself, trying to force it out, but it still wouldn’t come. He grew frustrated, first he was struggling not to piss his pants, and now he had to struggle TO do it as well? That didn’t even make sense!

A huge roar of thunder sounded in the distance and Adam was annoyed for two reasons; First, the noise was startling and obnoxious. Second, it was not startling and obnoxious enough to scare the piss out of him. He continued to strain against his stubborn bladder, continued trying to coax it into releasing, but for some reason it just wouldn’t let go.

Slowly, he started to feel himself growing warmer, which he thought must have been because he’d finally started pissing, but his bladder still felt as hard and swollen as ever. And he felt the warmth everywhere, not just around his crotch.

His eyes slowly blinked open and he realized he was not lost at sea, he was in bed. That had been a dream. But, when he noticed how much the bed was shaking, he realized all the rocking and bouncing he’d endured during his nightmare hadn’t just been figments of his imagination. A second later, the fact that a certain other aspect of his dream had followed him into the waking world slammed into his abdomen. ‘Oh, wow, I gotta GO!’ he realized, noticing that at some point in his sleep his hands had tucked between his coiled together legs.

He didn’t understand why the bed was being jostled around so much until he sat upright. As the waistband of his pajama pants cruelly squeezed into his full bladder in his new position, Adam realized his boyfriend was squirming and tossing back and forth, his legs scissoring with obvious urgency. Assuming poor Alex was probably enduring the same sort of dream he’d just woken himself up from, Adam debated if he should wake him. The only reason he was second guessing it was because he didn’t want Alex to ask to go first. It was mean, but Adam needed to pee so bad that it felt like he hadn’t visited a toilet in over a month, and he didn’t think he could wait for Alex to pee first.

He’d get Alex up after he’d finished, Adam decided. Sucking in a breath around his teeth, Adam carefully stood from bed. Now, suddenly fighting against gravity, Adam folded almost totally in half as his bladder shrieked in a wild frenzy. ‘Oh my God…’ he thought, stepping in place and fighting to get this under a little bit of control. ‘Can I even MAKE IT down the hall?!’ “Oooh!” he whimpered, totally involuntarily. His heart was beating very fast now and he noted with dismay that it was probably going to take him a while to get back to sleep. ‘Nothing like a desperate need to take a leak to really wake a person up…’ he thought bitterly.

Alex sat up, “Adam?” he asked. “What’s—“

“Ohh, Jesu—“ Adam cut off the word mid-syllable. “Jeez,” he corrected himself. Alex always got upset when he took The Lord’s name in vain, which was a difficult thing for Adam to remember. “I didn’t mean to wake you. Just… Had the most intense pee-dream of my life, I think. Sorry.” He started to hobble towards the door, when he heard Alex whimper.

That sound made him stop. “Hm?”

“Take me with you…” Alex murmured softly.

So, Adam was right. Alex did need to pee too. Despite his earlier wish to go first, he made himself ask; “You want to go first? I can wai—“

Alex was shaking his head. “I— I want to go with you,” he said. “I’ve been— I haven’t slept all night, because I’ve been holding it and—“

Adam went as still as he could go while containing such an aching bladder. Which honestly wasn’t that still at all. He was doing a very peculiar march in the spot where he stood and his hips twisted back and forth. “Why have you been holding it all night?”

“I can’t tell you,” Alex said. “Just forget it. If you don’t want me to go with you, I’ll just keep—“

Adam really wished Alex could pick a time that wasn’t ‘the middle of the night when we’re both desperate to pee’ to suddenly be so cryptic. “Sweet thing,” he said, teeth chattering as his arms wrapped themselves around his upper body. Everything above his waist was in knots, while everything below was in endless, frantic motion. “You can tell me anything.”

“… I’m too scared of the thunder to go,” Alex mumbled. “I’m sorry, please don’t think I’m lame now. Please don’t leave me. Just, Papa used to make me stand outside at night in the storms if I disobeyed, and—“

“Slow down,” Adam said. “You think I’d break up with you because of this?”

Alex nodded.

“I would never,” Adam said. “I—“ he cut himself off as he felt a dismal trickle start to slide lazily down his leg. “We can talk more about this later if you need to. Just, for now, know that I love you, but I really, really need to pee and I can’t do ANYTHING else until after I’ve done THAT.”

Alex made himself get up, and Adam noticed the hunched way he walked, knees rubbing together and toes pointed in towards each other. “Take me with you?” he asked again.

“Of course, but you gotta hurry,” Adam said, not that he thought Alex really needed encouragement for that. Poor thing was clearly in a very similar state of need. Adam was concerned if either one of them could wait on the other to finish at this point…

When they got to the door of the restroom, which was only a few short paces down the hallway, they were both dribbling. To Adam’s surprise, the next words out of Alex’s mouth were “Y—You can go first…”

Adam fought not to jump on the opportunity as his bladder shrieked at him to take it. “Alex, that’s sweet of you,” Adam replied. “But, you’ve been waiting all night.”

“I’m bugging you,” Alex retorted. “You go first.”

“You aren’t bothering me,” Adam said. “You can go.”

“You can go,” Alex said. “I can wait while—“

“Alex, you’re going!” Adam said, noticing the dark patch forming over the crotch of Alex’s pants.

Alex stared at the evidence of his loss of control in horror. He forced his thighs together and managed to stop it, noticing the state of Adam’s clothes as he did. “S—So are you!” Alex exclaimed, nodding down at Adam’s pants.

Adam stared down and saw that, yes, the damp spot on his pants was growing. Clenching his fists until his knuckles turned white and jumping from foot to foot, he plugged his leak back up but his bladder was still so eager to spray out the rest and he couldn’t wait, he couldn’t wait, he couldn’t wait. “L—Let’s go together!” he said.

“Wh—What?”

“You are wearing your—“

“Yeah,” Alex said. He knew it was best to take his STP off before bed to give his skin time to breathe, but it felt so much like it was actually a part of his body that sometimes he just forgot to do that.

“Then we can just stand next to each other and go at the same time,” Adam said. “Hurry before we both lose it.”

Alex danced nervously, but soon the urging of his bladder was enough that he dashed into the restroom and up to the toilet. Adam followed closely behind him and lifted the lid and seat, before pulling his pajama pants down with one harsh tug and aiming his prosthetic. He made himself keep holding it however, and that was the hardest thing he’d endured that night. Having to stand there at the toilet, with his dick out and pointed at his target, while still restraining his bloated bladder… But, he didn’t want to let go before Alex was ready to pee as well.

Alex hooked his fingers over the waistband of his pants and stopped. “Th—This is… Okay to do?”

Adam was confused why Alex would think it wasn’t. He knew Alex was pretty strict with himself in regards to following rules, but it wasn’t like ‘Only one person can pee in a toilet at a time’ was a rule that was set in stone, especially not in their own home, at their own toilet. “Who’s going to get mad at you for it?” Adam said, and against his will a spurt of his piss hissed into the toilet before he was ready. He cringed as he bore down on his muscles and brought his flow to a halt. “Alex, please, I’m at the end of my rope here.”

Alex was beet-red as he pulled down his pants and aimed. He didn’t know how to explain how strange this felt to him. He knew there was no actual rule against this anywhere, but it felt like he was breaking some kind of code and doing something forbidden. Perhaps that was why his bladder didn’t start to release as soon as he’d gotten situated.

“Ready?” Adam asked eagerly.

Alex wordlessly nodded.

“Oh, thank Go— goodness,” Adam managed to correct himself as he dropped the control he had been fighting to keep for what seemed like ages. The sound of a stream splashing into the water rang out. “Ahhhh…” Adam moaned out loud as he felt the liquid he had been holding back leave him. The feeling of relief swept over him, but was soured when he realized that his stream was the only one blasting out.

‘Maybe he’s a little nervous,’ Adam thought. He took one hand off of his dick and gently rubbed Alex’s back. “Shhh, you’re okay, just relax. This is fine.”

And that was all it took. The sound of hissing liquid intensified as a second stream of long held piss began to pound into the bowl. Alex immediately shivered with pleasure the second it had begun pouring out of him. “Phew…” he exhaled quietly.

“That’s better, isn’t it?” Adam said softly.

“Mmm, yes…” Alex agreed with his eyes partway shut.

As they both continued gushing away, Adam remembered something his younger brother had talked about doing with a friend once. It was before Adam had gotten his STP, and hearing about it had made Adam feel a strange, hollow sensation. He’d felt silly for feeling left out and like he was missing out on something, but at the time it had been a piercing reminder to him that he wasn’t like other guys… Now though, he had an STP, and he had an opportunity to know how this felt.

He hoped Alex wouldn’t be offended by it, or think he was weird, or anything.

He adjusted his aim and allowed his stream to cross overtop of Alex’s.

“Oh!” Alex said, thinking that had been an accident. “Watch out, don’t make a—“

“It’s like a game,” Adam said. “When you pee with another guy, sometimes you cross the streams. My brother did it with his friend once, I just… I wanted to know how it fel—“

Alex gave a small laugh, and directed his stream against Adam’s. “L—Like this?”

“Yeah, like that” Adam chuckled.

Alex’s face grew even warmer. “Heh, this is kinda fun!” he said.

Adam gave another, different sigh of relief. Alex wasn’t bothered by this after all! They kept it up for a while, both of them had been so ridiculously full that it took some time for them to get empty. Adam’s stream tapered off first, and Alex’s did as well several seconds later. When Alex finished another massive shiver tore through him.

“All done?” Adam asked.

“Yeah,” Alex said. “Thank you. I don’t think I could have made it until morning.”

Adam’s heart clenched as he remembered everything that had happened before they’d peed… “What’s this about thunder? Your Dad made you stand outside in it?”

“Yeah, me and my brothers and sisters. If we did something wrong and there was a storm that night, that’s what we’d have to do.”

“That’s just…” Adam shook his head. “Well, it’s perfectly reasonable for you to be scared of storms, then… I can’t believe you thought I’d break up with you for being traumatized. I’d never do that.”

“But, it’s… Only little kids should be scared of thunder,” Alex said.

Adam shook his head, “It’s okay you’re scared, Alex. Don’t ever think I’d be upset with you over something like that.” He pulled Alex in for a hug. “You were hurt a lot, you didn’t deserve that.”

Alex snuggled closer to him, “Th—Thank you…”

Thunder crashed outside once more and Alex jumped, trembling in Adam’s arms. “Let’s go back to bed,” Adam said. “You can sleep right up next to me if you want. I’ll keep you safe, I promise.”
