Firsts

Author: secretomoact

*013*2022-02-15 17:42

Okay… So, I hope I do a good job explaining everything here, some parts might be a little difficult to visualize if you’ve never used an STP yourself, so I hope I’ve described it all well.

***

“Oh, God…” Adam murmured as he pulled his car into the parking lot of a gas station. “Finally…” He glanced over at Alex; His boyfriend really didn’t like it when he “took The Lord’s name in vain” like that. Adam had never understood what the big deal was, and it was hard to remember not to do it.

He needn’t have worried this time, though. Alex was fast asleep in the passenger seat.

Adam released his seatbelt, and groaned as it finally, FINALLY stopped strangling the tar out of his bladder— Which had felt on the verge of rupture for the past hour and a half.

He and Alex were taking a road trip down to Florida for the week to visit a theme park, and Adam had a bone to pick with whoever had decided to place so few rest stops along the last stretch of road they’d been on. He’d never had the displeasure of trying to control a half ton hunk of metal along a highway with some foot buttons and a wheel while absolutely dying for a freaking piss before. He’d never driven drunk before either, but he had a feeling that his need for the toilet had affected his driving ability as much as being intoxicated would have. When he’d finally seen the sign for this rest stop, he’d almost teared up with relief.

He scrambled from the car, cringing as his stiff legs straightened out and his feet hit the ground. He practically doubled over on himself and felt like, even after all that, he was going to soak himself right where he stood before he could get to the restroom. He caught his bearings enough to get moving, and scurried for the building that promised him release. He darted through the automatic doors and immediately began hobbling for the restrooms in the back.

The guy behind the register called out to him that he’d need to buy something first.

Adam cringed, reached a hand into his pocket and waved around a few dollar bills. “I’ll buy something when I get back, I promise!” He said, continuing his half-doubled over rush.

The guy didn’t protest, and Adam shoved open the door to the men’s room, already tugging down his zipper. “Finally…” he muttered again. “Finally, finally…” He situated himself at the urinal and, at long last, allowed his muscles to relax for the first time in hours. Clear liquid trickled from the tip of his STP prosthetic, and he moaned softly. His bladder slowly deflated back to its proper size and he shook out his STP as he fought to catch his breath. Phew… That had been ENTIRELY too close…

After washing up, he returned to the guy at the register. “Sorry…” he said.

“No problem,” the guy said. “I wouldn’t want to have to mop the floors tonight.”

Adam felt himself blush as he went into the snack aisle. He wanted to find something Alex might like. He was stunned by how few chips Alex had actually tried in his life. At his old home, his diet had been about ninety percent pasta and tomato sauce, since that was cheap and fast to prepare, and snacks between meals were a very rare treat.

Adam had a feeling Alex would really like pork rinds… Alex loved meat. Adam was a vegetarian, apart from fish. Adam had never tried to persuade Alex to become one as well, just as Alex had never tried to convince Adam to become more religious. Adam was surprised that two so very different people could also have lots of things in common, and could love each other so much.

Adam bought Alex the pork rinds and headed back to the car. Adam loved his new car. He’d finally saved up the money to replace the worn out old truck he’d gotten from his Dad with a used electric car. Alex seemed to like the new car, too. He especially liked the soft, comfy seats. Clearly, since he’d spent the last few hours fast asleep in one of them.

Adam wondered if he ought to wake Alex up and have him use the restroom. Alex had drank just as much as Adam had the last time they’d stopped for food. He probably needed to go… Adam got into the car and gave Alex a quick nudge. “Alex? Wake up…”

Alex didn’t budge.

“Sweet thing…” Adam said, nudging him a little harder. “Do you have to go pee?”

Alex still didn’t move.

Adam tried a few more times to rouse his partner, but Alex was too deep in sleep. So, Adam eventually gave up on it and got back on the road. Hopefully there would be more stops going forward, in case Alex did have to go when he woke up.

***

Alex and Adam had been in line for this roller coaster for at least five hours! Alex had grown very bored, and sweaty, and he really, REALLY wished that the line was for a restroom instead. He wanted to tell Adam that he had to pee and couldn’t wait much longer, but they’d already been in this line for SO long and he didn’t want for them to lose their place. If Alex could just go off on his own to pee while Adam saved their spot, he would have. But, this place was so big and so crowded, and Alex knew he’d get badly lost if he tried to go somewhere without Adam.

So, Alex held it. He jiggled in place, jumped from foot to foot, begged for the line to move faster, and he held it. His bladder felt fuller than it ever had before. He needed to go so much that it hurt. When he looked down, he was startled by how swollen he looked. His middle was protruding, and almost rippling. He was shocked his body could even hold that much pee!

Suddenly, the roller coaster made a strange noise and the guy running it said it had broken down and needed repairs. Alex wasn’t too disappointed. Now he could use the toilet! He immediately turned to Adam and let him know the current, agonizing state of his bladder.

“That’s okay,” Adam said cooly. “I’ll find you somewhere to go.” He took Alex’s hand and led him off. They found a restroom right away and Alex was so relieved. But, when he opened the door and stepped inside, there were no urinals on the wall, just pipes protruding from where they should have been. Squeezing his thighs together, he opened the stall instead and found that instead of a toilet, there was just a regular chair for some reason. He was very confused and assumed he wasn’t allowed to pee there.

He returned to Adam and said that there hadn’t been any toilets in there. Bouncing up and down, he added “I can’t hold it!”

Adam seemed weirdly accepting of the fact the restroom didn’t have any toilets inside of it, and took Alex to a different one. This time, when Alex entered the restroom, he was met by a series of brightly colored doors like at a funhouse. He pushed one open, hoping it would contain a toilet. But, it didn’t. It just led into a long hallway lit with flashing lights. Alex felt his confusion build and build, but he could barely process anything when he just had to PEE so bad!

He shoved open door after door, walked through a seemingly endless collection of winding hallways, constantly hoping that a toilet would present itself soon. He could hardly believe he had to go so badly. Soon, it became hard to fit through the doors because his bladder had swelled so much! Every time he squeezed himself through one, his need to go would ramp up considerably, to the point it was making him cry from the pain.

Finally, after what must have been hours of stumbling and searching, Alex shoved through a door and found a dark room containing a huge staircase lit by a series of candles on either side. At the top of the staircase was a urinal. Finally! Alex tore up the staircase, every step jostling his poor, bloated bladder. He was amazed he hadn’t leaked yet. But, finally it was almost over. He was gonna get to pee!

He got up the staircase strangely quickly considering its massive height, but Alex didn’t care about that. That didn’t matter. All that mattered was that he was here now, and he could relieve himself at last. He unzipped, aimed his prosthetic, and unleashed an enormous spray of liquid. It was like what came out of the huge sprinklers on the water ride he and Adam had been on earlier in the day. It was like a super soaker being fired at full blast. His pee looked like a laser beam shooting out of him, and it felt—

It felt like he STILL really, really had to go!

He didn’t feel any sensation of release, no relief whatsoever. If anything, he felt like he needed to go even worse!

Alex’s eyes began to open.

The urinal was gone.

He wasn’t deep in the catacombs of a strange, labyrinthian restroom at a theme park.

He was in the car with Adam still.

He wasn’t peeing.

He really, really, really, REALLY needed to, though!

“Oh my goodness…” Alex winced out quietly, his thighs straining together as he backed himself against his seat as much as he could, trying to give his bladder a little more room. He looked out the window, hoping he’d see a gas station that he could beg Adam to stop at, but there wasn’t anything like that.

What there was, however, was wall to wall traffic.

And it wasn’t moving at all.

Alex whimpered loudly. “Hnnng…”

Adam heard him. He reached a hand over to rub Alex’s thigh, trying to ease away whatever was bothering him. “Sweet thing,” he said. “What’s wrong?”

“Need the restroom,” Alex mumbled.

“Oh…” Adam said, noticing the knots Alex’s legs had become. “I’m sorry— I really tried to wake you when I stopped earlier, but—“

“I—It’s okay,” Alex said, bouncing fiercely in his seat. “Will there be somewhere soon?”

Adam bit the inside of his cheek. The pink flush coating Alex’s cheeks and the sweat cascading down his face was worrisome. “I don’t know…” he admitted. “Traffic’s been backed up like this for a long time.”

Alex shuddered. He didn’t have a ‘long time’ left to wait… He looked out the window again, there were a few, small bushes in the space in-between the lanes. “Can I go outside?” Alex asked, hopeful.

“…No,” Adam said. “That wouldn’t be good, it’s too light out. There’s people around. Not any cover. You’ll have an audience.”

Alex writhed. He was so desperate that he didn’t think he’d care if everyone on Earth saw him pee, so long as he actually got to pee. But, he knew he’d feel absolutely terrible afterwards, filled with shame that he’d given in to his body’s wants and exposed himself to others in such a primitive, animalistic way. So disgusted with himself for falling to temptation rather than engaging in restraint.

But, he was to the point that ‘restraint’ wasn’t going to remain possible for much longer. His pee had to come out somehow, and it had to come out very soon. He fidgeted, shimmying his hips and twisting every which way. The car still hadn’t moved, and Alex couldn’t go outside, and there was nowhere to go inside, and he couldn’t not go! He was going to pee all over the seat! “Adam,” Alex said. “Um… I’m not sure how much longer I can wait.”

Adam looked at Alex with sympathy in his eyes. He’d been desperate on long drives tons of times, and it was never fun. Having nowhere to pee and no idea of when such a place may present itself was nerve wracking, and only made the need to go feel so much worse. One of the times it had happened to Adam was just before he’d met Alex, and shortly after he’d gotten his STP. He’d been with his Dad, and stuck in wall to wall traffic like they were now.

Adam’s need for the toilet had been so extreme that it felt like the rock hard, round curve of his bladder was stretching and warping his entire body as it tried to find more room to expand. He’d been tapping his feet and crossing his legs, holding himself and just begging for the cars ahead of them to move, just like Alex was doing now.

When Adam had begun to tear up, when he’d started to actually cry from how much his bladder hurt and how badly he wanted to let his muscles relax, his Dad grew concerned, patted Adam’s knee, and told him that he could pee in the car. Adam had begun to protest; He didn’t want to have an accident! But, instead, Dad had given him an empty bottle.

It had taken a few minutes for Adam to figure out how to make use of it. It was incredibly challenging to think through the process when all he wanted to do was pee until he was so empty he’d feel like he could fly away.

Adam’s STP was funnel based. If the funnel was warped or blocked in any area, or if his anatomy wasn’t lined up correctly with it, then it wouldn’t work, it would overflow or spill. He also needed to create a seal around his anatomy with the funnel by making sure the entirety of the top was pressed tightly against his skin. If there was any space between his skin and the silicone surrounding the wide top of the funnel, it was more likely to leak. He’d quickly realized that he could not pee into a bottle while sitting in a car seat because that would block the funnel, and things would not be lined up properly. After some struggle, and a little help from his Dad, Adam had gotten himself into a position that would allow him to flood the bottle without making a huge mess.

Adam looked around the car, he opened the glove box and rifled through it… There was a bottle in there. A nice, big one too. He could save Alex today just like Dad had saved him. Hopefully. There had been another time on a bus where Adam had tried to have Alex pee into a bottle, and it hadn’t worked. Alex hadn’t been able to unclench and allow his bladder to drain out. But, there had been other people around them that day, and the bus had been moving. This time, it was just the two of them, and it looked as though the car was going to be remaining stationary for quite a while. Adam assumed it would work better this time, and he really, really hoped he was right, because Alex’s bladder control was clearly not long for this world.

“Alex, I’m gonna help you pee,” Adam said. “Part your legs.”

Alex looked horrified at the suggestion. His legs felt like the only thing keeping him from turning the car into a mobile swimming pool. “I—I’m gonna go if I—“

“Trust me, alright?” Adam said. “I’ve got you. Part your legs.”

The instant Alex’s thighs stopped straining against one another, he was spurting. He felt dampness collecting in his boxers, and heard tiny hissing sounds every few seconds. He clenched his eyes shut tight. “I d—d-don’t wa—want to ruin your car, Adam…”

“You won’t,” Adam promised. “Just scoot forward a little, so your butt’s not in the seat anymore. Keep one hand behind yourself on the chair so you can balance. And angle your… self down towards the floor.”

Alex whimpered, sweat rolling down his face. He tried to do as Adam said, but he just had to pee so badly and he didn’t know how this was supposed to help. His bladder shrieked tyrannically as he moved forward off his seat, and his legs shook with exertion as his nails dug into the seat behind him. He realized he couldn’t stay balanced with just one hand when his body shuddered and jolted and he lost another spray of pee as he wobbled. So, his second hand clamped onto the seat as well.

Adam was about to tell Alex that he needed his other hand, but decided against it. The look on Alex’s face was pure agony, and he seemed barely able to keep himself positioned as it was. Adam supposed he could give him a little more help than he himself had gotten from his Dad. “I’m going to have to pull your pants down for you, is that okay? I promise, this will help.”

“Y—Yes,” Alex pleaded. A frantic spray of pee spurted from him, re-soaking his drying clothes as he shimmied his hips uselessly.

Adam quickly yanked Alex’s shorts down. His prosthetic was in the correct place, and with how he no longer had a carseat beneath him, no part of it was smooshed, nothing would block a stream of liquid from rushing through its funnel as intended. He was angled properly so fluid should just flow straight down it. Adam received a confirmation that the prosthetic was properly positioned when he saw Alex leak again. A thin, clear jet of pee rushed from the tip and splashed loudly into the footwell. “I—I’m sorry!” Alex said.

“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Adam tried to soothe.

The harness Alex wore to keep the prosthetic attached to his body was tight, but not enough to form the proper seal necessary to keep anything from spilling out from around the top once Alex really started going. Alex needed to keep his hands on the seat behind him to keep from falling over, he couldn’t press the prosthetic against himself. “I’m also going to have to touch you a little, alright? You’ll be able to go in just a second.”

“Okay,” Alex said. “Hurrryyyy!” It was taking every ounce of strength he had not to start peeing right then. He felt Adam pressing his prosthetic up against his body, creating a seal. Then, he watched as Adam placed the bottle beneath his tip.

“Go,” Adam started to say, but Alex already was.

Alex had released a wavering, hissing stream of urine. He was still so nervous that he was about to make a mess, and his body couldn’t relax all the way due to the strain of his position. But, he was peeing. Thank goodness… He heard his pee trickling into the bottom of the bottle, and didn’t feel the warmth building up around his thighs that told him he wasn’t using his STP correctly. Just to check, however, he asked; “I—Is it okay?”

“It’s just fine,” Adam promised. “Keep peeing.” He kept a careful eye out the front window of the car, nervous that the traffic would suddenly clear before Alex was done and people would start honking at them to move. But, the cars ahead of them remained at a standstill. He noticed Alex still had that pinched, distressed look on his face. His cheeks were bright red and sweat was running in buckets down his forehead. His eyes kept darting out the window of the car. Probably because it was difficult to balance… Or maybe it was because Alex had been brought up to value modesty very heavily, he was punished and shamed even for just showing his shoulders in public, and this—Sitting half-naked in a car in heavy traffic while someone held his dick for him as he peed into a bottle— was definitely NOT modest at all…

“Sweet thing…” Adam said. “You’re okay. No one in the other cars can see what you’re doing. It’s just us.”

Alex released a shaky sigh then and allowed his eyes to drift partway closed. He was trying to stay as still as possible to make Adam’s job easier, but before long an uncontrollable shiver went through his body.

“Careful…” Adam said, a light sprinkle of liquid spurting onto the floor instead of into the bottle.

“S—Sorry…” Alex said.

“It’s okay,” Adam said. “Feeling better?”

“Yes… Th—Thank you…” Alex felt silly for it, but he didn’t know if he’d ever loved Adam more than he did right now. Adam had saved him. Adam had been smart enough to know how to give him what he so badly needed. Adam had made him feel so, so good…

“Wow…” Adam said, feeling the bottle growing warmer and heavier as Alex’s stream continued its slow trickle. It looked like they were going to be here a while. Not only had Alex’s release failed to pick up in speed or force, Adam was also now realizing that his boyfriend’s bladder had been fuller than could have possibly been healthy. “Poor thing. You really had to go… ” Of course, that had been obvious from all his squirming and clear discomfort, but it was still amazing to see so much come out with no end in sight.

“I’m r—really sorry…” Alex said.

“Don’t apologize!” Adam said. “You didn’t do anything wrong.”

Alex was getting really sore from keeping himself in such an awkward position. He tried to push and go faster, tried to loosen the muscles that he’d been straining to keep taut for so long, and finally his stream picked up a bit, and the relief he felt practically tripled. Before it had felt really, really good, but now that he was letting it out in a nice, steady flow, it felt like a reward from God Himself. “Haaahhhhhh….” he breathed now, blushing even more. That sound certainly hadn’t been very modest…

Adam grew increasingly concerned as to whether Alex’s bladder’s capacity was actually higher than the bottle’s was. It was a huge bottle, but Alex had almost filled it. “Al—Almost done?”

“Just about…” Alex murmured. One last, long spray of urine spattered into the bottle. “Okay. Finished.”

“There you go, all better…” Adam released Alex’s cock and twisted the bottle’s cap back on. “Sit back in your chair now,” he said. But, Alex was already doing that.

He’d pulled his shorts back up and was now resting calmly and limply in his seat. “Thank you…” he sighed out again, still blushing.

Adam rubbed his thigh once more. “You’re welcome,” he said.

“I love you so much…” Alex added blearily.

“Heh… I love you too, sweet thing.”
