[MLP] Hitch Trailblazer needs to pee in the toilet

Author: rainyrains

*000*2023-05-17 04:22

A quiet breeze filled the air and a serene sound of ponies hooves against the pavement could be heard all around. It was such a peaceful day for Hitch. Nothing could break the stallions stride as he walked down the streets of Maretime bay except...

"Uh oh!" Hitch said to himself as he suddenly felt a pressure in his lower regions. The stallion has felt this feeling for the past hour now but he chose to ignore it as felt it wasn't important enough to break his schedule.

His scheduled trip to the Brighthouse had to run into an unplanned delay as the feeling near his tail region was growing stronger. "I really... I really gotta..." Hitch stammered.

"I really gotta pee!" Hitch unintentionally said aloud. A deep blush swept across the otherwise pale stallions face as he realized he accidentally announced his current predicament out loud. His embarrassment was brief as his need to look for a restroom was greatly outweighed it.

Hitch started to move his back hooves and crossed his legs in attempt to hold it in as he darted his eyes around looking for a bathroom he could possibly use, it was no use. No matter where he looked he couldn't see anywhere that offered a public toilet!

His dance began to become more frantic as his need grew and he then used one of his hooves to hold his private region to try and better hold back the floodgates that were near bursting.

Hitch started to become worried that he may not find one on time, but there was still one option left: his police station. It was just barely in view from where he was standing, he had no other choice but to make a run for it and hope he makes it in time.

The bursting stallion ran as fast as he could with one hoof occupied to clench his stallionhood. He tried and failed to make himself just look like a regular pony running but every single one of the onlookers knew exactly what he needed to do.

After an agonizing run to the station, Hitch only had a few barriers left to sweet relief. The stallion unhappily removed his hoof off of his privates -doubling his potty Dance to make up for it- and fumbled as he tried to unlock his door. Finally, it unlocked after the third key.

There it was, the bathroom stood across the room with the door open, the unoccupied toilet in view. The bursting stallion made a straight beeline to the bathroom and practically pounced toward the toilet, not even bother to close the door. It didn't matter to him as he was so close to the thing he has been needing the most. Hitch finally made it and quickly sat down onto the toilet. As soon as his rear touched the toilet seat and his privates were tucked into the bowl, his floodgates finally burst.

"Ohhhh~ Finally sweet sweet relief!" Hitch moaned as the loud sound of the stallions urine sprayed into the toilet bowl. He couldn't care less about the noise as he felt too relieved to care.

Hitch spread his legs and leaned back in another show of relief and pleasure as his bathroom break continued. "Wow! I needed to pee!"

After what felt like hours, Hitchs stream eventually died down. He gave a little shake to make sure he was really completely done, and finally sat up from the toilet. He turned around and looked into the bowl and saw his reflection in the urine-filled toilet water. Hitch chose to not waste any time and flushed the toilet and washed his hooves.

He then exited the bathroom, feeling much better now that he took care of his pee problem. Now that everything was over with, he took off, pretending like he didn't just nearly wet himself in a desperate dash to the bathroom.

