The damned queue

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-29 16:14

Hey folks. Just a short story I knocked up a few days back. Hope you enjoy

The air conditioning hit me like a train coming into the store, it was very warm outside, and I was beginning to perspire, so the welcome breeze was a very pleasant sensation. It was strong though, maybe a little too strong., it nearly blew my skirt up. That would have been embarrassing, the store was busy, and I did not relish the idea of displaying my knickers to the world, I am not that kinda girl. Cause of the perspiration and the general discomfort from the heat, I made my way to the bathroom to freshen up, I was becoming self-conscious and felt the need to take a few minutes to get myself together before continuing my shopping expedition.

The bathroom was on the third floor, tucked away in a side corridor beyond a set of double doors. They were big and well equipped, there were ample stalls for us girls to use and just as many sinks and mirrors for our vanity projects. The bathroom itself was empty, except for me and one other girl who was pruning herself on the far left of the room. I approached the sink on the far right and began brushing my hair and wiping my brow, I splashed a little water onto my neckline to help cool me down and sprayed some deodorant around my person, I didn’t think it was required, but it made me feel a little better anyway.

Ablutions concluded I enter a stall to empty my bladder. I was not very full, but I had just consumed a large takeaway coffee and I wanted to take no chances, coffee tends to rush straight through me, leading to some rather awkward instances. I raised my skirt, pulled my pink, strawberry printed bikini knickers down and did my business. I was surprised, I had felt no particular urge but the moment I raised my skirt, I felt a strong surge of desperation and almost dampened my knickers. The stream was strong too and seemed to last a long time. Where did that come from? I thought to myself. I finished my wee, grabbed my handbag and left the stall, washed my hands, and left the bathroom. Shopping awaited.

I spent a few minutes browsing the gifts section, it was my sister’s birthday soon and whilst I had no plans to buy anything on this day, I wanted some idea for when the time came. There were all kinds of cute gifts that would be perfect for her, I particularly liked the Disney princesses candle set, that is exactly the kind of thing she would love. As I say, I had no plans to buy anything today, but this was just so perfect, I felt it was too good to turn down, so I grabbed a set and headed for the checkout.

The queue was quite small, there were four people in front of me, I do not actually mind long queues cause it gives me an opportunity to browse all the little nik nacks on the shelves around the checkout area. I was particularly keen on the cute socks they often sold around this area, a friend recently bought some cute banana printed socks from here, but I could not see them today. Instead, I gave in to an urge to buy some strawberry jelly sweets, I really shouldn’t have cause whilst they are totally delicious, they are also full of sugar and once I start, the whole pack is gone in minutes.

I got called to checkout number three, the guy serving was cute, exactly the kinda guy I go for but I’m also very shy before I get to know someone, and I found it impossible to make eye contact. He seemed very friendly and he made a nice comment about my great taste in confectionary, I said nothing and just smiled at the floor, this is something I should work on.

“Enjoy your strawbs” he said kindly as I walked off “you too” I said back. Oh great, now I am not just the shy girl, I am the super stupid girl too. Nice work Emily.

I rushed out the store as quickly as my little legs could carry me, I was blushing and felt like everyone was starting at me. They were not of course, but social anxiety is a bitch, pure and simple. I felt like I needed a cold drink to bring me back to earth, so I began searching for a coffee place where I could get a smoothie or something. I passed the coffee place I went to earlier; I didn’t feel like I could go in there again so soon after my first purchase, they would think I was weird, I was sure of it. Luckily, there was another place just down the other end of the mall. It was a short walk and I could feel my rosy cheeks returning to a normal colour now that I had put that store behind me.

There were a lot of people out and about, as there usually are on a Saturday afternoon. Guys being dragged around by their girlfriends, groups of girls laughing and talking way too loudly and kids in pushchairs screaming the place down, a typical day out really. Up ahead I could see an acquaintance of mine, her name is Clara and she’s okay, but she is also totally over the top and way to touchy feely for me. I swerved to the left to try and avoid her sight and ploughed dead straight ahead, never once looking in her direction, if I cant see her, she cannot see me, right? Wrong.

“Ohhh hey Emily!” she called out way too loudly across the mall. “Oh, hey Clara, didn’t see you there” I lied. “What are you doing out and about, you on the prowl?” she asked playfully as she jabbed me vigorously in my arm, it hurt a little. “My sisters’ birthday is coming up and I needed to get her a gift” I said plainly. “Ohhhh cool” she exclaimed way too excitedly. “Listen, I’m meeting up with some of the girls later” she started, and I didn’t like the sound of this one little bit. “wanna tag along? We’ll do some shopping, grab a drink, grab some food and maybe grab a couple guys too, you in?”

Absolutely not, is what I wanted to say, I had a prior engagement with my sofa, Netflix, and ice cream. “I’m not sure I can Clara, I’m meant to be taking my brother to his karate lesson later” I lied again. “nonsense!” she exclaimed wildly. “blow it off and come with us, you’ll have much more fun, might even get you hooked up with a cute guy” I really didn’t want to be rude, but at the same time, I just wanted to get out of this situation. “I cant Clara, I’m sorry, maybe another time” I spoke politely, smiled, and walked away. I could feel her eyes burning into the back of my head and I felt a little shamed, but I really could not be doing with her today. I just wanted to do my shopping, grab a drink, and get home to my plushies and sofa.

Still feeling slightly shamed, I entered the coffee shop and ordered a strawberry and banana smoothie. My phone had been vibrating like crazy so I knew I was loaded with messages and notifications so I decided to get my drink to sit in, it would give me a chance to relax a little, clear my phone and return messages before heading into the wilderness again.

I grabbed a seat on single table right next to the wall, I simply cannot sit in the middle of a room, I feel totally exposed and paranoid. I stumbled slightly as I sat down and felt myself blush again, I did not dare scan the room and just stared vaguely at my phone until the feeling passed. Turns out I only had a few messages, most just general chit chat and asking how I am and so on. But I liked it, I like people enquiring about me and my day, it makes me feel important and loved. I returned all the messages I had received and was slowly sipping away at my smoothie. I passed a good half an hour just flicking through social media, returning messages, and sipping at my smoothie.

Drink gone, I grabbed my handbag and headed for the bathroom, I had become quite full quite quickly and I needed to pee pretty bad. I could see the bathroom sign directing me upstairs, so I headed for the stairs and followed the directions. I got confused at the top and went left when I should have gone right, luckily, nobody saw me so that was good. I saw the bathroom door straight ahead, I approached it and pushed. Nothing. Maybe there is someone in? I thought to myself. I spent a couple moments waiting patiently for whoever was in to come out, but I was doing a gentle pee dance and I was becoming more and more urgent. I was trying to stay composed, but it was tough, I really needed to pee, and I could feel my bladder starting to ache and groan at me. Please do not say this is going to be another Piccadilly square incident.

“Can I help you?” a friendly voice called out from behind me, it startled me a little an di had to bear down so I did not leak into my knickers. “I’m just waiting for the bathroom” I answered as calmly as I could manage. “I’m sorry, but the bathrooms are out of order” she replied sympathetically. Oh great, this could be another Piccadilly square then. “Oh okay, well thank you” I said shyly and began making my way towards the stairs. “If you’re desperate, you can use our staff toilets if you like?” she called out. This just made me feel worse, I was now totally paranoid that she had seen me doing a pee dance and I could not face saying yes to the question, so I politely declined and left the shop.

Exiting the shop, I was hit by the warm sunshine pouring in through the glass ceiling, I was only wearing a tank top, but I felt overly hot again, it really was a very warm day. There were bathrooms in another mall a few minutes’ walk away, so I began beating a path towards them. Each step was feeling laboured and my bladder ached each time my foot came down. I tried to walk quickly but that just made the sensation worse and I could feel my muscles beginning to ache and shake a little from the effort it was taking to control my bulging bladder. Every now and then I felt the need to pull over and brace myself for a moment, I was getting stronger and stronger surges of desperation and each one was taking a toll on my ability to control the situation. I was breathing heavily, and I was sure passers-by could see I was in serious desperation mode and not too far away from having an accident.

Up ahead I could see the bathrooms, I felt a little better now I could see them but there was also a sizeable queue outside of girls waiting to get in. I quietly joined the back of the queue and just hoped my turn would come quickly. I couldn’t count the girls in front of me cause my mind could no longer think clearly. I stood with my legs and feet crossed and I was doubled over slightly onto my abdomen. The girls in front were clearly not in the same predicament as me, or if they were, they were doing a damned good job of hiding it. The queue didn’t seem to be moving very fast either, it really felt like it was going to be Piccadilly square all over again. I found the strength to ask the girl in front of me how long she had been waiting, she replied saying ten minutes. It seemed doable, maybe.

I tried to take my mind of my impending accident my messaging friends on my phone, but it wasn’t much use, I couldn’t type coherently, and I was just writing nonsense. I felt totally frustrated that I didn’t live in a world where popping a squat anywhere was acceptable, cause at this moment, that seemed a really good idea. I was inching forward bit by bit, but my bladder was beginning to betray me again. I had to relax my muscles for a moment, just a moment because I was becoming exhausted from the effort it was taking to fight and a trickle of pee left my body and wet my underwear. I bared down again and stopped the torrent in its tracks, but my defences had been breached and a wet patch against my pussy was a constant reminder. I inched forward again and again.

Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime, I could see the end of the queue, the light at the end of the tunnel. I smiled to myself briefly as I finally believed I could relieve my bladder and keep my dignity intact at the same time. My phone vibrated again and I quickly checked the screen to see what it was, it was my sister sending me a picture of her dog sat down in a really funny way, I chuckled aloud and my defences were breached again. A stream of pee left my body, pushed through my underwear, and trickled onto the floor beneath me.

I looked down, horrified. There were small droplets of pee lying at my feet, noticeable to anyone that was looking hard enough. The light-coloured marble floor was doing nothing to disguise my failure. I glanced around and jammed my right hand into my crotch, my hand became wet with pee and I immediately knew I had leaked more than I thought. My horrified mind ran through Piccadilly square all over again, the shame and embarrassment of wetting my pants in front of all those people, I felt the same was going to happen again. I looked frantically towards the front of the queue and to my absolute delight, I was now at the front of the queue.

I braced myself for one last fight. I could finally see my end goal and the relief it would bring me. All I had to do was wait for one more girl to come out.

Time stood still. My muscles ached, I was shaking uncontrollably, and my wet knickers were now cold and a constant source of irritation and shame. A girl came out. I moved as quickly as I could towards the bathroom, not stopping for anything or anyone. I dashed towards the door and almost pushed it off its hinges. The bathroom was crowded with girls doing their various ablutions and going about their general business. I scanned all the stalls for one that was free. To my abject horror, all were occupied. I frantically glanced from stall to stall looking for an opening, but none seemed to be imminent.

The idea of peeing in the sink became appealing, it was a nice thought in that moment, such a nice thought for a moment I forgot myself and leaked again. This one was bigger though and despite my hand holding furiously against my genitals the flow simply sprayed through my hands and splashed onto the marble floor below. Out the corner of my eye, I could see a few girls looking at me, it was an audible splash and it drew the attention of several girls in my immediate vicinity. I blushed red and I could feel tears beginning to wet my eyes. It was happening. I was loosing it. The trickle continued, gently leaving my body, and leaving my wet underwear in its trail. Down below, I could feel the wetness spreading from my pussy towards my bum and before long, I knew this trickle would turn into a torrent. I used every bit of strength I had left to stem the flow and it worked. There was a small puddle beneath my feet, and I knew the other girls had noticed my imminent accident.

A door opened. A girl came out.

I dashed in, I am sure I even pushed her out my way slightly, but I didn’t care, I was too concerned with my own situation then worrying about the personal space of others. I slammed the door behind me, and my hand shook uncontrollably as I fiddled with the lock. My stream started again, violently so. Warm pee gushed out of my body, soaking my strawberry knickers, and thundering onto the marble beneath. I felt pee soak into the top of my shoes and my socks became wet. I had totally lost it. My body had given up the fight and I was wetting myself uncontrollably and I still hadn’t locked the door. Anyone nearby would have heard my pee hitting the floor and anyone immediately outside my stall would see my ever-growing puddle trickling under the door. I managed to lock the door, somehow.

I dived to the toilet and pulled my knickers down, at no point did I stop peeing and as I removed my knickers, pee poured into the seat of my knickers leaving a very visible wet patch and various spots all over the pink material. I sat on the toilet and felt the relief wash over me. The relief was incredible and for a few moments I was transported to another place, somewhere different to this one, everything that had just happened seemed irrelevant. I cannot say how long I was sitting on the toilet peeing, but it felt like a long time.

When my bladder was finally emptied, and the last trickle had left my body I was immediately brought back to reality and the situation I was in. I looked down at my knickers and they were soaked, totally soaked. The gusset had turned dark, as had most of the seat of my knickers. Then I saw my puddle which had began to flow under the door like a small river. I sat staring, unable to fully comprehend what had just happened. I could hear girls talking amongst themselves about me, about how I had wet myself, “poor girl” I heard one of them say.

I did not know what to do. I could not wear these knickers any longer, they were ruined, and I had no desire to walk around smelling of pee all day, but I also did not want to just ditch them. I loved these knickers, they are cute, comfortable and I feel great wearing them. However, I also had no bag to store them in. I did not want to just drop them into my handbag, then everything would smell of pee. Worse still, I had no desire whatsoever to walk around without underwear whilst wearing a skirt, that is a recipe for disaster. I decided to improvise. I rolled off a load of toilet paper and wrapped my knickers up as best I could, the pee was soaking through most of the paper, but it was something at least. The next stage of my plan was to go to a store and buy a new pair of knickers which I could wear for the journey home. First, however, I had to leave the stall.

I used some toilet paper to dab away the pee I had left on the seat. I dabbed my pussy and legs to remove as much wetness as possible. I took several deep breaths, I was still shaking but I was so overcome with relief, I no longer felt totally embarrassed. I opened the door to see a number of girls milling around and more strikingly, a cleaning lady was waiting outside the door to clean up after my accident. I couldn’t look anyone in the eye, particularly the cleaning lady who I felt so bad for. I simply looked at my puddle on the floor, apologised profusely and left the room.

Leaving the bathroom, I could feel eyes burning into my soul. I could hear idle chatter about “that girl just wet herself in there” but somehow, I did not feel humiliated. I felt embarrassed sure, but it was not as bad as the first time in Piccadilly square, guess these things get easier the more regularly they happen.

I went to the first clothing store I could find, grabbed the first pair of comfortable looking knickers I could find, paid, and left. I jumped into my car and drove home, leaving my little mishap behind me.

