Wet and horny in an elevator - Short Story

Author: Spurgle

*000*2022-06-22 14:47

“It’s fine, don’t worry about it” he lied as he began to dribble urine into his tight briefs, this was the first time Jackson had ever found himself in such a position and he was not much of a fan. In his twenty years on this earth, he had never had an accident outside of his childhood, but as determined as he was, he feared this record would soon be broken. Jackson, an amiable, good-natured man who had a smile for everyone did not want his girlfriend of six years to witness such humiliation.

However, In the confined space of his girlfriends’ car he had nowhere to hide and nothing much to do to relieve the overwhelming pressure he felt pushing against the tip of his penis. He knew home was not far, but it may as well have been in a different dimension. He had tried crossing his legs. He had tried taking his mind of it by playing on his phone. He had tried gently rocking back and forth in his seat. It was all useless against the raging torrent he feared would soon strip away his dignity.

Another bump in the road shook the car. His girlfriend was driving like a maniac in a frantic attempt to get her boyfriend to a toilet before he lost whatever control he had over his bladder. “I’m sorry” she said sympathetically as the car shook violently. “it’s fine” he lied again as another spurt of warmth spread around his groin. A cursory inspection with his hand told him he had peed through his jeans and that it would likely be visible to the outside world. He grabbed his crotch and squeezed hard, but this did nothing except fill his hand with urine.

“I don’t want to pee in your car” he said as calmly as he could, realizing he was in dire straits. “It’s not far, babe” Emily said comfortingly. “If you don’t pull over, I’m going to pee all over your car seat and I don’t want to do that” he said seriously. Emily glanced at her boyfriend and thought for a second. “it’s like five minutes babe, you can do it” Emily announced as confidently as she could. Jackson did not make a reply and instead groaned in frustration and stared at the celling of the car.

It was true. They were close to home and Jackson was a strong man, but even the strongest of men can have an accident in the right conditions and Jackson was learning this fact for the first time. His mind was frantic, and he thought of nothing except the wetness around his crotch and the extreme sensation of urine pushing against the tip of his penis. His frantic state was only eased slightly when their apartment building homed into view. Emily swung the car hard to the right and in a single maneuver brough the car to a stop in their designated parking space. “Quick snap” Emily said as the pair leapt out of the car.

Emily grabbed her man’s hand as they quick marched up the pathway to their apartment door. She glanced at the wetness around her boyfriend’s crotch and silently hoped he hadn’t peed on her car seat. Emily punched in the buildings door code and the two strode quickly through as the automatic door swung open. They lived on the ninth floor, and they were not planning to walk. Emily called the elevator and waited patiently as it climbed down through the floors. The elevator had been on the fourth floor, so it did not take long to reach the couple. They dived inside and smashed the button for the ninth floor. “It seems worse now than ever” Jackson said. “Well yeah, it’s cause you know you’re close to a toilet, it’s normal babe” Emily said knowingly. The elevator climbed slower than it ever had before, at least that is how it felt to Jackson. Seventh floor.

The elevator stopped. The doors did not open. It had broken down.

“What’s happened?” Jackson asked in horror. “I think it has broken down” Emily said calmly. Emily pressed the emergency button and there was a beeping sound for a few seconds before it wrung off and nothing more happened. “I’ll call that number” Emily insisted, referring a phone number listed as an emergency contact number. “I can’t wait” Jackson said urgently as Emily dialed the number. A man answered the phone and the two talked for several minutes. Emily explained the situation and the man told her it would be several hours until an engineer would get there. “Well?” Jackson asked urgently as he jiggled on the spot. “Several hours” Emily replied sadly.

Jackson’s face dropped as he heard the words. “Well, that’s that then” he said darkly as he let down his defenses and started to flood his briefs and jeans. “You can do…” Emily cut herself off as she noticed her boyfriend had given up and had started to wet himself. “I’m sorry” he said sadly as urine poured through his underwear and thundered down his legs to form an ever-expanding puddle by his feet.

“I just couldn’t…” he started to say before Emily cut him off “I know babe, you aren’t the first and won’t be the last” she said truthfully as she watched the streaks of urine flow down her boyfriends’ legs. Tears moistened his eyes as he looked down at the puddle he was making. “This is humiliating” he said. “When you have to go, you have to go” Emily said dismissively, trying to preserve her boyfriends’ dignity. “But..” he started before Emily cut him off again “no buts, it happens you’re still my sexy man and this” she said grabbing his pissy crotch “is still mine.” Jackson jumped back slightly in surprise as Emily grabbed his still pissing penis. Urine poured through her fingers, but she did not care. She wanted to please her man and make something better of the situation.

Emily grabbed Jackson’s fly and unzipped. Then, she undid the button and in one, well-practiced move, she yanked his soaked jeans to his ankles. He was still peeing slightly, but Emily didn’t care. She firmly grabbed her boyfriends’ crotch again and squeezed hard, sending a flow of warm pee through her fingers. She held this position for a few moments until she was certain her boyfriend had finished urinating and then, still admiring his tight package, held comfortably by his marl grey briefs, she rubbed his wet penis up and down until he became hard. Emily gently began to remove his pissy underwear and slide them towards his ankles. His penis was erect and stood firmly to attention. She gripped the shaft of his penis and began to tug, starting gently and slowly becoming more vigorous in her motions. “That nice?” she asked and received a swift nod in response. “You make me so wet” she said “I want you” she added lustfully, biting her lip.

Jackson grabbed her firmly and pushed her against the elevator wall. He lifted her skirt and began to finger her pussy. She was indeed wet, and Jackson was not convinced it was all lubrication. “You naughty girl” he said “big girls don’t pee in their panties” he added. “True” Emily responded “but then, big boys don’t wet their pants either, so I guess we’re even” she added in a sexy tone. In response, Jackson fingered her pussy harder and pressed the cotton of her underwear almost inside her vagina, feeling more and more moisture as he did so.

“Would that make you feel better, if the little girl wet her panties?” Emily teased him and Jackson grunted in response. “I’ll do anything for you” she announced as she opened the taps and allowed a stream of urine to flow through her underwear, “oops” she said in feigned surprise. “Dirty bitch” Jackson grunted as he lifted her legs to her waist and was answered by more pee coming through Emily’s panties. “Take me” Emily commanded. Jackson’s fingers had just gripped the fabric of Emily’s panties when he suddenly stopped everything he was doing. His penis went soft, and his head turned swiftly, as the elevator doors opened.

Jackson looked in horror at the young woman who stared back at him and Emily through wide eyes. She could not have been more than twenty-five years old, and she seemed totally shocked by what was in front of her. “Fuck” Jackson cursed. Emily hurriedly returned her skirt to its rightful position and straightened herself out. Jackson meanwhile fumbled clumsily with his soaked briefs and jeans and quickly tried to hide his manhood. He hoisted his briefs back up and he shuddered slightly at the cold wetness that hugged his balls and penis tightly. His jeans followed soon afterwards, and he shuddered again at the cold wetness and the sheer weight of his soaked jeans.

“We’re really sorry” Emily said blushing like a traffic light “this” she said gesturing to her boyfriends’-soaked jeans “was an accident, we’ll clean it up” she said, finishing her brief explanation. “It’s fine” the young woman responded quickly and awkwardly “but um, you should know that there is a camera in there” she said pointing towards a corner of the elevator “and it is manned twenty-four hours a day, live” she added. Both Jackson and Emily blushed bright red. “I, um, I’m sorry” Jackson said awkwardly.

The three stood in an awkward silence for what felt like an eternity before Emily finally made the first move to break the standoff. “We’re on the ninth, if we take it up, we’ll hold it there and clean it” she said in apology. “That would be good” the woman said whilst nodding awkwardly. Emily mashed the button for the ninth floor again and as the door closed on their humiliation she sighed deeply, and then burst into laughter. Jackson stared at Emily in utter confusion.

“What is funny about this?” he asked in confusion, “nothing really, but also kinda everything” she responded before bursting into laughter again. “Urghh I’m gunna wee myself” she said whilst laughing in hysterics. Jackson didn’t understand what was so funny. He had been humiliated twice. Caught in a sex act. Caught wetting his pants, both live and on camera and then he was denied the opportunity to fuck his girlfriend. Not his best day, he thought to himself ruefully. It was two weeks later when the footage of him wetting his pants arrived in his email inbox. It was then he finally understood why Emily had laughed about it so much. It was outrageous. Ridiculous. Outlandish, but it was life.

