Sutubaa Accident

Author: snuggly-omo

*000*2016-08-02 07:52

It was a nice summer day, a man named Todomatsu was working his best at the Sutubaa Café. He worked there will two girls, Aida, and Sacchi. Sometimes, a man named Atushi would go to the Café. Todomatsu was good friends with him amd also had a sercret crush on Atsushi.

It was packed at the Sutubaa, there was a long line of people waiting to make their orders. Todomatsu kept drinking a lot of cold water to beat the heat. He didn't keep track of how much he was drinking, and he'd regret it later. "It's such a nice day, isn't it, Totty?" Aida said as she leaned on the counter. "Definitely!" Todomatsu said with a bright smile on his face. He was cleaning the counters when he noticed a slight urge to use the bathroom. He starred off into space. "Damn it! I was just on my break, I have another hour until my next one. It's not that bad anyway, I can hold it." Todomatsu thought to himself. "Are you okay Todo-kun?" Sacchi asked with a look of concern on her face. "I'm fine, don't worry about it." Todomatsu replied nervously.

Todomatsu knew he was done for. Ever since birth we was cursed with the weakess bladder. His older brothers always teased him about how often he'd pee himself or wet the bed. He was bladder shy and would never tell anyone about his urge. Even at school he was too embarassed. He would not even tell his mother or father if he had to go. He's not very good at hiding his desperation, when his brothers find out they sometimes would make him wet hiself on purpose just to humiliate him.

He started trembling and blushing. He squeezed his legs together a bit and continued taking orders. He shifted as he took a women's order. "Are you sure you're okay, Todo-kun?" Sacchi asked. "I could take over for you if you'd like." Todomatsu looked at Sacchi and gave her a nervous smile. "N-no, that's okay. I'm f-fine." He replied while clenching his teeth. Sacchi shruged and continued doing her work and chatting with Aida at the same time. Just them, five recognizable faces came through the door. "Great! Just great!" Todomatsu mumbled to himself. "This day cannot get any worse, can it?"

Todomatsu's five older brothers came to visit. "Hey, Totty!" Osomatsu said as he ruffled his youngest brothers hair. "Are you having a good day so far?" He rubbed his nose. Todomatsu was about to answer but his need was getting worse. He blushed brighter and looked at the clock. "Forty more minutes..." He said to himself. Osomatsu looked confused. "Forty more minutes until what?" he asked being the nosy brother he was. "Th-that's none of your business!" Todomatsu said annoyed. Osomatsu walked away and sat with the rest of his brothers.

Todomatsu shifted around as he worked. He started grabbing himself from time to time. He tried thinking of something to take his mind of his urge, but he couldn't. He was whimpering and whining, hoping no one would notice him, especially his brothers. "Do you need a break? We can give you one if you need one." Aida said to Todomatsu. "I already t-told you...I-I'm fine." Aida gave Totty a confused look. "Alright. Can you deliver this tray over to your brothers?" She asked handing him a tray with desserts and drinks on it. "Y-yeah, sure." He grabbed the tray and slowly walked over to his brothers, hunched over a bit. "I'm so doomed!" He whispered to himself. He squeezed his legs tighter than before and moaned.

He placed the tray on the table and turned around. "Hey wait a second." Choromatsu said. "Come talk to your older brothers for a minute." Totty started dancing around and moving his legs up and down. "Wh-what do guys want?" He asked biting his bottom lip. His brothers knew what was going on, they knew about Totty's urge. Osomatsu smiled and looked at Todomatsu. "Why a-are you looking at me like that?" Totty asked, nervously. He was still trembling, at this point he couldn't stop. His brothers didn't give a reply, instead one of them stood up. It was Karamatsu, he was usally th nicest brother, but he wanted to embarass Totty. "K-Karamatsu Nii-san, wh-what are you doing?!" Totty asked while being frightened. Karamatsu didn't reply. He pushed Todomatsu's bladder and laughed. Todomatsu let out a small squirt and gasped in horror. He could feel a wet spot forming on his jeans. He looked at a few small drops that hit the floor and blushed.

All his brothers laughed. "Looks like somone needs pee~" Ichimatsu teased. "Haha! Nii-san is weak!" Jyushimatsu said as he pressed on Todo's bladder. Another few drops hit the ground and Totty's legs started shaking. "G-guys, please s-stop." Todomatsu pleaded. His eyes were filling with tears as he noticed a bigger wet spot on his jeans. Choromatsu chuckled a bit at his youngest brother. Totty walked away slowly and looked at the clock again. "Crap! Twenty more minutes." He mumbled as he grabbed himself while walking back to the counter. Osomatsu walked up to Todomatsu and grabbed him in a headlock. "Hey Totty~" he said. Todomatsu gulped and looked at Oso. "There's something we gotta show you!" He exclaimed as he dragged his brother.

Todomatsu whined and kicked the ground. "Nii-san! Let me go!" He cried as his bladder kept getting worse and worse by the second. "Heh heh, okay." Osomatsu let go of Totty. Todomatsu sighed in relief. Just then Jyushimatsu heald Totty in an ocotopus hold. Everyone in the café was watching, even Aida and Sacchi. "It's alright everyone! We're only playing!" Karamatsu shouted. Todomatsu squirmed and whined. He was on the verge of crying. Ichimatsu grabbed Todo's phone and started showing Totty pictures of waterfalls that Todomatsu had taken pictures of.

His desperation was getting worse by looking at the pictures. He kept kicking the ground and wailing. His break was in 5 minutes and he wasn't sure how much longer he'd last. "Guys! P-please stop it! I'm about to pee myself!" He yelled. Everyone and Sutubaa could hear him. Some people started laughing. Jyushimatsu finally let go of Todo and laughed. "Nii-san is no fun!"

Todomatsu danced around again and starting walking to the bathroom while grabbing himself. As we walked he squirted a bit. He suddenly stopped walking and his eyes widend. "No!" He shouted as his face turned bright red. "Th-this can't be happening! No, not now!"

His eyes filled with tears as a yellow warm flow of liquid streamed down his legs. His face was am even brighter red than before. He felt his face burning. His legs were shaking and his heart was racing. He panted, he did think it felt good to finally relase his bladder, but we was still embarassed. Everyone was looking at him, even one of his brothers was filming and taking pictures. The stream finally stopped. A giant yellow puddle was around his feet.

He fell on his knees and started crying. His brothers laughed at him and teased them. "Totty?! Are you okay?!" Aida and Sacchi exclaimed as they ran over with towels. Osomatsu walked over to the two girls trying to help the poor Todomatsu, who was still crying. "He's fine." Oso began as he rubbed her nose. "He wets himself all the time. Out of our entire family, he's got the weakest bladder. And sadly for him, he's bladder shy. And geez, he wets the bed all the time, almost every night. And he's frightened so easily that he'll piss himself." Osomatsu laughed and was about to keep talking about his brother's bladder problems.

"Shut up!" Totty screamed as he still cried. Osomatsu walked away while looking at his brother. "Jeez". Totty knew that had to of been the worst day of his life. He thought nothing could worse, but of course, it did. Todomatsu's crush, Atsushi, saw the whole thing and heard everything Oso said. Totty started crying even louder than he already was. His brothers stopped laughing and felt bad for his brother.

Atsushi kneeled down next to Todomatsu. Atsushi patted Totty on the back and started comforting him. "Shhh, it's okay." He whispered while rubbing Todo's back. He started to clam down, his face was still burning but he was feeling better. Atushi helped Totty up and hugged him. "I'll drive you home," Atsushi said. Totty looked at Atushi and gave a small smile. "O-okay..." He sniffled and whiped his tears away.

