A Girls' Night Out

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-05-07 05:10

This one's another commission, and is something of a sequel of a story I posted a while back called the Senior Trip, staring the same characters, Nicole and Taylor. You don't need to read that story to understand this one, as this is set much later and explores their dislike of public toilets while bar-hopping! I hope you all enjoy!

A Girls' Night Out

Taylor let out a sigh as she flopped onto the bed in her dorm room. She glared at her phone sitting limply in her hand and rolled over as she looked at the time. It was 8 PM on a Saturday night, the prime time for a college student like herself to be out doing something fun, and yet she was sitting here in her dorm, alone.

It wasn’t like she hadn’t made plans for tonight. A friend of hers from her biology class had the brilliant idea to set Taylor up on a blind date with someone she insisted would be her type. Taylor was skeptical, of course. She didn’t really have an interest in dating anyone at the moment, and even if she did, she wasn’t too keen on the idea of going out with a stranger, but Stephanie had been insistent that the two were just perfect for each other, and Taylor eventually acquiesced.

So, Taylor had gotten ready for the blind date. She styled her brown hair into a wavy side ponytail and picked out an outfit that struck the right balance of sexy and elegant. Her top was a frilled black blouse with a bright rose pattern she left unbuttoned just enough to show off a taste of her cleavage without being overly revealing, and down below she wore a tight skirt that showed off her hips and plenty of leg. She had dolled herself up with a bit more makeup than she normally would, going a bit heavier on the eyeshadow and blush than normal, but not enough to overdo it.

However, just as she had been ready to leave, she got a call from Stephanie, apologizing and saying that her mystery date for the night had cancelled on her at the last minute. Over the phone, she sounded as annoyed about it as Taylor was and apologized profusely, so Taylor wasn’t that mad at her. In fact, part of her was relieved she didn’t have to deal with the awkwardness of a date with someone you didn’t even know. Yet that didn’t change the fact that she was now all dressed up with no place to go, and it was pretty late to try making plans with anyone.

Taylor glanced around her dorm room and her eyes fell upon the tv across from her bed. It looked like tonight was going to be a night of binging tv shows by herself instead of doing anything productive.

She stretched and lifted herself off the bed, heading towards the door to her dorm to grab some snacks. If she was going to stay cooped up in her dorm watching Netflix, she at least wanted something decent to munch on.

However, just as she resigned herself too that fate, she heard her phone buzz from her nightstand. She rushed over to it and smiled. It was Nicole. The two had stayed in touch after graduation, though they were now going to different colleges, and didn’t see each other as often as Taylor would have liked. Still, she was grateful whenever they did get to chat, so she happily looked down at her phone to read the message.

“Hey, this is kind of last-minute, but me and Rose were gonna go bar-hopping tonight, wanna come?”

Taylor’s face immediately lit up. This was perfect! She wouldn’t have to be home alone all night after all!

“Sure thing! Where we meeting up, the usual?”

It didn’t take long for Nicole to respond.

“No, we were gonna check out that new bar that opened up near us. Loui’s I think it’s called. The roomie swears their margaritas are the best. Never been there though.”

Nicole linked to the address and Taylor opened it up with her GPS app. While it was only a short walk from Nicole and Rose’s school, it was a good thirty minute drive from her dorm. She could drive there, but she wasn’t sure how to deal with the car if she was going to be drinking all night. She was just about to bring this up, but Nicole already had a plan.

“You can drive to my place and crash here for the night, roomie won’t mind.”

“Thanks,” Taylor shot back quickly, “On my way.”

Taylor took one last look in the mirror and fixed herself up before grabbing her purse, making sure her ID and her wallet were in there. She stepped out of her room and into her dorm’s common room, where her roommate, Jen, was sitting on the couch, surrounded by textbooks and model organs.

“Oh wow, you’re all dressed up,” Jen pointed out, looking up from her notes, “Going somewhere fun tonight?”

“Yeah, I’m going out bar hopping with some friends, I’ll be crashing with them tonight, so I won’t be home later.”

“Sounds good!” Jen smiled, “Man, the whole dorm to myself for the night, and I’m stuck studying for my anatomy exam. I swear I’m gonna wind up bashing my skull-- oh, I’m sorry, cranium-- against the wall.”

“Oh yikes. Sorry about that,” Taylor laughed, “Well, good luck with the exam, and maybe once it’s over we can hang out next weekend!”

“Yeah, that sounds good, if I survive,” Jen joked. She turned her attention back to her studying, and Taylor left the dorm room.

She made her way down to the parking lot and into her car, hopping in and quickly setting out on the road. Taylor was excited, it had been far too long since she had hung out with either Nicole or Rose. The two had landed themselves at the same state university, whereas Taylor had gotten into a medical college. Her coursework and her part-time job kept her rather busy, and lining up everyone’s schedules so they were all free at the same time was a nightmare. However, that made nights like tonight, where everything lined up perfectly, a rare treat.

As Taylor drove, she noticed the small, telltale twinges of pressure from her abdomen and she looked down. She had forgotten to head to the bathroom before leaving. Her penchant for avoiding public restrooms had not waned from her time in high school, especially since one of her frequent duties at her part-time job was cleaning the bathrooms. It would no doubt be even worse at a bar where alcohol was involved. Taylor figured it would be a good idea to go at Nicole’s apartment before they set off.

As Taylor kept on driving, she got lost in the music she was playing and the excitement for the night’s escapades, and the slight urge to pee left her mind entirely. Before she knew it, she was pulling into the parking lot of Nicole’s dorm. Before she had even stopped, she caught sight of Nicole and Rose heading down to meet her.

Nicole was wearing a light blue tank top and a frilled black skirt, with a number of bracelets around her wrists and black thigh high socks with white sneakers. Her dirty blonde hair was cut into a short bob and she went light on the makeup as usual, giving her a rather tomboyish appearance.

Rose was wearing a deep blue party dress with frills down the front. It was low-cut and showed off a good amount of cleavage and was short enough to show off her thighs a bit. Her strawberry blonde hair curled and waved over her shoulders, with pink highlights and tips. She beamed at Taylor and hugged her as she rushed up to her.

“Taylor, it’s been ages!”

“I know, It’s so good to see you!”

“Wow, you really dressed up for this, huh?” Nicole pointed out, giving Taylor a once-over.

“Ah, well, actually, one of my new friends set me up on a blind date, but things fell through.”

“Haha, what, did he get cold feet or something?” Rose asked.

“I dunno, all I know is that Steph-- she was the one who set us up-- told me he canceled last minute.”

“Bummer,” Nicole replied, “Sorry you’re stuck with us instead of getting some action.”

“Are you kidding?” Taylor smiled, playfully punching Nicole’s arm lightly, “I’d much rather hang with you two than go on a date with some jerk I don’t know.”

“Anyway, the bar’s this way from here,” Rose pointed down the sidewalk, “It’s only a five-minute walk.”

The three set off down the road towards the bar, and Taylor remembered that she was supposed to ask to use the bathroom at Nicole’s before they set off. She had expected to go up to Nicole’s apartment and meet with them there before they set off, but since they had come down to meet her, asking at this point would be a bigger interruption. Nicole was pretty accustomed to her habit of not using public bathrooms, and in fact was also prone to avoiding them, but Rose would probably just tell her to wait until they got to the bar. Besides, Taylor didn’t really need to go. She knew the alcohol would affect her later, but for now, she wanted to enjoy her time with her friends.

It wasn’t long before the three reached the bar. They had gotten there at the perfect time. While the bar was pretty crowded, they managed to arrive just as a large group was leaving, so they nabbed a booth pretty easily. Nicole ordered them all margaritas and some bar snacks, and soon the girls had tall glasses in one hand and chips and dip in the other.

“Wow, these are really fucking good,” Nicole exclaimed, taking a sip of her drink.

“Yeah,” Rose nodded, “Alex sure knows how to pick a good bar.”

“Alex?” Taylor asked.

“That’s my roommate,” Nicole answered, “I always call him roomie when I text you, though. I think you met him once, right?”

“No, he was out last last time I came over,” Taylor asked, “Also wait, you’re rooming with a guy?”

“Oh, yeah,” Nicole nodded, pausing to take another big sip from her drink, “The apartment complex is affiliated with the college, but it has its own rules, so co-ed roommates are allowed, as long as you tell them you’re fine with it. They try not to, but I guess they had some trouble this year.”

“Oh yikes,” Taylor frowned, “I had no idea. That sounds like it would be really awkward.”

“It’s not, he’s super chill,” Nicole shrugged off, “We play video games and talk cars and stuff sometimes.”

Taylor nodded, though she still couldn’t imagine having to share a dorm, or even an apartment, with a guy. Even with Jen, it was awkward enough the first few days having to learn to share a living space with someone you never met. She had to share a fridge, a kitchenette, and not to mention a bathroom.

Speaking of bathrooms, Taylor was about halfway through her margarita, and it was really starting to hit her. The alcohol burned on the way down and she felt a tingling in her bladder. Alcohol always had this effect on her. It was an immediate tingling urge to pee that hit pretty quickly after the first sips. She had unfortunately discovered this tendency on her 21st birthday when she went out with Jen for her first legally purchased cocktails. She had been just as stubborn about not using the public bathroom then as she was now, and she didn’t make it back to the dorm before the floodgates burst.

She shuffled slightly under the table, and looked towards the bathroom sign at the back of the bar. She shook her head. It was tempting, but she wasn’t desperate yet. The public bathrooms were an absolute last resort.

Nicole downed her first drink before either Taylor or Rose had finished more than half, so she wound up getting up and ordering another round for them. Once she returned, Taylor felt the need to quicken her pace a little. Nicole was definitely a heavyweight, but she wasn’t going to be outdone by her friend so soon.

“Oh, by the way,” Taylor asked, trying to take her mind off the subtle sensation of pressure building in her abdomen, “How are you and Jacob, Rose?”

“Oh,” Rose looked over at Nicole, then looked down at the table awkwardly.

“Oh sorry, I didn’t tell her,” Nicole apologized.

“What, what’s wrong, did you guys-”

“We broke up yesterday,” Rose answered, “T-that’s part of the reason I wanted to head out tonight and just go bar hopping.”

“Oh no, I’m sorry,” Taylor asked, “I’m sorry I brought it up, we don’t have to talk about it.”

“No, it’s fine,” Rose shook her head, “It wasn’t a bad break up or anything. Jake got an opportunity to study in Japan for a few years. It’s something he’s always wanted to do.”

“He was always such a weeb,” Nicole shook her head.

“It’s fine,” Rose continued, “Of course I’m supportive of it, and I’m happy for him, but… neither of us think we’re ready for that kind of long distance relationship.”

“I’m so sorry, Rose,” Taylor wrapped her arms around her from the side, since they were on the same side of the booth, “I can’t imagine how difficult of a decision that was for you.”

“I almost wish we had broken up over something worse, then at least I could be mad at him, but like this, it’s just…” Rose trailed off, looking up at her first, half-finished margarita. She downed the rest in one go and slammed it on the table. She then reached for the second one and took a heavy swig.

“Easy there,” Nicole chimed in.

“Whooo!” Rose exclaimed, “Sorry for bringing down the mood. I came here to get my mind off things, so let’s have fun!”

“Yeah!” Taylor joined in, raising her second drink to her lips and taking a big swig as well.

“Fine, I won’t be left out either!”

Nicole raised her own glass and hammered down her whole second drink in one go, and the three laughed. They changed topics to something lighter, gossiping and smiling, abuzz with alcohol. Of course, the stunt had done a number on Taylor’s bladder, which was filling alarmingly quickly. She shuffled her legs under the table and took another glance towards the back at the bathrooms.

Out of the corner of her eye, she also caught Nicole shifting around a bit. She knew her friend well, and recognized her movements as the tell-tale sign that Nicole also needed to pee. Nicole had downed both drinks and was eyeing the bar like she was going to order another one, but she was sitting stiffly and it was clear she had her legs crossed under the table. Taylor then turned to glance at Rose, but she was giving no outward signs that she was in the same boat as her and Nicole.

“I’m ordering another drink, anyone want anything?” Nicole asked.

“Sure, I’ll take a mojito,” Rose answered, “This place has really good limes.”

“I’m good,” Taylor shook her head, “I assume this isn’t the last place we’re going tonight, so I wanna pace myself.”

She neglected to add that part of pacing herself was making sure her bladder wasn’t filling up too fast, especially with no relief in sight.

“Lame,” Nicole teased, but nodded and stood up. Taylor watched her walk over to the bar, and took keen notice as she stood there, waiting. She was bouncing from foot to foot slightly. To anyone else, it would look like she was just being impatient, but Taylor knew better. She wasn’t anxiously waiting for the bartender to be free, she was fighting a filling bladder.

While Nicole was ordering, Rose looked over at Taylor, “So, you were gonna go on a blind date, huh?”

“Oh,” Taylor whirled around, “Y-yeah, I guess. Before things fell through.”

“So, does that mean you’re looking for anyone right now?” Rose asked, smirking. It was clear from her voice that she was definitely buzzed. She leaned towards Taylor as she waited for a response.

“No, not particularly,” Taylor answered, “Really I just agreed because Steph was insistent on it.”

“Ah, that makes sense,” Rose nodded, then looked Taylor up and down, “Still, I can tell you cared a little bit. You’re dressed up more than normal.”

“Well, I didn’t want to show up looking like a total slob,” Taylor answered, “Besides, if I made a good impression, who knows how things would’ve gone?”

“Ah, so it’s more of a ‘I’m not looking for anyone right now, but if I find someone, I’m game’ kinda thing?” Rose asked again. She leaned in further, to the point where Taylor could smell the tequila on her breath. Taylor shuffled slightly, both from the close proximity to Rose, but also from her filling bladder.

“Something like that,” Taylor answered, “Though really, I’d much rather focus on hanging out with my friends than looking for a dating life when I’m already swamped with stuff.”

“Ah, yeah,” Rose responded, pulling back slightly, “I don’t envy your coursework. I was shocked a few years back when Nicole first told me you were going to med school.”

“I’m back, bitches,” Nicole announced, carrying a mojito and a highball glass filled with a blue layered drink that got darker near the top. Taylor was acutely aware of the sloshing sounds made by the drinks, and she squeezed her thighs together as her bladder sent her another nagging signal.

“Oh, what’s that?” Rose asked, taking her drink from Nicole and pointing at the other one.

“It’s called the oil spill,” Nicole replied, “It’s basically a long island iced tea, but with blue curacao and dark rum, and instead of coke it’s topped with Dr. Pepper.”

“Isn’t a long island iced tea filled with booze?” Taylor asked.

“Haha, fuck yeah it is,” Nicole smirked and took a big sip from the glass.

Just the thought of all that alcohol made Taylor’s bladder spasm, and she crossed her legs under the table. She had about half of her last drink left, so she planned on sipping it slowly while the other two finished their new drinks. She glanced at her phone for the time. 10:00 PM. The night was still young, and knowing them they weren’t going to call it quits anytime soon. Taylor knew her bladder wouldn’t hold out for the rest of the night, but if she could avoid it from filling up on their first stop, that would be ideal.

Taylor watched as Nicole and Rose took big swigs from their drinks and she brought hers to her lips to join them. The alcohol hit her and went straight to her bladder, and she wriggled her legs underneath the table. She looked over to Nicole and spotted her squirming in place a bit as the much stronger drink hit her. Even Rose seemed like she was starting to show signs of needing to pee, keeping her legs pressed together and resting one hand on her dress between her thighs, as if she wanted to hold herself.

The girls talked and chatted until their drinks were empty, and by the time they were ready to leave, Taylor was really feeling her full bladder. She was finding it harder and harder to keep still, and she was sure soon the others would notice. Nicole herself seemed restless, and Taylor caught her rubbing her abdomen a few times. Rose as well seemed like she was getting desperate too, and Taylor knew it was only a matter of time before they were all bursting.

The only difference was, Rose wouldn’t be shy about using the toilets. Her and Nicole, on the other hand….

She wasn’t sure how they would make it through the rest of the night like this.

“Let’s get going,” Nicole suggested, standing up carefully, “I heard a bar about two blocks down is doing karaoke night. That’ll be a fun disaster to watch.”

“Okay,” Taylor agreed, “But if Rose gets plastered and starts singing-”

“Hey,” Rose playfully slapped her, “That was the one time! And Jake coaxed me into it.”

Rose’s face fell at mentioning Jake, and Taylor felt bad for bringing it up again. She was about to say something, when Rose looked at Taylor, who was blocking her from standing up from the booth.

“Move, or are we gonna sit here all night?”

“Sorry,” Taylor smiled, glad that Rose wasn’t dwelling on it.

Taylor stood up, and suddenly she was hit by a strong wave of desperation. She squeezed her thighs together and shuffled out of the way awkwardly so Rose could stand up. She felt like she was going to leak, and she couldn’t help but dance in place a little. She managed to regain control before Rose was out of the booth and ready to set out with them.

The three exited the bar when Rose suddenly stopped. She danced in place a little and turned back longingly at the doors.

“Sorry, you two, I really gotta go. I know you’re not supposed to break the seal early, and I was hoping to make it to the next bar, but-”

“Go on,” Nicole urged, “We’ll wait.”

Rose smiled, turning back around into the bar.

Now that it was just the two of them, Nicole immediately buried both hands between her legs, practically doubling over as she shifted her weight from foot to foot.

“Fuck, I gotta piss like crazy,” Nicole announced openly, “What about you?”

“Yeah,” Taylor nodded, “I’ve gotta go pretty bad.”

“Figured. We never liked using public restrooms. Do you think you can make it to the next bar?”

“I think so,” Taylor answered, though in reality she wasn’t sure. Standing up had made things so much worse, and her bladder was starting to bulge out against the waistband of her skirt. The alcohol wasn’t helping things, only heightening her desperation by the minute.

Rose then came walking out of the bar, still shuffling awkwardly. The two turned to her, and saw the sour expression on her face.

“They wouldn’t let me go. Said I had to be a paying patron, as though we hadn’t just sat here for an hour and a half.”

“Oh shoot, you gonna be okay?” Nicole asked.

“I think so, if we hurry,” Rose answered.

The three made their way down the street towards the next bar, all shuffling a bit awkwardly, both from the alcohol and from their full bladders. Taylor kept looking over at Nicole, who was playing with her skirt and squeezing her thighs together with every step. Rose was bent over, hobbling with a hand rubbing her abdomen. Taylor herself desperately wanted to grab her crotch and hold it openly, but she settled for a tight walk that kept her legs close together as she tried not to focus on her swollen bladder.

They were about halfway when Nicole stopped, biting her lip, “Shit, I’m not gonna make it.”

Rose looked over at her, “You have to go too?”

“Yeah,” Nicole nodded, “I was trying to hold it until the next bar, but I’m starting to leak here. I’m gonna wet myself at this rate.”

“Shoot,” Taylor frowned, even though she was nearly in a similar boat. She looked around, “Hey, there’s an alley over there. It’s pretty dark.”

“Wait, you’re gonna piss here?” Rose’s eyes widened incredulously.

“I’m gonna piss here no matter what, I can’t hold it anymore,” Nicole announced, “Might as well do it on purpose rather than by accident.”

“I’m gonna go too, I’m bursting,” Taylor agreed. As if on cue, she was hit with another spasm from her bladder, and she squeezed her legs together and grabbed herself quickly.

“Come on, Rose,” Nicole urged, “You gotta go too, right?”

“Y-yeah, but,” Rose paused, “I can’t, I’m not going in an alleyway! What if we get caught?”

Nicole was going to argue, but then she gasped and doubled over again, “Suit yourself, I need to go!”

Nicole and Taylor hobbled down the alley as Rose stood there, dancing in place awkwardly. She looked down and watched them, then looked around nervously. At least she was playing lookout.

Nicole and Taylor both quickly hiked their skirts up, and Taylor watched Nicole slip her panties all the way off, down her legs, and throw them into her bag.

“What the hell?” Taylor asked.

“They’re wet, I’ve been leaking,” Nicole admitted, “I don’t want to sit the rest of the night in wet panties.”

Taylor settled for simply moving hers out of the way, as the two bent down. Nicole almost immediately started peeing, but it took Taylor a few moments to start. Their pee splashed out onto ground in the alley, making a loud pattering sound that was thankfully drowned out by the sounds of the city around them.

Taylor had only just started feeling some relief when Rose called out from the alley entrance in a hushed whisper, “You two, someone’s coming!”

“Shit,” Nicole cursed.

Taylor struggled to close the floodgates now that they were open, letting out a few more spurts before she could clamp her legs together and stop. She felt herself leak a little into her panties as she stemmed off the flow. Nicole had a harder time, leaking quite a bit before finally being able to stand upright and fix herself up. Taylor did the same. It was lucky that they were both wearing skirts.

The two quickly exited the alleyway and started walking just as a police officer came into view. He shined his light down the alleyway, but the girls had just about made it, looking natural enough that he merely spared them a passing glance before continuing down the sidewalk.

They had avoided an embarrassing conversation with a cop and a potential arrest, but Nicole and Taylor were still bursting. While her bladder had tasted some relief, Taylor felt like she had to go worse than before. However, it seemed Nicole was dealing with it much better than her.

“I let enough out that I can make it to the next bar,” Nicole announced.

“Let’s hurry, I’m seriously bursting here,” Rose complained.

“You should’ve gone with us,” Nicole smirked, “Just enough to let a little out.”

“If I hadn’t been here to warn you two, we would’ve all gotten caught,” Rose countered.

“How you holding up, Taylor?” Nicole asked.

“I didn’t get to go as much as you, so I’m still pretty full,” Taylor admitted.

“Well, it’s not too far until the next bar,” Rose pointed out, “We’ll make it.”

Taylor nodded. She wasn’t doubting that she’d make it to the next bar. The only problem was what would she do when she got there? Was she really going to use the public bathrooms? She shook her head, she’d figure that out when she got there.

The three hobbled along awkwardly until the bar was in sight, and Rose, clearly bursting at this point, rushed the rest of the way up to the entrance. Taylor was less eager to run, but she hobbled close behind, with Nicole taking stiff steps to keep pace. The three fell into line at the entrance, and Taylor could barely stand still as she had her ID checked. Soon, however, all three of them were in.

“Let’s go,” Rose motioned, making a beeline for the bathroom. Taylor and Nicole, however, hesitated. Noticing this, Rose turned around, dancing in place as she waited for them to follow, “Come on, I can’t hold it anymore.”

“Um, yeah,” Nicole nodded.

Taylor and Nicole followed Rose awkwardly into the women’s restroom. However, when they got there, they found that only one stall was available. Taylor actually let out a sigh of relief. Despite the fact that she was bursting, she didn’t want to use the restroom, and this way, she and Nicole had an excuse not to.

“You go on ahead, Rose,” Taylor urged, “We got a bit of relief from the alley, you need it more.”

Rose didn’t protest. She jammed her hand between her legs and quickly rushed over to the stall, leaving Taylor and Nicole standing awkwardly in the bathroom.

“Okay, now what?” Taylor looked over at Nicole.

“Follow me, I have an idea,” Nicole smirked.

The two made their way out of the bathroom and to a dark booth in the back of the bar, farthest away from the bartender or any patrons. Nicole sat down and urged Taylor to do so as well.

“Let’s go here.”

“What?” Taylor asked, wide-eyed.

“Come on, no one will notice,” Nicole urged, “It’s dark, we’re both wearing skirts. Hell, I’m not even wearing panties.”

“Yeah, but, we can’t just-”

“Come on, what’s the worst that’ll happen? We’ll get caught and they’ll kick us out? We were planning on going to other bars tonight anyway.”

“Yeah, but-”

“Listen,” Nicole leaned forwards, “I know you’re at your limit, and I am too. We’re not going to make it the rest of the night like this, and I know both of us are more likely to piss ourselves than use a gross public toilet at a bar.”

Taylor sighed. Nicole was right on all counts, and worse still, her swollen bladder wasn’t giving her many options either.

“Alright,” Taylor nodded.

Taylor awkwardly shuffled so she could slip her panties down, and the two got into position, shifting to the edge of the seats so they were positioned to pee on the floor. Nicole let out a few spurts before her stream started up in full force, and she was forced to hold it back to not spray Taylor’s legs. Taylor herself felt her dam burst, and she fought hard to taper the flow to avoid Nicole’s shoes.

Nicole let out a moan of relief, and Taylor blushed at the realization of what they were doing. She felt her body shudder as her tired muscles finally relaxed, and the immense pressure from her bladder slowly subsided.

“Shit, someone’s coming, stop,” Nicole urged.

Taylor struggled to stem her flow, getting it down to a leaking trickle as she tried to look natural. Nicole bit her lip as she clamped herself shut, though she couldn’t help but let out a few leaks, her muscles exhausted after holding it in and stopping once before.

Luckily, the person passing them by was totally drunk off her ass, wavering with each step as she hobbled to the bathroom. She stepped right into the puddle the two were leaving in the aisle between the tables, but she didn’t even notice as she walked right past them.

Not a second too soon, as Nicole practically exploded again, her stream spraying out as she practically doubled over the table. Taylor herself practically burst again after the ordeal. No longer caring about restraining their streams, the two peed full-force and uncontrollably.

The two didn’t know how long they were sitting there before their streams tapered off. Taylor wanted nothing more than to bask in the sheer relief from finally having let it all out, but she knew Rose was bound to be finishing up in the bathroom any minute, and if she caught the two pissing back here, she wouldn’t let either of them live it down.

Nicole seemed to know this as well, as she righted herself pretty quickly. Taylor, on the other hand, was having a hard time fixing her panties. It was an easy matter to slide them off discreetly, but putting them back on was another matter.

“Leave them off,” Nicole suggested, “We might need to do something like this again, especially now that we’ve broken the seal.”

Taylor blushed, but Nicole was right, and Nicole was already going commando. Taylor acquiesced and slipped her panties down her legs, placing them into her bag and standing up. She felt a bit exposed and embarrassed, but that feeling was outweighed by the sheer relief now that she was empty.

The two quickly met back up with Rose, who had gotten out of the bathroom and was looking for them at the front of the bar.

“Sorry, we were trying to find a good place to sit,” Nicole lied.

“Ah, that makes sense. You two went, right?” Rose asked.

“Oh yeah, we feel much better,” Taylor nodded.

“Great!” Rose smiled, oblivious to what her two friends had just done right there at the back of the bar. It was Taylor’s turn to order drinks, and she tipped generously to secretly make up for the mess they left at the back.

As the three grabbed their drinks and sat down, Taylor couldn’t help glance towards the back of the bar. Nicole caught her staring, and smirked. Although Taylor’s heart was racing just thinking about it, it had been a little fun.

The night was young, and there was plenty more drinking to do. Not to mention they would have to stay hydrated with all the alcohol. Nicole was right. They very well need to do something like that again before the night was over. Though, unlike earlier, Taylor wasn’t as concerned with pacing herself this time around.

The End

