Jemima's Long Tour

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-08-28 21:24

I have a few ideas for longer, chaptered stories, but this isn't one of them. Mostly, I'm just lazy, so I write my one-shot ideas before I commit to longer things :) Hope you like it!

###

Jemima Hughes winced as she walked down the stairs of her grandparents’ big ranch house – her new home, she supposed. This was her first official day living on the ranch, and her grandmother, Rosemary, had insisted that she wear these trousers. Levi’s, Rosemary had called them, as if a fancy name disguised the fact that they were made for men.

“Ain’t no use trying to get around on horseback all day in one of your pretty little gowns. All the women out here wear ‘em,” Rosemary had said.

So on top of moving all the way to Texas from Boston to be surrounded by strangers on a dusty, dirty, hot ranch without so much as a domestic to help with her hair and clothes, she was now to wear men’s pants on a fairly regular basis. Just wonderful.

Jemima’s mother, Anna, had been raised on the ranch, but had left at 16 when her father, Jeremiah, the wealthy son of a banker, had swept through the area on a fact-finding mission for investors back east. Jeremiah had been taken with Anna’s beauty and a level of sophistication he found incongruous against her rural upbringing, and Anna had fallen for Jeremiah’s easy smile and the opportunity to make a life for herself undefined by cattle.

Jemima had been born in Boston and lived her whole life in the bustle of the city. Living at the turn of the century was exciting, and Jemima loved both the society and the opportunities for education newly available to women. Well, to women with wealthy fathers, such as herself.

Though the Hughes’ had visited the ranch twice in Jemima’s lifetime, and Anna had made a point of encouraging regular, written correspondence with her grandparents, Jemima had never considered the possibility that she’s one day spend more than a month on the plains of Texas. But then, Anna’s younger brother had died in a wagon accident, and, less than a year later, her father suffered a fatal heart attack. Suddenly, the ranch was left without an obvious heir.

Over Jemima’s vehement protestations, her parents and grandmother had decided that it would be best for Jemima to come and live on the ranch for a “trial period.” At 18, she had completed finishing school but was still unmarried, so it was theorized that she had no “real” connections keeping her in Boston.

“You could learn to love Texas!” her parents had insisted, unconvincingly, but Jemima knew why she was really going. Her grandparents had no plans in place to sell the ranch, so sending Jemima was a way for everyone to pretend that it would remain in family hands until the proper legal and financial matters could be arrange. No one really thought that she could be satisfied living amidst the cows in the middle of nowhere, right?

But Jemima was jobless, husbandless, and female, so she had no real say over her own life, despite being 19 years old. Her train had arrived in Abilene the day before, then a driver had picked her up for a hot, bumpy carriage ride back to the ranch. She’d been exhausted and annoyed, but, as Rosemary had reminder her (far more harshly than necessary, Jemima thought), life on the ranch doesn’t slow down for newcomers. Instead of having an acceptable amount of time to recover from her lengthy journey, she’d be expected to start learning about the daily workings of the cattle business the very next day.

“Kip will show you around the property,” Rosemary had said, only explaining upon request that Kip was Christopher Connell, a 22-year-old cowhand who’d been working around the ranch for over a decade.

Jemima had vague memories of a boy named Kip from her last visit to the ranch. She’d been 12; he was 15. In her memory, he’d been sullen and brusque, with no patience for the prissy little granddaughter of the ranch owners. Of course, people could change plenty in 7 years, but her prior knowledge of Mr. Connell was doing nothing to alleviate Jemima’s apprehension about her first day on the ranch.

“Good morning, Grandmother,” Jemima greeted Rosemary as she walked into the breakfast room.

“Morning, Jemma,” Rosemary replied. “I see those clothes fit you well enough. I’ve ordered more from the outfitters in town. They’ll be here later this week.”

“Thank you,” Jemima said demurely. She didn’t relish the idea of Rosemary spending money on clothes that Jemima surely wouldn’t need after this six-month trial period was over, but she was even more put off by the idea of wearing the same few outfits over and over again. That would be completely unacceptable for a lady of her upbringing.

“Grab some toast and eggs,” Rosemary instructed. “Kip will be here to take you to the stables in about a half an hour.”

Toast and eggs? Jemima refrained from sighing. No pastries? No cold meats? She supposed getting accustomed to the bland, limited choice of breakfast was one of the many adjustments she’d have to endure for the next few months.

“Now, Kip knows this place as well as anyone,” Rosemary declared as Jemima nibbled on some toast. “But you’re still the boss. You have to be tough with these workers. You’ll learn what you’re doing soon enough, so you have to set a precedent that you won’t take any guff from anyone.”

“Yes, Grandmother,” Jemima acquiesced. She’d learned household management in finishing school, so of course she understood the necessity of a firm hand with domestics. How different could ranch hands be?

The sound of the door knocker echoed down the hallway. “That’ll be Kip,” Rosemary announced, rising from her chair. “Come on, girl.”

Stung by the juvenile title, Jemima followed her grandmother out to the porch and stopped abruptly.

Waiting on the steps was one of the best-looking men Jemima had ever seen. He was tall and broad-shouldered, muscles corded down his exposed forearms. He was rugged, certainly, but looked far cleaner than she’d imagined. And he looked about as eager to meet Jemima as he’d be to meet a rattlesnake on the trail.

“Morning, Mrs. Joseph,” Kip smiled affably at Rosemary.

“Morning, Kip,” Rosemary grinned back. “You remember my granddaughter, Jemima Hughes? I’d appreciate it if you could help her pick out a horse, then show her around the property a bit.”

“Miss Hughes,” Kip rumbled, tipping his hat in Jemima’s direction. He turned back toward Rosemary. “Of course, ma’am. I’ll do my best.”

Rosemary nodded and, without another word, walked back in the house. Miffed at her grandmother’s unceremonious exit, Jemima stared at her companion for the day.

“If you’ll follow me, please, Miss Hughes,” Kip requested, already walking down the porch stairs. “I’ll take you to the stables.”

Jemima nodded, though Kip wasn’t looking. She hurried to keep up with his long strides.

In the stables, Jemima relaxed a bit. This, at least, she knew she could do. She’d learned to ride at an early age at some of the finest equestrian centers in Massachusetts.

Almost immediately, she picked out a dark, paint mare, relishing the look of surprise on Kip’s face that indicated she’d chosen well. A young groom saddled the horse efficiently and led it over to a crate for Jemima to mount.

“Ready, Miss Hughes?” Kip drawled, nudging his own quarter horse alongside Jemima’s.

Jemima nodded, subtly imitating how Kip held his reins. “By your leave, Mr. Connell.”

Kip clacked his tongue, urging his horse outside. Jemima followed easily, and the tour began.

Kip started by leading Jemima around the main buildings – the stables, the mess hall, the hay barn – then worked his way outward, past the paddocks. The ranch was expansive, and he kept their pace slow so as not to pressure Miss Hughes, so they’d already been out over an hour.

“And, of course, the cattle are out grazing,” Kip explained, gesturing west. “Not much to see out there.”

“I’d like to see all the land I’m to own, Mr. Connell, if you please,” Jemima said sharply. She did want to learn about the land, but she also didn’t want Kip thinking he could get rid of her after only a cursory ride around.

Kip bobbed his head in deference. “My apologies, Miss Hughes. If you’d like, I’ll take you around the southern boundary of the property, but that’ll keep us out til lunch. Wouldn’t want you getting saddle sore.”

Jemima’s lip curled into a haughty sneer. “Your concern is duly noted, Mr. Connell, but I can handle myself on a horse.”

Kip gritted his teeth. “If you’ll follow me, then, ma’am.”

Although Kip wasn’t excited to play babysitter to the – in his opinion – spoiled city girl, his primary reasoning for encouraging a shortened tour was significantly more personal: he wanted to relieve himself.

Like most men on the ranch, Kip had been up since before 5 AM, putting in work before his 8 o’clock meeting with Miss Hughes. He’d lost track of time caring for a horse who’d thrown a shoe, so he hadn’t visited the latrines before making his way up to the big house. In the warm, dry Texas air, they all knew to keep well hydrated from their sizeable canteens. With the other men, no one questioned someone jogging off to the latrines or stepping behind a tree or a building, but Kip was fairly sure that Miss Hughes wasn’t used to open discussion of one’s voiding habits. He’d just have to wait.

“That’s a fine mount you have, Mr. Connell,” Jemima’s voice broke Kip’s thought process. Kip was prepared to dismiss her comment as a general compliment, but she continued. “Quarter horses are favored for cattle drives, of course, but yours appears at least a full hand larger than most I’ve seen.”

Kip tried not to betray his astonishment at Miss Hughes’ apparent knowledge of horses. “Yes, ma’am. His father was big enough, but Brutus here has grown beyond our expectations. He’s been mine since he was broke.” Kip smiled affectionately as he patted Brutus’ neck.

Jemima nodded, but was unsure how to continue the conversation. One typically didn’t make small talk with employees. Instead, she pointed off in the distance. “I see cattle up on that ridge. Where are we on the property?”

Kip’s smile vanished, and he started to explain the boundaries of the grazing land. As he was talking, Brutus stepped in an unexpected hole. The jolt shook Kip’s bladder, and he hissed through his teeth. Astride a large horse was certainly not the best position for someone who needed to urinate, but he’d have to make do.

They rode along the southern border of the ranch, and Kip did his best to answer Jemima’s detailed, yet condescending questions. Every time she opened her mouth, it seemed to be with the desire to prove to him that she knew enough, or could learn enough, about ranching to be an effective boss.

Finally, aided by a slightly faster riding pace, they reached the southwest corner of the property. Kip indicated as much, guessing that they had about an hour’s ride back to the stables if they cut through the meadows.

Jemima assented, unwilling to let Kip know just how tired she was. They’d ridden miles, and, though she considered herself an experience horsewoman, she was unaccustomed to long rides over uneven terrain in a Western saddle.

Though Kip didn’t know (or particularly care to know) the reason for the decrease in Miss Hughes’ questioning, he welcomed it. By not entertaining her, he could focus on clenching his muscles as much as possible with his thighs on opposite sides of his horse’s back. He could feel his need constantly now, but, with no big interruptions, he felt that he could make it the hour back to the compound.

About 45 minutes into their return, Jemima gasped suddenly, causing Kip to lose focus for a moment. He clenched his jaw and pressed into the saddle to regain control. He hadn’t actually leaked, but he’d come far too close for comfort.

“Mr. Connell!” Jemima cried in an exaggerated whisper. “A coyote!”

Kip followed her shaking, pointed finger, and just barely stopped himself from bursting out laughing.

“Miss Hughes,” he drawled, urging Brutus forward again. “That is a ranch dog. Ella, if I’m not mistaken. She is older ‘n dirt, and she wouldn’t hurt a fly, much less us or our horses.”

“Oh,” Jemima mumbled, chastened. She’d worked so hard all morning to ask intelligent, informed questions, and how she’d gone nearly hysterical over the most mundane of things. Pouting slightly, she dug her heels into her horse’s sides, overtaking Kip.

Letting Jemima ride in front of him a bit, Kip shifted in his saddle. The false excitement had heightened his desperation, and he couldn’t help but wiggle to maintain his hold. He couldn’t very well make Miss Hughes hurry back to the stables – not that he thought his bladder would necessarily be able to handle riding at a faster pace – so he’d just have to hold on until they reached the compound. Satisfied that Jemima wasn’t looking, he gripped his hand tightly around his dick. The move was embarrassing to think about, but ultimately brought a sense of relief and control.

The remaining ride back to the stables was relatively short and completely silent. Jemima was still sulking over how foolish she’d been made to look in her ignorance, and Kip had no desire to make small talk while all his concentration was bent on holding back the contents of his bladder.

Staying just behind Jemima’s paint, Kip gripped himself through him jeans a few more times before they finally reached the stables. The thought of impending relief only seemed to increase his desperation, but he was sure he could make it a few more minutes.

Back in the barn, one of the young stable boys grabbed the bridle of Miss Hughes’ horse so she could dismount. Kip took a second to prepare his pelvic muscles before sliding off Brutus. He gasped quietly, thinking he felt a few drops escape before regaining control.

He couldn’t afford to wait any longer. At this rate, he considered just pissing behind the corner of the building instead of heading back to the barracks – anything to get some relief. Seeing Miss Hughes safely on the ground and the horses being led away by the stable boy, Kip turned to leave.

“Excuse me, Mr. Connell.”

Kip groaned inwardly at the sound of Miss Hughes’ voice. Was he imagining it, or did she sound more imperious than ever? How could a woman even keep her voice that shrill after being out riding in the dirt all day?

Kip turned slowly. He felt his thighs shaking with strain. Carefully, under the guise of respect, he swept his hat from his head and held it in front of his crotch.

“Ma’am?” he replied evenly.

“Mr. Connell,” Jemima repeated. She lifted her chin, trying for authority, but achieving only arrogance. “I understand that a change in management is challenging for everyone-“

Management? Kip thought, incredulous even in his desperation. Woman makes this sound like a damn newspaper business, not a working ranch.

“-and that having a woman as your director may not be something that everyone is comfortable with right away-“

Kip refrained from rolling his eyes, but just barely. Did she forger that her own grandmother had been helping “direct” this place since before Jemima was born?

Kip’s sarcastic reactions were abruptly cut off by an alarming surge from his bladder. He twitched visibly, but Jemima interpreted the movement as an involuntary confirmation of her theory that Kip didn’t want to be ordered around by a woman.

“-but I am here now,” she continued, somewhat haughtily. “And I intent to be fully involved in the workings of this ranch. As heir of the property, I expect your cooperation and that of the other workers.”

Kip shuddered again, barely listening to Jemima’s demanding speech. He was hanging on by the slimmest of threads; he could feel tiny leaks trickling into his crotch.

“The men respect you, Mr. Connell,” Jemima was saying. “Despite your relative youth, your colleagues look highly upon you for your work ethic and your…strength of…” Jemima’s voice trailed off as Kip stopped meeting her gaze, his head lowered. “Mr. Connell!” She snapped, her cheeks coloring at the indignation of being ignored. “Are you even…”

Jemima’s voice failed yet again. A soft pattering sound seemed to echo through the barn. Jemima followed Kip’s gaze downward to see liquid dripping off the cuff of his jeans, trickling into a puddle on the dusty ground.

“Mr. Connell?” she whispered, aghast.

Kip pressed his lips together to keep them from shaking. His hat covered the worst of the stain, but the wetness was clearly visible beyond the edges of the brim, slowly spreading down his legs. He couldn’t believe he was pissing himself in front of his boss, who also happened to be a beautiful young woman.

It had taken Jemima a half-second too long to realize what was actually happening, but now she flushed with the residual humiliation of watching a grown man urinate on himself.

Having already made a considerable mess, Kip could have just given up completely, but he wanted to grasp any shred of dignity he could. He cut off the flow as soon as he was able, which was well after he’d soaked all the way down his left leg and created a muddy puddle around his boots.

When the dripping sound stopped, the air thickened into a palpable silence. None of Jemima’s finishing school training had prepared her for a situation like this.

Finally, finally, Kip took a deep breath. “May I leave, Miss Hughes?”

Breathless, Jemima nodded, then, realizing that Kip was still staring determinedly at the ground, choked out a “Yes.”

Nodding reflexively in acknowledgement of the dismissal, Kip turned and strode out of the stables. Fortunately, it was still lunch time, so he didn’t have to avoid a lot of people on his way back to the barracks.

Around the corner from the stables, Kip broke into a jog. He was so disgusted with himself. He’d wanted to prove to Miss Hughes that ranchers weren’t just uneducated hicks, that they could keep up with her city upbringing, and what had he done instead? He hadn’t even been able to hold his waters for one morning, and he’d made an ass of himself in the most childish way possible.

As he reached the barracks, Kip realized he was leaking again. It was almost unfathomable that he still had to pee, given the size of his accident in the stables, but he had drunk an awful lot over the course of their ride.

The latrine was too far away, and the incriminating wet patch on his jeans was already growing again, so Kip just sighed and leaned against the wall on the far side of the barracks. He tilted his head back against the wood siding and relaxed, letting the remaining contents of his bladder gush out of him. The wetness seeping down his legs wasn’t exactly pleasant, but the experience was infinitely better than losing control in from of Miss Hughes.

Finally empty, Kip gingerly stepped toward the door of the barracks, shaking the excess drops off the cuff of his pants. The heavy denim chafed against his legs; he decided to take the time to go down to the creek to rinse out his pants. The ranch had laundry staff on the weekends, but he didn’t want to wait until then. He’d rather just literally and figuratively wash out the events of the morning himself.

Back in the barn, Jemima stood, transfixed, staring toward but not at Kip’s puddle. With every breath, she grew increasingly distressed. Within a minute, tears had filled her eyes and her breathing verged on hyperventilation.

What had she done? How could she have imposed such a fate on anyone? Kip, despite occasionally his brusque manner, had really been quite gracious to her all morning, and she’d ignored his needs to the point of an utterly degrading accident. He’d never respect her now, and he’d never get the other employees on board. She just wasn’t cut out for management in ranch society. She’d tried to be firm and tough, and she’d just ended up making a fool of the veteran worker, and herself in the process. What was she even doing here?

Frantic, Jemima whirled and ran back to the big house, tears now streaming down her face. She stumbled up the porch stairs and tore through the front door. She wasn’t sure at all what she was looking for, but as she ran down the hallway, her grandmother stepped out of the office and caught her by the arm.

“Jemima!” Rosemary gasped, bemused by the distraught look on her granddaughter’s face. “Whatever happened?”

But Jemima couldn’t talk just yet; she only sobbed in a most undignified manner.

Rosemary gave the girl a quick once-over, and, determining that she wasn’t truly hurt, sighed. She kept her hand on Jemima’s arm and guided her across the hall to the sitting room.

“There now,” Rosemary said as she sat Jemima on the loveseat. “Just calm down and tell me what’s got a bee in your bonnet.”

Her grandmother’s seemingly dismissive language irked Jemima into speech. “I can’t do this!” she half-snapped, half-wailed.

Rosemary sighed again. “Now, Jemma, it’s been one morning. Yes, you’re probably tired, but you’ll get used to the pace of ranch life soon enough.”

“I’m not tired!” Jemima shot back petulantly.

Rosemary raised her eyebrows, looking at Jemima like one would look at a disobedient toddler.

Straightening her shoulders, Jemima inhaled, trying again. “I appreciate your concern, Grandmother, but I was able to keep up just fine, thank you.”

“And yet you flew in here like you were being chased by Satan himself,” Rosemary chided.

Jemima blushed, both in embarrassment for the spectacle she caused and in preparatory discomfort for the explanation she was about to give.

“I…” she hesitated, again entirely unprepared for how to present the situation. “I don’t think I’ll be a fit employer.”

“Well, you’ve still got a lot to learn, that’s for sure,” Rosemary waved her hand dismissively. “But if you’re ready to give up after one day…”

“I made a man soil himself!” Jemima burst out, cheeks aflame.

Rosemary sat back, perplexed. “You…what?”

“I…” Jemima’s voice softened. She hadn’t realized that telling the story would be nearly as difficult at experiencing it, but she was even more unprepared to realize that she genuinely needed her grandmother’s advice.

“I went on a tour with Kip, just like you suggested,” she began softly. “But I kept him out too long, and then when we got back, he made to leave, and I wouldn’t let him, and he…he…” Jemima’s eyes welled up again with remorse. “He urinated on himself. He lost control, right in front of me, and it’s my fault!”

Jemima inhaled shakily, preparing for her grandmother’s reaction. Chastisement, perhaps, or disdain that Jemima could be so ignorant as to ignore the most basic needs of her employees.

What Jemima did not expect was for Rosemary to burst out laughing.

“Kip did that?” Rosemary chortled incredulously. “Did the fool boy bother to ask you for a break at all?”

“I…” Out of all the unprecedented events of today, Rosemary’s reaction perhaps stunned Jemima the most. “Well, no, I suppose not.”

Rosemary shook her head, smiling slightly. “Boy must’ve really wanted to impress you, I reckon. Most of these men would just excuse themselves and go behind a tree.”

“Most of…” Jemima breathed. “So…this isn’t…”

“Lands, no!” Rosemary laughed, interpreting the rest of Jemima’s question. “This is the country, girl. We don’t have all those fancy water closets around every corner. Yes, I’m surprised Kip didn’t just ask you to leave before things got so bad, but his certainly aren’t the first Levi’s to get a little pissy after a long job, and they won’t be the last.”

Jemima wasn’t sure if she was horrified or comforted by this information. “This…kind of thing…happens often, then?” she asked hesitantly.

“Oh, I wouldn’t say often,” Rosemary shrugged. “But newbies on long drives, or men on a job they can’t get away from, like a tough calving…it’s not unheard of.”

Jemima was momentarily relieved, but soon found herself frowning again. “That may be true, but how can I supervise these men if they’re not comfortable asking me for breaks?”

Rosemary sighed. She quickly reminded herself that Jemima hadn’t been raised on the ranch; this wouldn’t be the first piece of seemingly-obvious advice she needed.

“Look, Jemma, it’s going to everyone – you included – awhile to get used to you being here and being in charge. Kip may not be the first man to wet himself in the line of work, but doing it in front of your new boss on the first day couldn’t have been fun. I think it’d go a long way for both of you if you assure him that you still respect him as an employee.”

Jemima nodded so seriously that Rosemary almost laughed. The girl had no natural proclivities toward ranch life, but at least she was a willing student!

###

Rosemary claimed that she usually ate supper in the mess hall with the employees. Some of the workers had families of their own, of course, and ate in their own small homes around the property, but many of the men gathered in the large hall every lunch and dinner for communal meals. Initially, Jemima had chafed against the idea of eating at long tables, surrounded by loud, uncouth cattlemen, but she had to admit that she needed every chance she could get to get to know the workers. Plus, Rosemary had claimed that Kip almost always ate in the mess hall, and it was always better to get apologies over with as quickly as possible.

It turned out that Rosemary has a smaller table of her own in the hall, so Jemima didn’t exactly have to eat elbow-to-elbow with the sweaty workers coming in from a long day. She did her best to watch and learn from her grandmother’s mannerisms, though, her easy rapport with men and women she’d known for decades.

It didn’t take long for Jemima to spot Kip in the midst of the crowd. He was one of the very few people she recognized, after all. She watched him carefully, trying to discern his emotional state after his shameful accident earlier, but he showed no signs of lasting degradation. While many men approached her table to speak to Rosemary and offer their polite greetings to Jemima, however, Kip made no such move. He stayed far on the other side of the room for the duration of the meal.

Despite her obvious outsider status, Jemima couldn’t help but admire the natural camaraderie among the workers. She’d seen a bit of how hard they worked throughout the day, but here, they were relaxed, convivial, and downright jolly. Their pleasant sociability made Jemima feel even worse for how she’d treated Kip.

Near the end of the meal, when most of the workers had finished eating and were now simply drinking and chatting, as if the mess hall was a public house, Jemima saw Kip take his stein and walk out the south door onto the porch. Taking a deep, steadying breath, Jemima rose to follow him.

Outside, the sun had gone down, and the porch was considerably quieter in the cooling night air. A quick scan revealed Kip leaning against the corner of the porch railing, gazing out across the property.

Jemima approached hesitantly, unsure of how to begin. Kip saved her the trouble.

“How can I help you, Miss Hughes?” he asked coldly, not bothering to turn around.

Jemima jumped slightly. She didn’t think Kip had known she was there. “G-good evening, Mr. Connell,” she stammered.

“What can I do for you, ma’am?” Kip’s voice was low, though not quite out of the bounds of propriety.

Jemima stepped up to the porch railing, about 5 feet to Kip’s right. She’d been taught that polite apologies should be issued while looking the other person in the eye, but Kip was quite deliberately not looking at her. Not that she could blame him.

“Please allow me to apologize for my actions earlier today,” Jemima said crisply, before she lost her nerve.

Kip didn’t respond, but his shoulders twisted slightly in her direction.

At the very least not discouraged, Jemima continued. “What I did to you is unforgivable,” she went on, trying to keep her voice from shaking. “No employer has a right to engage someone so long without a break, and I deeply regret what I…caused you to do.” Jemima’s voice cracked slightly. Kip still wasn’t responding, but Jemima’s emotions were getting the best of her, and she felt compelled to explain.

“I know I don’t belong here,” she blathered, looking down at her hands. “I know I’m just a stopgap until Grandmother can get her affairs in order, but that doesn’t mean I don’t care about anyone here or respect the work that you do. You’re an exceptional worker, Mr. Connell, and I certainly had no intention of…harming…I was told…I thought that, to earn your respect as a supervisor, I had to be tough and ruthless, but I don’t know how and I did it wrong and I made you…”

Jemima paused to catch her breath. She was gripping the railing with both hands now, unaware that Kip had turned to stare at the distraught young woman next to him.

“You all know each other,” Jemima went on, flustered. “And you’ve been doing this for years and I come in with my city-girl ignorance and privileged upbringing, and you’re just supposed to listen to me? It’s ridiculous and it will never work, and I’m just so sorry, Mr. Connell, I’m so sorry!”

Jemima sniffled in a most undignified manner, repulsed by the tears rolling down her cheeks. She was so distressed, it took her a moment to notice the handkerchief Kip was holding out to her.

Stunned, Jemima looked up as she took the cloth to wipe her face. A small smile quirked at the corner of Kip’s mouth.

“Are all city girls this dramatic?” he asked, only partially teasing.

Not quite ready to be teased, Jemima looked away. “I suppose most of what I do must seem silly to you.”

This time, Kip didn’t stop himself from rolling his eyes. “I won’t deny that, ma’am,” he drawled. “But please don’t think I don’t appreciate your apology. Today wasn’t my proudest moment. I’m glad to know it didn’t damage your opinion of my utility as an employee.”

Somewhat astonished at the sound of her own contrived speech patterns pronounced in Kip’s distinct drawl, Jemima turned back to face him.

“Miss Hughes, out here on the land, if you’ll forgive my language, shit happens,” Kip stared at Jemima and was moderately impressed when she didn’t flinch. “You make mistakes, people might get hurt, but you apologize, you learn from it, and you move on. You can’t have a damn existential crisis every time you muck something up, or you’d never get a damn thing done!”

Jemima inhaled deeply, straightening from the porch railing. She wiped her nose one last time before handing the folded handkerchief back to Kip.

“Thank you, Mr. Connell,” she said, trying with only marginal success to find a balance between confidence and cordiality in her voice. “You’ve been most gracious, and I’m deeply grateful for your gallantry.”

Kip could only smile as he shoved the handkerchief back in his pocket. Yes, pissing himself had been terrible, but maybe this girl had her own crap to deal with.

“Come on, Miss Hughes. Let me walk you back to the big house. You’ve had quite the first day.”

Thankful, Jemima took Kip proffered arm. “Much obliged, Mr. Connell,” she murmured as they headed toward the house.

“Now where,” she queried, emboldened by his water-under-the-bridge mentality, “did you ever learn the phrase ‘existential crisis’?”

And finally, Kip laughed.

*002*2016-09-03 02:24

{{On 8/29/2016 at 11:29 AM, full-bladder12 said:

This is so good!!!

}}

Thank you! I always hesitate before posting something much longer than 3000 words, so I'm glad you enjoyed it :)

*005*2016-09-08 00:50

{{On 9/3/2016 at 1:25 PM, Sylveon54 said:

I really enjoyed reading this thanks for writing it.

}}

Oh, you're welcome! Thank you for taking the time to comment!

{{On 9/5/2016 at 6:10 AM, Omogirl24 said:

This is sooo good! I love your writing you always write the best stories!! :)

}}

Thank you so much!! I love writing for myself, but I'm always pleased when other people enjoy my stories. (And the arrogant author in me is extra grateful for the comments now that the read-count isn't working!)

*008*2016-09-11 22:40

{{On 9/8/2016 at 10:04 PM, WaityKaty said:

I totally forgot to comment the day you first posted this one! I'm so slack... I know comments mean a lot to authors now the post counter isn't working.

Anyways, I think this might be my favourite story of yours. :) Thanks for taking the time to write for us!

}}

You're so sweet, Katy! I'm really glad you liked it.

