The Price of Veronica's Nap

Author: sammyfawkes

*000*2020-10-21 01:29

Veronica was close to falling asleep.

The platinum-blonde university student adjusted her sprawling position, trying to get comfortable in her single bed. A mild warmth glazed her skin as she pulled the quilt over her body, even though it was only mid-day. The black hoodie and thick grey sweatpants she was wearing cocooned her. This nap has been heavily anticipated.

If Veronica was lucky, she might dream about Katie. That all-too-frequent scene comes to her mind, where the shower is turned off and the bathroom door creeks open. Her short roommate would slip out with a towel wrapped around her torso from her post-gym clean up, her skin exfoliated and her chestnut-coloured hair damp. Sometimes when she walked through the living area on way to her room, Veronica might be lounging on the shared couch, and she’d glance up to see those bare legs. Maybe her gaze would linger too long, and Katie would catch staring her with an exaggerated eye-roll, sending an exciting jolt of shame through her body…

Damn it. She was supposed to be napping.

Although she tried to clear her mind as she wrapped her arm tighter around the pillow, Veronica’s attention was drawn to certain lower pressure she didn’t expect.

God, did she really have to piss now?

It was pretty a mild twinge but noticeable all the same. Veronica squirmed slightly. She could hold a little bit of pee for a quick nap, couldn’t she? Especially considering that heavenly heavy sensation had already flooded her limbs. She was way too comfortable to push herself out of bed.

There wasn’t much doubt that her body would stir if her need got serious, and it might even stop her from sleeping too long.

Yeah, it was decided. Sheer laziness had overruled her fear of waking up to a wet mattress.

Cupping her crotch with her palms and squeezing her thighs together (just as a precaution) Veronica did her best to relax, and soon sleep overcame her.

Consciousness arrived with severe cramp in her bladder.

Veronica gasped, hand clutching her crotch. She bit her lip and curled up in bed. Oh, fuck.

The evening sky had set in so the only light breaching the blinds was the faint glow of streetlights.

She felt disoriented. Confusion had accompanied her rude awakening. Bleary-eyed and heavy-headed, she was clueless as to how long she slept. You idiot.

Despite her foggy mind, Veronica knew she had to get to the bathroom as soon as humanly possible. She felt too hot. Sweat had gathered all over her pale skin and… shit- were her undies damp?

The quivering woman cast her blanket across the room and hauled herself upright. On the edge of the bed, Veronica was still gripping her privates as her knees bounced up and down. She allowed herself a moan.

Have I ever had to piss this desperately?

Forget that. No time to fuck around.

Veronica leapt from her bed, and the action was accompanied by a bladder contraction. A spurt of pee warmed her panties; wetness spread over the crotch and partly up the fabric covering her ass. If they were damp before- oh, God- she wore white today, didn’t she?

Veronica potty-danced through her dim bedroom to the door. She managed to twist the handle and pull, but as lifted her hand she was struck by another cramp.

A more severe leak flooded into her oversaturated underwear. A small wet patch grew slowly on the crotch of her sweatpants, light grey turning darker.

The feeling of dread and embarrassment was really setting in now. Twenty years old, and she was about to wet her pants, with a toilet right down the hall and having been in the house all day?

Surely, she still had some dignity to save?

Whimpering, she stepped into the hall.

Veronica moved towards the bathroom, stopping very few steps to bend over and wrap on let around the other. She had both hands shamelessly down her underwear clutching herself as a final resort.

After a hallway journey that had no right to seem as long as it did, Veronica reached the bathroom door. Her hands were soaked but her sweats were relatively dry.

The student pulled her trembling right hand out of her pants, but before she grabbed the doorknob, a fresh wave of despair fell over her.

No… fucking… way…

The shower was running.

Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck

The hiss of rushing water almost did it. Veronica almost gave in, but managed to clench it after one thick spurt streamed from her damp crotch, painting a wet line down her inner left thigh. Soon, the last of her composure would crumble. She began to bang at the door with one hand.

“Katie! Open this fucking door!”

Her entire body was twisting with desperation.

“Open up!”

“What the fuck, Veronica? I’m in the shower!” she yelled over the gushing of hot water.

“You need hurry! I’ve got t-to… to-”

“Oh my God. If you need to piss, or whatever, you can wait. Act your age.”

Another spray of piss spread over Veronica’s butt and she yelped.

“Katie, please… I can’t…”

“Go away!”

Soon, the sound of the shower was nothing compared to the hissing of the stream below Veronica’s waist. Her bladder finally gave in.

The wetness drenched the light grey sweats as the urine poured through her soaked undies. The small circumference of the dark patch quickly streamed up her backside and down her thighs and across her front. Veronica’s eyes fell closed and her mouth hung open like she was drifting off to sleep. A shivering sensation overcame her bottom half as the pressure ebbed away. She moaned. This feels… God…

“Veronica?”

A light pattering was heard as droplets of pee dropped onto the hardwood floor and absorbed into Veronica’s socks.

The exhausted woman had been holding so much, and now she was even pushing slightly, just to somehow participate in this release. Athough she had already practically wet herself, that little effort on her part was all the more humiliating.

The stream soon slowed to light trickle, so she had to push a little harder to empty her bladder out. She couldn’t bear to admit how comforting this sticky heat was. Those last spurts felt far more pronounced than the prior cascade, as if the reality was truly setting in.

Veronica eventually glanced down at her accident.

The fabric of her pants stuck to her like wetsuit now and there was scarcely a dry spot remaining. She shuffled her feet a little to hear the squelching of her socks in the sizeable puddle she now stood in. Out of curiosity she pulled the waistband of her sweats outwards to see her panties for the first time since this situation began.

Her pee seemed clear, and so the white briefs didn’t appear comically yellow, but they were certainly soaked; so much so that they were see-through and clinging to her mound. The waistband snapped shut with a wet smack.

Veronica straightened her back and breathed out a shaky moan. Her entire body was buzzing with adrenaline; her legs were shaky and weak. It was like the afterglow of sex… but somehow more intense. The embarrassment of having an honest-to-God pants-wetting accident at twenty years old served only to amplify the pleasure of this release. The shame she felt at that thought only pushed her pleasure further, bubbling up inside.

While ruminating over this piss-induced euphoria, Veronica paid no mind to the fact that the shower was no longer running.

The bathroom door was pulled open.

Veronica’s gaze shot up from her wet pants. Her state of confused arousal was far from gone and she could only stand in fearful shock as the towel-wrapped form of Katie appeared in the doorway, smelling like coconut shampoo.

Katie’s baby blue eyes first met Veronica’s. There was agitation evident in her pretty features.

However, before long those eyes traveled downwards and widened as Katie caught sight of Veronica’s sodden sweats and the puddle at her feet. Katie’s breath hitched.

How could Veronica have guessed that wetting her pants would only be the second most embarrassing moment of her evening?

Veronica stared at her bewildered crush in silence for a few moments… and then it came.

Katie began to squeal with laughter. Delighted wheezing began to breach the quiet of the hallway. She clutched the fold on her towel with one hand and placed the other on her stomach as tears formed in her eyes.

Veronica could feel the sting of tears herself.

“Oh, fuck!” she choked out. You actually pissed yourself?” Katie returned to laughing for a few moments. “I mean, maybe I should feel guilty, but how the hell have you managed to piss yourself in your own apartment?”

Veronica had no idea what to say. Too ashamed to maintain eye-contact, she lowered her eyes to the puddle she made and fidgeted with her fingers as the mockery rang out.

After a few indiscernible comments, her roommate’s howling began to fade into some light chuckling. Katie wiped her tears away and Veronica did the same.

“Jesus. I almost just peed there too. What a way to end the day! I’ll let you get cleaned up, tiger. Bathroom’s free.” Katie hopped over the large puddle of urine and gave Veronica a supportive slap on her plump and wet backside. “Remember to mop the floor!”

With a final laugh Katie closed her bedroom door behind her.

Veronica stood frozen in the hallway. The past fifteen minutes had been a fever dream. Her pale cheeks were flushed red but she was fucking clueless as to the cause. Or the specific cause, more accurately. Emotionally, her mind was raving. Her wet clothing had gone cold and she wanted to be rid of them. Especially her underwear.

One burning thought, however, was able to triumph over every other confusion or discomfort.

She padded through the open doorway on trembling legs, slammed the door behind her, then locked it.

She tossed off her hoodie, then peeled off her socks, then her sweats, then her panties, and hopped in the shower. Veronica adjusted the heat, then turned showerhead on and selected pulse.

Oh, Katie…

