Seoli's Misadventures (SIDE A: Modern)

Author: Ruromo

*000*2023-05-14 05:06

This will be quite a different arrangement of stories. I couldn't decide whether I wanted to write these characters in a modern-ish fantasy setting, or in a D&D-esque medieval fantasy setting.

So I decided to do both. This topic will contain the stories I've written about my character Seoli in a modern-fantasy setting. When I get around to posting the other story, it will be in a different topic labeled "SIDE B", which I will link here.

The Side B D&D-ish medieval fantasy stories can be found here

.

PART 1: Bingewatching

It had been several hours since Seoli had sat down to watch that show that morning. Binge-watch, in fact. For the past six hours, she had been lying on her bed, belly-down and casting a glassy gaze at her computer screen in the dark, and lazily wagging her fox-like tail back and forth. The entire first season of this magical girl anime had finished, its credits scrolling by.

Snapping out of her trance and shaking her head, Seoli rolled over onto her back and rubbed her icy blue eyes. Yawning, she swung her legs over the side of her bed. She was intending to switch over to the next season, but she felt a pressure in her stomach.

“Auuugh, not now, it was getting good!” Seoli grumbled to herself, “I didn’t have that much to drink...”

Dropping down onto the floor, she heard and felt the crinkling of an aluminum can being crushed underfoot. Peering downward, she found her purple-socked foot stepping upon one of five tall, empty cans of an energy drink she had carelessly tossed aside earlier.

“Oh… I guess I did,” she sheepishly muttered to herself.

Straightening her blue knee-length skirt, she stepped to the door to her room. Turning the knob, she was bombarded with midday sunlight from the window in the hall. Seoli groaned and shielded her eyes with her arm.

Stumbling to the bathroom, she found the entrance closed. She attempted to turn the handle, but felt the rattle of the lock in place. Sighing, Seoli knocked on the door.

“Busy in here,” said a tough voice from inside. It was her sister, Iseul.

“Iseul, you almost done in there? I really gotta go,” Seoli explained.

“Just got in here, nerd. Give me like ten minutes.”

“Fiiine,” Seoli whined, biting her lip.

She made her way to the living room, forcefully sitting down on the sofa and crossing her ankles. The rest of the house was quiet. ‘Dad’s probably still at work, and mom is probably in the backyard’, she thought.

Ten agonizingly boring minutes passed as she kept her gaze focused upon the hallway. No sign of Iseul coming out yet. Nonetheless, she stood back on her feet and walked back to the bathroom door. Still shut.

“Are you done in there yet?” Seoli inquired.

“Not yet,” Iseul answered.

Seoli loudly groaned in frustration as she made her way back to the living room and began to play the waiting game once more. Ten more minutes passed, and nothing. Seoli placed a hand between her legs, pressing into her skirt.

Another ten, and still no open bathroom.

And so on until nearly an hour had passed since Seoli began her venture out of her room. Her bladder was getting painful to hold and she tightly pressed her knees together. Desperate and angry, she hobbled out to the backyard, where her mother was tending to a flower garden. A sun hat covered her mother’s fox-like ears, but her long, straight, white hair spilled out the back. Her blue shirt and slacks were shielded by a thick apron.

Seoli called out, “moooom!”

“Yes, dear?” she replied.

“Iseul’s been in the bathroom for, like, an hour,” Seoli complained, “I really, really need to go, and she won’t get out.”

Standing up, Seoli’s mother removed her gardening gloves and dropped them into the flower bed.

“I’ll see what I can do.”

“Please hurry,” Seoli whimpered and fidgeted.

Her mother marched her way inside and towards the bathroom. Seoli followed slowly, both hands pressed firmly between her legs.

Banging firmly on the door, “Iseul,” she yelled, “are you almost done in there? Your sister needs to use the bathroom.”

“Just a minute, mom!” the voice called back.

Seoli bounced uncomfortably in place for less than a minute before darting off back to her room and slamming the door shut behind her. Rushing over to her bed, she knelt down beside it, hastily rummaging through the contents beneath with a single hand.

“Come on, where is it?” she squeaked, desperately groping around the darkness.

Her hand came across a plastic wrapping. Grabbing onto it with vice-like grip, she yanked out a pastel-colored package. A pack of toilet-training undergarments, patterned with pink stars. A remnant of a bedwetting problem a couple years back. She’d kept the panties ‘for emergencies’, and boy was this ever one.

Ripping a pair of the underwear from the pack, Seoli practically tore her modest purple undies off, kicking them onto her bed, and just as quickly hoisting the protective garments up.

Just as the underwear was secure around her waist, she could hold on no longer. Her bladder gave out, her warm waters forcing its way out of her body and into the absorbent padding. Seoli let out a shuddering sigh as relief filled her being. Her knees trembled as she slowly removed her hands from her groin.

Tears rolled down her face, half from the sheer ecstasy from finally letting go, half of embarrassment from having technically peed herself.

A few minutes passed before the flow finally subsided. There was a knock at her bedroom door.

“Seoli, honey, are you alright in there?” the voice of her mother rang from the other side, “Do… Do you need help, um, ‘cleaning up’?”

After a long silence, Seoli responded, “I’m… fine.”

She flopped back-first onto her bed and slunk her way below the covers. The warm padding was pressing itself against her, but she didn’t care. Seoli just wanted to go to sleep and forget all about this embarrassing situation.

*002*2023-08-11 04:06

PART 2: Later That Night...

Yaaaaaawn...

Seoli slowly opened her eyes and was met with pitch blackness, though her eyes had already adjusted during her rest. She turned her head to look at the digital clock set on her nightstand, its red light piercing through the darkness. 1:07 AM.

She sat up in bed, rubbing her eyes with one arm and stretching the other. As she leaned forward to stretch both arms ahead, she felt something cold press up against her skin around the waist. “Gnhh?!” Seoli uttered a confused but nondescript sound as she quickly cast her blanket aside and reached over to turn her lamp on. She winced slightly as the light assailed her night-adapted eyes, looking down at herself to find that she was still wearing her skirt and sweatshirt in bed.

Swiveling off of the bed to stand up, Seoli could feel that odd, cold, and now decidedly clammy sensation at her waist, accompanied by the feeling of thicker-than-usual undergarments. Distressed, Seoli dropped her skirt to the floor and rushed to the mirror on the back of her bedroom door, accidentally knocking around the empty energy drink cans she’d left earlier.

Flicking the light switch to get a better view, she lifted the hem of her sweatshirt, exposing her underwear in the mirror. The front of the pink toilet-training pants were tinged a fair shade of yellow, and whatever shapes and patterns it had were completely faded. Seoli grit her teeth at the sight.

“Oh, right...” she whispered to herself as she covered her red-flushed face with a hand, “that happened...”

Seoli let out a small groan as she threw her head back in frustration.

“Might as well take this off in the bathroom so I don’t drip anything anywhere,” she mumbled to herself, “unless Iseul’s still in there, then I dunno, maybe I’ll leave it on her bed.”

She chuckled slightly as she made her way over to her dresser, opening the top drawer and grabbing the first pair of underwear she could find, not even bothering to look. With the cotton garment in hand, she opened the door into the darkened halls of the house, the light from her room poorly illuminating anywhere else.

Thankfully, the bathroom wasn’t too far from her bedroom. And better yet, Seoli could just barely make out that the door was open. Unoccupied, finally. Flipping the switch from the outside, she turned on the lights in the bathroom before slipping in herself, carefully closing the door behind her.

The room seemed the same as it normally was. Whatever Iseul was doing earlier, there was no trace of it left behind. Either she suddenly became interested in thoroughly cleaning up after herself, or she was only in here to keep Seoli out. Again. Seoli rolled her eyes in irritation.

Setting her change of panties on the closed lid of the toilet, she noticed that the random pair she took were a pastel yellow in color. ‘Are you freaking kidding me?’ she thought.

“Let’s get this over with...”

Seoli peeled the waistband of the training pants from her body, pulling them down to her knees, where she let gravity take over. The undergarments made a rather nasty wet splat as they plopped onto the floor. Amazingly, they seemed to have completely absorbed Seoli’s accident.

“Eugh...” she groaned, tossing the training pants into the bathroom’s wastebasket using her foot.

After a quick rinse in the shower to wash away any yellow stains that may have attached themselves to her porcelain-pale skin, and a visit to the toilet to relieve herself of the urine her caffeine-infused body produced during her “nap”, Seoli redressed, begrudgingly pulling on the yellow panties she’d inadvertently taken from her drawers.

As she left the bathroom to return to her bed, Seoli was interrupted by a grumbling in her gut. Right. She had just slept most of the day, and no doubt missed dinner. There wouldn’t be any harm in a little midnight snack, she thought as she made her way to the kitchen.

With only the light of the refrigerator, she fumbled around for a bowl of sugary cereal. As spoonful after spoonful of cereal crunched in her mouth, Seoli leaned against the counter, bowl in hand, and lost herself in thought. Her mother would likely want to discuss her little accident in the morning, and no doubt Iseul would use it to torment her. But her biggest worry was how her friends would react if they found out. Or worse, the whole school. That such a laid-back prankster had an accident like a little kid?

Shaking the thoughts from her head, she downed the sugar-infused milk left in the bowl. As she rinsed out the dish in the sink, she also grabbed a glass from a cabinet, filling it with the tap water and gulping that down as well with a satisfied ‘aahh...’

Slinking back to her bedroom, she flipped the lights back off and climbed back into her bed, laying atop her blankets and staring up at the ceiling. Despite the energy drinks and hours of sleep she’d already gotten, Seoli felt herself grow tired once again. Sliding beneath the covers, she felt her worries melt away as she drifted to sleep once more.

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

Seoli was awoken by the sudden, loud digital beeping of her bedside clock’s alarm. Fumbling around with her eyes half-opened, she slapped her hand down on the top of the device, silencing the noisy piece of junk – temporarily at least.

Wiping drool off of her mouth, Seoli sat up in bed. Strangely, she felt... cold? As she brought her legs closer to sit cross-legged on the bed, she felt a cold, wet sensation as her feet dragged across the sheets. A horrified gasp escaped her lips, her eyes widening in shock as she cast off her blankets, revealing a rather large wet stain around the center of her pastel bedsheets.

“Damn it, no, no, no!” she swore at herself under her breath, “H-how did I...?”

She quickly swept her legs over the side of the bed and rose to a stand and staring down in disbelief at both the stain on the bed and the wetness around the bottom of her sweatshirt. Even her bushy, fox-like tail had gotten somewhat damp from her accident, the fur clumping together. Seoli recoiled in disgust.

Knock, knock, knock came a rapping from her closed door. Seoli yelped in surprise as the sound snapped her out of her distraught stupor.

“Seoli, are you awake?” called the soothing voice of her mother from the other side.

“Y-yeah, mom!” Seoli stuttered back, “But, um, don’t come in! I’m... Indecent...?”

After a brief moment of silence, her mother responded, “Alright, just making sure you’re getting ready for school.”

Seoli sighed in relief as she heard her mother’s footfalls recede. Looking back at her alarm clock, she was greeted by the numbers 7:46 AM. Only fifteen minutes until school started. Luckily, it was only a short walk away from the house. But unfortunately this meant she didn’t have time to discreetly take care of her soiled sheets.

Carefully, she made her bed, to make it look as though she hadn’t slept on it at all. Removing her sweatshirt and underwear, she placed them atop the stain before moving the covers in place.

Walking to her dresser, she grabbed a pair of pastel purple panties and slid them on, followed by a blue, knee-length pleated skirt. With her favorite sweatshirt currently unwearable, she would need to find a different top to wear... Ah, yes, the short-sleeved sailor top. Though the school had abolished its uniform requirement, Seoli nonetheless kept the outfit. She did think she looked rather good in it, after all. Not to mention how much it reminded her of her favorite anime.

The top was a slightly darker shade of blue than her skirt, giving a mismatched look, but Seoli didn’t care, nor have the time to care. Pulling the top on over her violet undershirt, which had miraculously managed to stay dry, she would finish her attire with a pair of knee-length violet socks and her trusty blue running shoes.

Swiftly, she grabbed her azure schoolbag from off the floor, slinging one strap over her shoulder. Making her way through the halls of her home, she swung the front door open while giving a short wave to her mother. Thankfully, Iseul was nowhere in sight. She appeared to have left earlier. Once outside, she took a moment to give a deep sigh before trudging her way down the sidewalk.

