Diaries of Ella: Chapter 2

Author: sammilove

*000*2017-06-15 05:12

THIS IS PURELY A WORK OF FICTION.

Ella's eye were glued to the clock. Only 15 minutes until she was off work. What a morning it had been. Starbucks was packed. About usual for a Saturday morning. Unfortunately, Ella hadn't been pee since the night before. She forgot to go before work but it wasn't bad. She was going to right after work. The need to go was definitely there but she couldn't go until her replacement clocked in and took over. Luckily, the girl was sitting out in the lobby waiting for 3 o'clock to hit. Ella could feel her belt digging into her bladder. It was starting to make the wait almost unbearable. She was wearing black work pants, a black t shirt, black nike running shoes, and wrist brace as she had recently sprained it after falling at work.

Finally! 3 o'clock hit! She patiently waited for the new girl to come take over for her. They sat there and chatted for a minute. Ella was trying non chalantly to hide the fact that she really had to pee. Her replacement was Claire. She had been there only a few days and wanted to Ask some questions before starting her shift. Ella tried to be as nice as possible while still trying to hurry the process up so she could pee. Claire noticed that she really had to pee.

"You look like you really have to pee." said Claire.

"Uhhh yeah. Really really bad." said Ella.

"Okay, I'll let you go before you pee yourself. I'd hate to see that." said Claire as she winked.

"What was the wink for?"

"Oh, uh...well...it's nothing. I'll text you about it later." said Claire before turning to help the next customer.

This stood out to Ella but she was to desperate to care. She walked over to the bathroom only to find it occupied. She decided to wait. She stood there, thighs pressed together and arms crossed. Finally, the door opened. It was a young mother, probably in her early 20's, and her daughter. The girl was trying to stay in the bathroom and the mom was trying to pull her out. Finally they were out of the way and Ella walked in. As she did, she struggled to undo her belt due to her wrist brace. Finally she got it. Ella quickly pulled her pants and thong down. She peed for almost a whole two minutes. The whole time she sighed a huge relief.

Ella emerged a few minutes later. Her face was still slightly flustered from the desperation. She noticed Claire was free and went over to chat for a minute.

"Okay, I've gotta know. Why did you wink at me?" said Ella.

"Well, I haven't said a word to anybody about this since it happened. My second night I was here and I closed by myself. It wasn't busy at all but I had a lot to do and drink. Well, as soon as I started cleaning the milk machine, the urge to pee hit me. And really strong too. But I couldn't leave it once I started. I tried so hard not to pee then and there. I was doing the pee-pee dance the whole time. I tried to clean as fast as I could. When I finished, I threw a hand between my legs and ran to the bathroom as fast as I could. But it was like as soon as I saw the toilet, my body just lost control. I was within inches of relief and my body gave in. My pants were soaked. I was so embarrassed I didn't come out for 10 minutes. I didn't have extra clothes and had half the store to clean still. I finally got everyting cleaned up and hurriedly walked out to my car. I was SO nervos someone would see me or worse, someone I know. But I didn't see anyone. I got in car and left."

"Whoa. I'm sorry to hear that. Did you clean the bathroom after?"

"No, I just left it. Whats weird though is that it was kinda fun."

"Hmm. Well that still sucks. Sometimes it is fun to hold it though. Feel free to text me anytime." said Ella.

"Okay, maybe we can hangout sometime." said Claire.

"Oh, for sure!" said Ella.

Ella turned and started walking to her car. 'That was kinda odd but oh well, made a new friend.' she thought. She just smiled and kept walking, preparing for her night out. Little did she know, she would be having quite the night of her life.

Ella arrived home safe and sound. The entire drive she was thinking about the conversation she had with Claire. She was so surprised she had met someone with the same interest. Especially one like this. She quickly forgot as she had to start getting ready for her night out. As she was getting ready, her friends texted her and said that some of them wouldn't make it out tonight. She said thats fine and we can reschedule. Instead of being disappointed, she saw this as an oppurtunity. She decided to throw some gray leggings and a blue shirt on and run up to Starbucks and see what Claire was doing.

Ella arrived at Starbucks a few minutes before close. Claire was by herself again. She smiled and waved to Ella when she walked in the door.

"Hey Claire!"

"Hey Ella! What are you doing back here?"

"I was bored sitting at the house. Thought I'd see if you wanted to hangout and have some fun."

"Well sure! I'm free all night and tomorrow as well!"

"Alrighty! I can't wait. I'm just gonna hangout here until you get off!"

Ella ordered a grande iced mocha and sat down until Claire got off work. As closing time came, Claire clocked out and walked over to Ella and said, "What do you wanna do?"

"I don't know, I thought maybe we could talk more about what we discussed earlier?"

"Oh..uhh..okay. Thats fine. I didn't think we'd ever talk about it again honestly." said Claire.

"Well, you said it was fun and I thought I could help you experience it more." said Ella.

"Yeah. Sounds fun. Can we run by my place so I can change into something else?"

"Well of course!"

The two left and went over to Claire's house. Claire ran inside and changed into a skirt and t shirt with some tan flats. Claire was a stunning girl, About 5'4, slightly bigger than an athletic body type like Ella. She had dark red, almost maroon colored, shoulder length hair. She came back out after a few minutes inside. She had a water bottle in hand. They left and returned to Ella's house shortly. They chatted for a few minutes about work and whatnot until Claire mentioned that she had to pee.

"You can't go pee yet. You haven't even been holding an hour!"

"But I was gonna go now then start holding after that. Like drain the lake?"

"Good idea! I'll go too!" said Ella.

They both went pee and then walked into the kitchen. They agreed that 3 glasses would good to start with. They would hold for at least 3 hours, or longer. Until one of them buckled and went pee or peed themselves. Neither of them would be allowed to go in the toilet either. The drank the three glasses of water and went to watch a movie. Every hour they were holding, they had to drink another glass. So they picked out a movie and then started the timer.

Time quickly went by until about an hour in. Ella noticed she was starting to have to pee. She glanced over and wondered if Claire had to go yet. She tried to forget about it. It worked until about 30 minutes later.

"Do you gotta pee any yet Ella? I'm starting to really feel it!"

"Yeah a little bit. You don't do this a lot do you?"

"Uh...once before my accident at work. And that made two. This makes three."

Ella didn't say anything else. She was starting to get more desperate by the minute. She was sitting with one leg under her and the other hanging down. She noticed Claire was sitting over there cross-legged and shifting her weight occasionally. She didn't have much longer compared to Ella. After there 2nd glass of water, she was starting to feel it even worse. By now, Ella was sitting straight up like a bored. Claire had one hand kinda shoved int her crotch and her face was starting fluster. Ella knew she was gonna win the battle.

"Uh Ella, I don't think I can hold on much longer. Do you have a...aaaa...towel or anything for me to sit on?" Said Claire.

"Uhhhh....yeah...why don't we just go outside on the back deck? None of my neighbors can see us plus its dark outside." said Ella.

"Sure...whatever is best...I really have to go though. Can we go now? Pleasseeee!!"

"Lets get a glass to take with us first."

"Please no more water. I'm gonna be peeing all night now!" pleaded Claire.

"Sorry not sorry."

Ella went into the kitchen and got two of the biggest glasses and filled Claire's all the way up and her only half way. She was feeling devilish and wanted to have some fun with her guest now. Claire was already sitting on the deck now when Ella returned. She gave Claire the glass and told her she had to drink it all and she had already drank half of hers. Claire sighed and then took the glass. She chugged it really fast and sat the glass down. She was starting to shake from the desperation. Ella grinned and almost forgot her need to pee. Ella was starting to feel the shakes coming on though. So she wasn't far behind. Claire had both of her hands stuffed between her legs as she danced from foot to foot.

"El--Ella..how long has it been?"

"2 hours and 56 minutes to be exact."

Claire sighed and continued her little dance. Ella had one hand in her crotch. She was sarting to get the goose bumps from the cold water. She looked at Claire and was actually kind of relieved that she might win. She had never done anything like this and was so glad she could. About that time...

"ELLA!! I'm losing it!! Ella!! Ellaaaaaa!!! I can't stop it!!!"

"Shhh stop yelling! And its fine just let it go!"

Claire pulled her hands from under her skirt and lifted it. She squatted down just let the pee go. It was during this that Ella realized Claire wasn't wearing any underwear. Claire sighed for a good minute before she stopped peeing. Now all Ella had to do was keep holding until she could beat her goal of 3 and a half hours. She only had 20 minutes to go. Claire was so embarrassed that she just peed herself but didn't care anymore. She was watching Ella now and talking to her. Ella was trying her hardest to keep her compusre but 20 minutes seemed like 20 hours when your dying to pee! She had both hands shoved into her crotch. She was dancing around like a mad man. She kept looking at the clock and saying only a few more minutes. Just a few more. Ella was trying so hard to hold it.

She had only 5 minutes left when it started. Claire lunged her and started tickling her sides.

"Claire!!! Stop please!! I'm trying to set a record! PLEASE!!"

"Aww poor Ella!!! I know you set me up earlier to ee first so I'm returning the favor!" shouted Claire.

Claire kept attacking her with the tickling. Finally Ella shouted "STOP STOP ITS HAPPENING!" Ella tried so hard to hold it back. She only had 2 minutes to go and flood gates opened up. But there was nothing she could do now except accept defeat. She spread her legs and just watched the pee streak down her legs until it was a giant puddle under feet. Her butt was soaked as most of it had went behind her. Only a little bit went down the front of her legs. She was so relieved and disappointed she had failed her goal.

"Damn Ella, you must've really had a lot pent up in there."

"Yeah I did...."

"So... you're pretty cute in soaked pants." Claire said. "Almost cute enought to kiss."

This caught Ella extremely off guard. "Uhh thanks...I noticed you weren't wearing any underwear. Whys that?"

"I was hoping you noticed...so I might kinda have a crush on you and I was hoping we could experiment a little bit besides the pee part." said Claire.

Ella had never imagined something like that would happen. She had thoughts but never thought it would happen. "I would love that! I've dreamed but never thought possible!"

"What do you say we shower then take the fun into the bedroom?" said Claire.

"Lets do it." said Ella.

They both walked into the house and took off there dirty clothes. They both kissed and walked into the bathroom together. Ella was so blown away this had happened but so so glad!

I hope you guys enjoy it. Sorry its a little on the long side. But feel free to leave suggestions for Chapter 3.

