Ally’s Self-Redemption

Author: sammilove

*000*2020-11-17 20:48

Ally awoke to her phone alarm blaring. 4 AM had come too soon. She had been up drinking and Skyping with her friend, and hopeful boyfriend, Sasha. He lived four and half hours away in Las Vegas. Ally had recently moved to Long Beach, CA looking for a new beginning after a very horrible break up with her ex, Emily.

Things had spiraled into something Ally didn’t like. And although her boss was an amazing person at work, the relationship soon turned into something she hated. Emily was very controlling of her and had even become belligerent towards her one night. Emily controlled everything she did, including when she ate, drank, and even when she was allowed to go to the bathroom.

At first, Ally had enjoyed it. It was fun and thrilling compared to her past relationships. But soon she contracted a UTI from holding her pee back so much. Emily quickly blamed her for not taking care of herself and things had begun to go downhill after that. Once Ally recovered, Emily insisted she return to the previous way of her being in charge. Ally disagreed and that’s when the fights began. It hadn’t even been a month after before Ally couldn’t take it and called the police.

The next day, she quietly and quickly packed as much as she could into her car and headed west. She didn’t know what she was going to do or how she would live but she was following her dream lifestyle at the expense of her dream job. Ally found a nice studio apartment in Long Beach that was a month to month rent agreement. Not ideal but it would help her get on her feet again. Soon after, she found a job as a Pharmacist in a local pharmacy just a few minutes walk away. Everything was falling into place again.

It had been months since she even remotely held her pee for fun. She loved it so much but was still recovering from what happened with her ex. She wasn’t sure if it would bring her pleasure or pain. But she wanted to try again. And she had met a boy who seemed genuine. He was visiting from Las Vegas when they met at the beach one hot, summer day. She didn’t think much of it at first until they met again at a bar several hours later and a few miles away. She decided she was going to at least talk to him a bit first.

Ally decided she was going to go visit him after they had been talking for a few weeks. She wasn’t sure what was going to happen but she had also decided to get a hotel a few miles away so when she left him for the day, she wouldn’t have to make the trip again until the next morning. And it also gave her a chance to experiment with no distractions.

The drive to Las Vegas was very uneventful. She stopped halfway for a bathroom break and lunch. But otherwise, a pretty boring ride. She met up with Sasha around noon. The day spent the day hanging out at a local park. They had dinner not too far away at a cafe across from the park. The day had went magically. Better than expected. She had noticed towards the end of the day that neither had left for a bathroom break. “An odd thing to notice.” she thought to herself. They had made there way back to her car. Sasha had seemed kind of distracted in the last 20 minutes or so.

“Everything fine Sasha?” Asked Ally.

“Yeah, I just really have to pee but I don’t wanna miss a minute with you. Especially since you have to leave so soon and live so far away.” Said Sasha.

“Awww, that’s so sweet. But really, you can go to bathroom. I’ll wait for you I promise.” Said Ally.

“Uhm. Okay I’ll be right back!” exclaimed Sasha as he quickly sprinted away to the public bathrooms by the parking lot. He returned a few minutes later looking very relieved.

“Feel better?”

“You have no idea haha.”

But she did. She knew the feeling all too well. The two said their goodbyes and left. Ally was heading to the hotel an hour away. She was so happy that the date went well. She was also feeling intrigued to do a hold at the hotel afterwards. That wasn’t planned but after seeing Sasha needing to go quite bad, she needed to know if she still enjoyed it. If she could even let herself get desperate or if she was too scarred from Emily to let herself.

Ally checked into the hotel around 9pm. She could’ve made it home no problem as she was only a few hours away. But she decided against that and to enjoy her night. She had rented the Queens suite which included a jacuzzi, king sized bed, a stocked mini bar, and a massage chair. This was her night and she was going to treat herself. By the time she had made it to the room, she could tell she really had to pee. She hadn’t been since lunch time, and although she hadn’t consumed many liquids after, her bladder was nearly full. She debated with holding it longer or just go. But considering it was probably more than her body flushing water out, she decided to pee.

Her bladder must’ve started to shrink because when she peed, it was around 30 seconds give or take a few she guessed. Her body was healing still and it made her second guess the hold. She didn’t want to hurt herself. “I’ll just go when I’m at a 7 or so. That way I’ll feel the sensations but won’t push it too far.” she thought to herself.

Ally took off her all clothes and dawned a silk robe and her favorite pair of panties. She made her way to the kitchen to start drinking some water and begin the process of filling. She returned to her seat and turned on the TV. A good TV show will help pass the time. About 10 minutes later, she had finished her first glass of water and returned to get another. She decided to chug it all at once. She refilled the glass for the third time and returned to her seat again. The air in the room was kind of chilly, a mere 65F degrees. No wonder she was shivering. She quickly changed it to 70F and went to find her some yoga pants and a cozy sweater.

About 20 minutes had passed and her bladder was filing up. She was nervous. This was a milestone for her and she hoped it would aid in her recovery from Emily. She was still very cold but her shivering had subsided. She was thinking the water had caused the shivering and was warming to her body temperature now. Her urge couldn’t be more than a 3/10 at this point. She was impatient but ready. She had finished glass number 3 and went to get her final one now when her phone rang. It was Sasha.

She quickly answered and the butterflies consumed her. She was so happy to be taking to him that she forgot how much water she drank and even that she had to pee. About 30 minutes had passed when an overwhelming urge to pee hit her like a brick. She wanted to keep talking but didn’t want to go too far with it. She wanted very much to keep talking but was scared to push it. She decided she would talk for five more minutes before hanging up and going. Those five minutes were agonizing. She couldn’t hold still. The crossing and un-crossing of her legs, pushing her thoughts together, and sitting straight as an arrow. It wasn’t helping much. She knew the only thing that would help would be to relieve herself. As much as she hated to do, she had to get off the phone and go pee or else she was going to explode all over the floor.

“Look, I hate, HATE, to do this but I’ve gotta go. I really need to use the bathroom or I’m gonna have an accident if I wait much longer. I’m sorry!” exclaimed Ally. At this point, she had shoved one hand into crotch and was rocking back forth fo help hold the imminent flood.

“No, no, no it’s fine Ally! I promise! But first, I’ve gotta ask, was this an accident or do you do this stuff for fun?” asked Sasha.

“What do you mean?”

“The bathroom. Did you wait to go on purpose or do enjoy holding it? Cause I’ve heard of girls who like and I’m just wanting to get to you know you better.”

“Uhhh, it’s complicated but yes I like it. But I’ve seriously, seriously, SERIOUSLY, have to go. I’ll call you back soon I promise!” stated Ally as she hung up the phone. She quickly dashed to the bathroom. She went to rip her pants off and stopped. “What if I wet myself?” She whispered to herself. Her bladder was screaming and she couldn’t hold still.

Ally stated directly at the toilet and then at the shower. She had both hands shoved between her legs trying to contain herself. She was well past her limit of 7/10 by now. She was dancing around, hopping from foot to foot. This level of desperation had been unknown to her for many months and she had missed it. She was starting to feel a slight pain in her bladder and she knew she had to end this NOW. But how?

Her bladder was screaming at her. “Screw it!” Said Ally. She ripped her pants and underwear down and jumped in the shower. She didn’t even have to try and let go, it just happened. A torrent of pee gushed down the drain as it forced its way out of her bladder. An orgasmic-like moaning accompanied the splashing sound of the pee running down the drain.

A few minutes had passed and the stream had stopped. She was trembling. Her muscles ached and her adrenaline still racing but she was hooked again. Not once did she think about Emily during the hold or release.The pee had splashed all over her legs and feet. A hot shower sounded heavenly after that. And it would be good for her muscles’ recovery too. She slowly removed her sweater and shirt and turned on the shower.

A few minutes later, she stepped out of the shower. She hadn’t felt this relaxed in months. Not since everything had happened. Ally put on a robe and crawled into bed. She couldn’t wait to talk to Sasha again, especially after the last question he asked. She finally felt happy with herself again.

