On a Bench

Author: sleeping_cat01

*000*2020-01-06 08:44

Tonight life has been weird. It's sometime after midnight and I'm sitting on a wooden bench in a park somewhere. I have no idea how I got here. I'm tired. I should go home, but the bench is comfortable and it's not so cold out here yet. Besides, the grass looks very different when all colours are replaced by the sodium yellow of the street lights. It's really soothing. There are no passers-by at this hour. The gravel on the path remains undisturbed; everything is quiet.

After quite a while of admiring the grass, I hear footsteps somewhere to my left. The sound has a sort of clickyness to it, and the beat is irregular. It makes me think about high heels. The footsteps slowly approach, and sure enough, a figure fades in from the dark. A few steps later I can see the high heels, a leather jacket that barely hangs on slim shoulders and long hair that might once have been neatly done. I think I've seen her before, but it must have been a long time ago. I don't think I even know her name.

She stops in her tracks when she's about three metres away. She looks tired, and her eyes stare into the distance. Her make-up looks fresh, no smears at all, although it's hard to tell in this minimalistic lighting. She shifts her shoulders, and her jacket only barely hangs on to her right shoulder. She blinks, turns towards the bench and somehow stumbles onto the bench right beside me. She nods off almost as soon as she's sat down.

Wind is trying to pick up. The grass hisses softly. In this soft light my eyes can't keep up with the movement, and the grass reduces into a sea of different shades of the same yellow. From this sea, larger shapes slowly emerge. A falling tree crashes into a ship on a stormy sea. Clouds gather, and lightning strikes a house that turns into a giant snail. My gaze drifts back to the bench and the young woman beside me. She's sleeping peacefully. Every inch of her is asleep. Her feet in the high heels, her legs in her probably light blue jeans, her arms in the arms of the leather jacket, her fingers, everything. Only her chest is slowly moving in and out as she breathes.

A wave of sleepiness washes over me, and my eyes close. Slowly the nothingness in my sight turns into a sea of yellow grass and a balloon under a green sun. I'm the balloon. A breeze picks me up from the grass and lifts me up to the sky. I'm rising through the clouds. The moisture clings to me as I keep rising. Above the clouds, I am surrounded by the light of a million suns and their heat wraps tightly around me as I keep rising ever higher. Slowly the clouds fade out of view, into a light green sea of foam. The suns slowly come closer as I rise further and further up. I don't mind their scorching heat even though it makes breathing more difficult.

Slowly, the wind that was carrying me dies down and leaves me stranded up in the sky. The moisture that I had collected earlier has evaporated, leaving me defenseless in the heat that is squeezing the breath out of me. Then, the suns slowly disappear, one by one. The balloon swells as the heat wanes, threatening to burst at any moment. Another sun gone, another increase in pressure. As the last sun disappears and leaves me in darkness, I begin to descend. The speed increases: I'm falling!

The world slowly fades in. The wooden bench, the street lights, the woman beside me. There's a slither of deep blue above the eastern horizon, and it's quite chilly out here. Slowly, I start feeling something on my legs. I look down, and see quite the wet patch on the crotch and thighs of my pants. I feel the blood rushing to my face. To think that I'd wake up like this next to someone. What would they think? What would she think? But the lady beside me is fast asleep, mumbling unintelligibly, like sleeping people do. Suddenly her face relaxes, and there's a bit of splattering under the bench. I feel a new warmth on the back of my pants, and a wet patch spreads on her jeans. She is smiling in her sleep. What a night!

