Leia unexpected assistance

Author: starwarsomo

*000*2024-04-09 05:23

Leia woke up from the cold metallic floor aboard Tantive IV, she realised she have been stunned by a Stormtrooper in the hallway, "There will be no escape for me this time, hope R2-D2 can deliver the message to Obi-Wan and deliver the Death Star plan to the Rebel base, I must face--" Just about to push herself up to investigate the situation, her mind was filled by the swollen bladder. Though the situation is just at the level of "very uncomfortable", she won't piss herself immediately if she don't use the refresher now, but thinking of the interrogation and detention awaits, Leia prefer to use the refresher before visiting Vader.

She stand up with difficulties from the floor with her hands clamped by binders, and walk toward the stormtrooper securing her. "Oh yOuR HiGhNess you finally woke up, you--" before the stormtrooper (Stormie) can finish, Leia interrupted with desperation in her voice, "Trooper, may I use the refresher first? It...it's quite urgent." Stormie denied, "You're not going anywhere rebel scum." The urge to pee grew stronger, Leia unintentionally crossed her legs to avoid leaking, "Perhaps Vader will be interested in listening to your explanation on the mess..." Leia half-threatens Stormie, implying that she's about to wet herself "Vader?! In this way you may go, bu...but Two troops of my squad is heading to report to Vader that we have found you, and they will be back down here in no time." Stormie answered in unwillingness.

"Don't... don't bother I will do it at the corner." Leia said as the nearest refresher is located levels up ahead, though it's undignified but she have no choice so she rushed to the side of the dim hallway and hide herself in the semi-circular board, just about to have a much-needed relief, Leia found that it was impossible to remove her gown with her hands bounded by binders, and also impossible for Stormie to remove it due to Imperial protocol to "secure the captive", so the remaining option is obvious yet humiliating, to request assistance from a stormtrooper.

"Stormtrooper can you help remove the gown and panties for me? The binders are troubling!" Leia speak loudly that she almost shouted as the fact that she's close to a relief teased her bladder, the situation is worse than she thought. Unable to resist the temptation to touch a beautiful princess after those days in a military service with almost zero chance to meet a women, Stormie was happy to help Leia. Stormie walk toward Leia, who jammed both of her hands at the crotch and squirm fidgetly. Stormie lean toward Leia at her back so his hands can unlock her belt, it drops on the floor with a clang*. 

Stormie then slowly lifted up Leia's skirt, the inexperience in removing female clothing cost a long time for Stormie to lift her skirt totally, and cost also Leia's panties, as the pressure is too strong and the urge is too great, her sphincter and mind were too weak to stop spurts of urine trickling down her legs through her panties. Leia desperately command Stormie, "Quickly trooper! I'm leaking!" Stormie quickly pulling her panties to clear a path at the crotch, realised it's dampened, once Leia know she's "cleared", she totally released her bladder, stream of hot piss splash at the corner of the hallway, forming a puddle in front of her.

After Leia emptied her bladder, she asked Stormie to dump her panties as it's soaked with piss, hence her crotch was naked during the meeting with Vader and the interrogation on Death Star.

(Photo for reference only, the story doesn't take place between the events in Leia: Princess of Alderaan)

&&

*002*2024-04-18 06:42

{{On 4/16/2024 at 3:52 AM, wedgeantilles said:

I so much prefer the female characters in the old movies compared to the completly boring and overpowered Rey in Ep 7.

Leia was such a great character, she had everything. A shame that Disney is not capable to create interesting new characters...

}}

I'm very happy that you love this story, and you're right, Rey is bad and not attractive lol, so my story are based on few mentioned but goregeous female.😊

*004*2024-04-19 04:46

{{4 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

She's not overpowered(so tired of hearing that myth)and I for one find her plenty attractive. If you want to complain about the movies i'd suggest doing that in the Off Topic section

}}

Thanks for the comment, Rey is still attractive but Padme and Qi'ra would be far far more better, unrelated to the Star Wars plot, and personally she can't arouse me lmao😂

