My Commission Thread - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*027*2023-10-20 19:38

{{On 8/9/2023 at 4:43 PM, secretomoact said:

The bus was moving at an excruciatingly slow pace for all of its occupants. Painful cramps rocked Carmella’s lower back, and she looked all around the small bus. Four other sets of shoes were being dragged about the floor, all showing signs of agitation. Twisting, stomping frantically. Legs pressed tightly together as Carmella and the other four members of her cheer team danced in quiet, impatient agony.

Some of the others were whimpering with displeasure, but Carmella didn’t dare to do the same. Such noises were so obvious and embarrassing, as if the frantic motions of her lower body hadn’t already made her problem blatantly clear. Her eyes squeezed closed against the sight of her desperate teammates, her forehead creased, her legs wriggled from side to side. She sunk down in her seat, then gritted her teeth to tamp down a gasp, straightening up again. She hitched her hips and pressed her hands against herself for the briefest of seconds.

The toilet trip she’d taken that morning before leaving her dorm now felt like it had been lifetimes ago. She was dying to feel cool porcelain beneath her thighs once more, to allow her aching sphincters to relax for even just a moment. She felt like the pee was reaching up to her chest.

If it had been up to her— if it had been up to MOST of her teammates— they would have pulled over for a bathroom break ages ago. But, it wasn’t up to them, they had to reach the sight of their next competition in time, otherwise they would forfeit and lose by default. There simply wasn’t time to stop, no matter how blisteringly full everyone’s bladders were. The traffic had already slowed their progress too much.

Allie, the team captain, kept reminding everybody else of this fact. “We are NOT losing just because a few of you need the ladies’ room,” she said. “Hold it in until we get there.” Her voice was coming out in the same firm, bossy tone her teammates were used to hearing from her, but the corded muscles in her neck betrayed her own urgent need.

The others didn’t know, but Allie had actually been waiting the longest out of any of them. Her alarm clock failing to sound off that morning had prevented her from using the toilet before leaving her dorm. There simply hadn’t been enough time if she was going to make it to the bus before it departed. And, what would her team do without their captain there? Most of their routine wouldn’t even WORK with one girl missing, there would be no chance of victory.

So, Allie had arrived to meet them all with her bladder still crammed full of everything that had accumulated during the night. The others, she presumed, had all gotten to spend a bit of time on the toilet this morning, so as far as she was concerned, they didn’t have a reason to complain so much. Their needy moans and pained whimpers gripped tight fists around her own bloated bladder. She clenched her fists, she curled her toes, she squeezed her thighs together for all she was worth.   She bit her lip and looked out the window, trying to gauge how close they were to their rival college, where the competition would set. It was difficult to concentrate enough to figure out where they were.

Beside her was Lindsay, whom Allie often considered her second-in-command. Like Allie, she took these competitions immensely seriously. Like Allie, she was scolding the other girls and telling them to grin and bear it until they arrived. “We’ll all use the bathroom first thing!” She said. But, also like Allie, she was visibly desperate and the distress within her body was removing some of the bite from her tone. Her pitch wavered with an uncertainty that she rarely displayed.

Lindsay was doing her best to ignore the heinous pressure mounting inside of her. She was trying to banish all thoughts of toilets, peeing and water from her brain. ‘Mind over matter,’ she continually reminded herself. If she kept focusing on how much she had to go, on how good it would feel to sit down on a toilet and unleash an immense, hissing flood, she was only going to make her predicament worse. She was attempting instead to think only of the contest ahead of her— That was what she SHOULD have been focusing on anyway.

Again and again, she mentally went through every step of their routine, every direction she’d need to turn her body, every motion of her arms and legs. When little thoughts creeped in, feelings of dread and doubt as she imagined having to do all of that with her bladder still screaming for relief, she shut her eyes and shook her head. That wouldn’t happen. She’d use the bathroom as soon as they arrived, and it wasn’t TIME to think about peeing anyway.

It was very, VERY difficult to keep the thoughts of urination at bay, however. She was surrounded by desperation everywhere she looked. Beside her, Allie was wriggling and jiggling her knees, bouncing her legs like she was peddling a bicycle. Across the aisle, Carmella was folded in half, scrunched up into this little, shaking ball, twitching with need. The two girls in the seat in front of her were moaning up a storm. Even if Lindsay HADN’T already needed to go, the sights and sounds around her would have been enough of a suggestion to get her bladder to fill up.

‘Don’t think about peeing,’ she ordered herself. ‘Don’t think about it, don’t think about it!’

However, up ahead of her, Jackie was whimpering non-stop. “Ugh, I have to pee so bad!” She was so vocal about her own need that Lindsay wondered if it was all a deliberate attempt to make everyone else more desperate. That sounded like something Jackie would do, she loved teasing her teammates, so it was possible that she was just trying to make everyone else feel as bad off as she already did.

Not that Lindsay thought she needed anyone’s help to feel more like she was going to burst.

“Mmmmf,” Jackie moaned. “I’ve never had to go this bad before!” She was certain of that, too. There was no doubt in her mind that this was the most egregious bout of desperation she had ever experienced. She felt like her bladder was completely out of room, the liquid inside of it no longer able to slosh with the motion of the bus because it just didn’t have the space to move that way anymore.

There was a constant fiery pressure right at her opening, the small, quivering ring of muscle separating her urine from her panties was flexing non-stop, pulsing and tightening until the stinging pain was enough to make her eyes well up with unshed tears. She couldn’t believe that she was almost crying just from the need to pee, she couldn’t believe that it was possible for it to hurt this bad. “Ohhhhh,” she groaned when the bus hit a particularly rough bump. “I’m going to explode!”

Beside her sat Sidney, the final member of the team. Sidney had been cupping her hands against herself for the past half hour, rocking urgently against the much needed pressure and twisting her hips frantically. All she wanted was for them to finally reach their destination, for the bathroom to be close to where they parked, and for at least five stalls to be available so that they could all go. She knew what would happen if there weren’t enough vacant toilets, she knew that she wouldn’t be able to stop herself from offering to wait while the others went. And, she knew that decision would likely be her undoing.

It would just be the right thing to do, though. She didn’t like to see her team-mates suffer. Not even Jackie, no matter how often she teased her. Sidney still wanted to help. She tried to help Jackie now, hopeful that a gentler tone would be more encouraging to the other girl than the tough and commanding ones utilized by Lindsay and Allie. “It will be alright,” Sidney said. “I’m sure we’ll be there really soon. The competition isn’t that far off, so we’ve GOT to be there soon,” she reasoned. Sidney really wanted to put a supportive hand to Jackie’s shoulder, but both of her hands were needed between her legs, plugging her bladder closed.

“We’d better be…” Jackie gritted out. “I have to go so bad that my teeth hurt for some reason.”

It didn’t make much sense, but Sidney felt the same way. She too felt aches and pangs all throughout her body, ever inch of her tensed and strained in response to the gargantuan weight pushing firmly into her sphincters. Her opening stung hotly, and when she felt a slight spot of dampness in her panties a second later, she realized that the first droplet of her burden had managed to escape.

Sidney cringed, shifting her legs in all directions. She was leaking! Only a bit, only a drop, but still… She couldn’t remember the last time she’d gotten full enough to start dribbling like that. It sent an icy bolt of fear through her core that made her shudder. Up until that moment, she’d been able to think ‘I need to pee really bad, but it’s not like I’ll have an accident’. It had been so many years since her last spill that the notion of another had just seemed impossible.

Now, she was forced to confront the reality that she actually WAS capable of wetting herself. Even at her age, her bladder was not magically indestructible, it was not bottomless, and now that a little bit of her pee had squirted out without her permission, the idea that she might soak herself suddenly felt scarily real. She squeaked out a stunned, pained “Nnnh!” and begged her body not to let go of anything else.

Carmella jerked her head in Sidney’s direction upon hearing her agonized sound. The noise managed to startle her enough that her bladder cramped and squeezed, and for almost a full second she was letting a slow, halting dribble go into her panties. “Mmmf…” She grunted, blushing hard at the sounds she couldn’t help but make. She tightened her hold on her crotch, fingers digging themselves firmly against her aching urethral opening. It burned badly, her thigh muscles were screaming, but she managed to staunch the flow.

She couldn’t believe that had just happened… Her bladder was so full, so little room left inside of it, that it was forcibly pushing its contents out. It had been so long since Carmella had last had an accident that she couldn’t recall what it felt like, but the shocking tug in her lower belly and the clammy spot between her legs were both unmistakable. She’d almost lost it right there on the bus… She didn’t know how much time she had left before she started to leak once more, nor if she’d be able to wrench control back again if she did.

Ohhh, to be on the toilet now, locked into a private stall, panties down around her ankles… Ohhh, that would be Heaven! How much further? Please, she couldn’t wait much more!

At long last, the bus turned off the main highway, they were nearly there. Carmella felt a small wave of relaxation wash over her. She was going to make it after all, there was no need to panic. She was close, she was really, really close.

When the bus finally parked at their rival campus, Jackie was the first one out of her seat. She proceeded to half-run, half-waddle her way off of the bus, her hands pinned between her legs. Her skirt was being pushed up in the process. She didn’t seem to notice that, and she was accidentally flashing Sidney whom was walking right behind her.

Next came Carmella. She moved very tentatively, very slowly. She wanted to dash out like Jackie and Sidney both had, but the barrel of liquid inside of her felt like it was balancing a bit too precariously for that to be an option. If she moved too quickly, if she turned too far to one side or the other, the barrel was going to tip over and dump its contents down her legs, soaking her jeans in a pressurized rush. She had to carefully calculate each and every step she took, and avoid setting her feet down too harshly. One wrong move, and it was all going to be over, and she was too close to a toilet to have an accident now.

Still, as she wobbled her way out of the bus, liquid stung against her from both ends. Tiny, hot drops rolled one after the other into her panties and tears burned in the corners of her eyes. They were tears of equal parts humiliation and pain. She was so embarrassed to be seen this way by her teammates, the fact they were all just as desperate as her didn’t change a thing. Carmella was clutching herself, doing a potty-dance like a child, making it so obvious that she needed the toilet in the worst way imaginable.

Carmella was shy about needing to use the bathroom at all, she didn’t ever like to tell people where she was going, she didn’t like notifying others that she had to go. To have no choice but to flail around and jiggle, hands between her legs, was causing her cheeks to scorch a bright, furious red.

After Carmella was Lindsay. She’d needed an extra moment to collect herself before daring to stand up. And, when she did, she actually went so far as to sneak a hand inside of her jeans to apply some direct pressure against her opening. It made her face flame to do that in public, but her bladder needed the reinforcement. She’d take the embarrassment of blatantly cupping herself over the outright devastation of a leak any day.

She kept the hand there as she limped off the bus, only removing it once she was on the pavement outside and she had three sets of eyes on her. She continued to step back and forth in place, swaying in time with Sidney, Jackie and Carmella as they all waited for Allie to join them.

Naturally, all four of them just wanted to rush off and find the bathroom as soon as possible, but they couldn’t abandon a teammate, especially not their captain. Allie would be furious with them, she’d chew them out, she’d scold them. So, they waited for a painfully long minute as Allie made her way out of the vehicle.

Allie genuinely looked like she was on the verge of exploding. Literally. Her middle was visibly bulging out. All four of her teammates could see it clearly, it was even showing through her clothes. She was holding herself, and when she took the final step off the bus, she just folded in half and whimpered noisily. “Mmmmf….” Her feet hopped and drug against the pavement as she tried to regain her bearings. When she was finally able to straighten up again and address the others, she said; “Th—There… We’ve made it. T—Told you. Now, l—let’s find the changing room and put on our un—uniforms, I’m s—sure there’ll be some toilets there t—too.”

They all walked off, moving much slower than any of them would have preferred. The changing room for the ‘away’ team was easy to find once they’d located the football field which was, itself, difficult to miss. So, the girls were all pretty optimistic by that point. They hadn’t needed to frantically search around, they hadn’t needed to risk being late as they looked for the bathroom. They’d found it right away, and their ordeals were just about to be over.

Allie shoved open the door and the five all scrambled in, eyes darting about their new surroundings, seeking out the stalls. And, that was when the dismay started to take over once more.

The bad news? There was only one toilet stall. The worse news? It had an out-of-order sign taped to its door.

For a second, all five of the girls just stared at it in disbelief— They even actually managed to go STILL from the awful shock of the horrible moment. The thing they’d been waiting for through the whole trip had just been snatched away at the last second.

“Dammit!” Jackie exclaimed, frustrated. She stomped a foot angrily, then repeated the action twice more, urgently. “Is this really the ONLY toilet here?”

Sidney limped around the room, as though thinking that a toilet could actually be hidden somewhere. All she could find were lockers and benches, and a sink. Unless they wanted to perch atop the sink to go, they were out of luck. Sidney thought she’d be willing to do that, when a girl had to go, a girl had to go, right? But, she didn’t want to be the ONLY one doing it, she didn’t want to be seen as the weakest link on the team. She would be if she was the sole member that was so desperate she chose to satiate her need in a public sink.

If at least one of the other girls was willing to try it, though… “Well, there’s the sink,” she pointed out, forcing a grimacing smile so that she could more easily play it off as a joke if nobody else went for it.

“Ew, no!” Jackie said, sticking her tongue out in disgust. “You’re so gross!”

Allie and Lindsay didn’t even bother turning in Sidney’s direction. Carmella was blushing so hard she looked like a tomato.

So, none of them were open to that idea…

Sidney flinched, and squeezed her hand between her legs again. “I was just playing around…” she said.

“Well, stop playing,” Allie said. “Start changing.”

“You can’t be serious,” Jackie said. “We need to find another bathroom, I’m gonna burst!”

“I really have to go, too,” Allie rolled her eyes. Her hips hitched involuntarily, as if to emphasize the point. She wanted to toss in ‘I haven’t used the toilet since YESTERDAY, so I’m the only one who should be allowed to complain right now!’ But, she didn’t. They were all miserable with need, it didn’t have to be a competition. Something else DID, though. “But, the contest is gonna start soon, we don’t have the time to look for a different bathroom. Just hold it in until afterwards, and put your uniform on.”

The girls started to change. They were used to dressing and undressing in front of one another, so that wasn’t a problem for any of them— Not even shy Carmella really minded it anymore. But, they had plenty of other problems. The ones wearing pants all sighed with relief upon unbuttoning and unzipping them, their bladders given more space to freely expand. But, the release of pressure was so similar to the sensation of actually peeing that it caused them more harm than good. Allie spurted a leak, and Carmella lost another couple drips.

All of them had trouble when they pulled their bottoms down, the action reminding them all of how much they would have preferred doing that while beside a toilet, about to take a much needed seat. Bending down to pull up their uniform skirts was painful too, all of their bladders were compressed and they let out mewls of urgency in unison.

Changing their tops was a lot easier, but when they took off what they had on, the hardness in their lower bellies was way more visible, especially with poor Allie, who looked like she’d pop if she got poked with anything sharp.

Finally, they were all dressed and ready for the competition. As ready as they could get, anyway. They were going to be playing with a significant handicap, the OTHER team would likely be arriving with nice, empty bladders and thus, able to access their full ranges of motion without anything coming apart inside them. They’d be more focused, more graceful, and overall way more confident as a result.

They went out onto the field, all of them cringing and dragging their feet. As they waited in front of the judges for the other team to arrive, they all tried to stop squirming. They had eyes upon them now, eyes that belonged to people who weren’t sharing in their plight and would thus be more inclined to laugh at their predicament.   Standing still was close to impossible, though. Jackie was in endless, urgent motion. She was basically skipping in place, hopping between her feet and digging them harshly into the turf below them. Her legs crossed back and forth, and it was just all too obvious that she needed to pee. She was incapable of hiding the urgency, incapable of doing ANYTHING to prevent anyone who looked at her from knowing right away that she was close to bursting.

Sidney’s knees kept buckling, body instinctively trying to squat down and assume the position she’d take if she was about to start watering the grass. She’d relieved herself outside before, which she hadn’t enjoyed that much. It had just been a really bad emergency and there weren’t any proper toilets around, so she’d had no choice but to crouch behind a bush and let it flow, a hand clamped over her mouth to muffle all the relieved moans that fell from it.

She wished that she hadn’t recalled that incident. Hiding in a bush wasn’t an option now, and she had to go far worse than she had that time. Thinking about it was making her bladder convulse. She swore, it felt like it was beginning to tear, like a big hole was about to be ripped through its wall and a painful burst of long-held liquid was going to spray ferociously down her legs.

Beside her, she saw that Carmella’s eyes were watering up, face flushed red and body twitching. This must have been really awful for her shy teammate, unable to stop doing a pee-dance out in public. Sidney would have put a hand to her friend’s shoulder in some attempt at comfort and encouragement, but she didn’t want to move her hands from between her legs until she absolutely HAD to. So, instead she just whispered; “This won’t take too long, Carmella. We’ll all make it.”

Lindsay was the only one that was even close to achieving a bit of stillness. Her eyes were clamped closed, reasoning that it would be easier to clear her mind of the fog of desperation if she couldn’t see all the bursting girls surrounding her anymore. She was mentally going through the routine over and over again, fighting to banish all thoughts of urinating. Her urethra was burning, and her body was shaking from each and every one of her muscles being yanked taut. But, she wasn’t hopping or jiggling, and while her legs were basically just glued together, she wasn’t crossing them.

Allie was counting back all the hours it had been since she’d last sat on a toilet. She’d peed at nine yesterday evening, the contest started at noon. She was approaching fifteen hours without a bathroom break, she could scarcely believe she’d been holding it for so long. That had to be some kind of a record, and her wait continued to stretch out endlessly in front of her. Who knew when she’d next even SEE a toilet, much less actually get to use one.

She looked around at her team, three of them dancing around and one trembling with raw need. How were they supposed to compete like this? “Alright, girls,” she said. “I want all of you to just focus on the routine, try to forget that you need to go.”

“How am I supposed to do THAT?” Jackie challenged.

Allie didn’t know. She couldn’t forget how full her own bladder was, after all. “Just DO it,” she said.

“That doesn’t make any sense—“

Before Allie could retort, the other team had arrived. As expected, they all looked confident, cool, and above all COMFORTABLE. None of them displayed even the smallest sign that THEY’D missed out on any toilet breaks. Marcie, the captain of the other team, looked Allie’s over and giggled, “Are those ridiculous dances your routine?”

“No,” Allie huffed. “Just… Um… A warm-up exercise.”

Marcie snorted, “That’s the weirdest warm-up exercise I’VE ever seen.”

Marcie’s team got to perform their routine for the judges first, an advantage of the event happening at their campus. Allie and her squad watched them, sort of to get an idea of what they had to beat, but mostly as a distraction from their brimming bladders. Marcie’s team was very good, they twirled and moved in elegant synchronization. And, none of them were shaking, none of them were shuddering, none of them spontaneously crossed their legs or doubled over in the middle of a move.

That was going to be really tough to beat.

Once Marcie’s group had finished, it was Allie and her team’s turn. They all slowly made their way in front of the judges. Allie could barely part her legs, she needed her thighs to press together, needed SOMETHING there to block the flood that was BEGGING to erupt from her throbbing sphincters. How was she ever supposed to—

She had to try.

The first part of the routine was their pyramid formation. Sidney and Jackie on the very bottom, followed by Lindsay and Carmella in the middle, and finally Allie on top. Usually, the girls could accomplish this very quickly, it was like muscle memory for them. But, now the majority of the muscles in their bodies were preoccupied with something else, something far more pressing.

It did not go off without a hitch. No matter which part of the pyramid a girl was in, she was met with several disadvantages. Sidney and Jackie were forced to withstand the pressure in their bladders, alongside the weight of three girls. Allie didn’t have to worry about holding anyone up, but if she so much as leaked, the stream would cascade down on those below her. Lindsay and Carmella had the worst of both worlds, supporting Allie above them and trying not to wet Sidney and Jackie underneath them.

They had to hold the formation for several seconds before moving on to the next part of the routine. Worse, they each had to have their legs spread apart while they did it. Carmella could barely breathe, she was in a panic, eyes daring everywhere. She accidentally looked up Allie’s skirt for a second, and could see a dark spot in the light grey material of her panties. The thought of how good it must have felt for Allie to even let that little bit out made a boiling drop bead out of Carmella’s own opening. ‘No, no, no!’ She thought. ‘Please!’

It was all soaked into the material of her panties, none of it landing onto Sidney’s head, but what if she dribbled again? What if she just totally peed?!

Sidney felt like the liquid was reaching up to her rib-cage. She had to pee so bad that she was scared she was going to be sick. If she got sick, she’d drop everyone and they’d lose for sure. Plus, she’d probably pee all over herself anyway. ‘You can hold it,’ she thought. ‘You can hold it, you can hold it.’ She didn’t even believe her own thoughts. Her bladder was completely crammed, there wasn’t any room left, and her kidneys hadn’t stopped pumping more liquid down into it.

She realized she was dripping. Uncontrollably. Just, one drop after another warmly rushing into her panties. She couldn’t stop them. The only way to stop them was to plug up their exit pathway, and she couldn’t get her hands down there without dropping everyone. The image of the others all toppled around her as she stood in the midst of them, hands crammed up underneath her skirt. They’d definitely lose. They’d be the most catastrophic loss in the history of the competition.

The dribbling and picked up into a trickling. A real, steady stream that she could feel gliding down her leg. A second later, she stopped feeling the wetness rolling along her leg, but that was only because she was now going— seriously GOING— with so much force that it sprayed right through her panties and straight down into the grass in between her spread legs.

And there was nothing Sidney could do to stop it, either. But, that wasn’t even the worst part of it. No, the worst part was how she didn’t WANT to make it stop. She’d been holding it for so long that she’d forgotten what peeing even FELT like, and now she was remembering that it felt wonderful. Now, she was remembering that it was one of the best feelings in the world, the snap and sudden drop in pressure, the release of everything she’d been forcing herself to contain. It felt so good…

She was in a state of bliss for a few seconds, registering nothing apart from the glorious sensations of her emptying bladder, but as more and more liquid pumped out of her and she was able to return to reality, the full brunt of what she was doing slammed into her. A waterfall was cascading below her as she stood at the bottom of the pyramid during a very important competition.

They were going to lose for sure now, and it was going to be all her fault.

Beside her, Jackie was the first to notice what Sidney was doing, and that her bladder had failed. “Hold it!” She whispered sharply, there was a plea in her tone. Sidney HAD to hold it, because if Jackie had to watch and listen to that torrent anymore, she was going to add to the puddle Sidney was currently making.

“I can’t!” Sidney gasped out. “I can’t, I can’t, I— Ohhhh…” her protests turned into an involuntary moan of pleasure as a shiver went up her spine. It had never felt so good to pee…

Carmella noticed next, and the sound of all that rushing water made her leak again, enough that it started to roll down her leg. She squeezed her eyes shut. ‘Please, please, please!’ She thought. ‘No more! Let me hold the rest!’ She managed to clamp off the flow, but it all wanted out so bad…

Next was Lindsay. Sidney’s uncontainable burst made it VERY difficult for her to continue redirecting her thoughts AWAY from urination. No matter how tightly she shut her eyes, she could still HEAR that hissing spray, and now that sound was mixed with Sidney’s breathless exhales of relief. ‘Don’t pee!’ Lindsay begged herself. ‘Hold it! Hold it! Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it!’ There was a deep throbbing pulse, and then a small squirt into her panties, but the rest stayed where it belonged.

Allie didn’t realize what had happened until after she enacted the next phase of their routine. It was one that she had been dreading, as it required her to launch herself off the top, perform a somersault in the air, and then land on her feet in front of the others. This was difficult to do even at the BEST of times, but when she was holding over fifteen hours worth of liquids, she wasn’t even sure if it would be possible.

She leapt, and her lower muscles pulled down on themselves with the momentum. A gush warmed the area between her thighs, and she continued to let go of a halting dribble as she made herself spin in midair. She completely botched the landing, falling hard on her back instead of on her feet. The impact knocked the wind right out of her, and something else along with it. Her dribbling turned into a firehose and liquid ejected forcibly as she laid there, trying to remember which way was up and how to breathe. She didn’t even notice that she was having an accident, past all the aches and pains now wracking through her, and the dismay at the fact that they’d definitely lost now.

When the meteoric drop in pressure finally hit her, and she realized that she was letting out an ocean, she moaned with equal parts despair and relief. When it struck her that since her skirt had flown up when she’d fallen her rapidly darkening panties and thick pee stream were on full display, the moan turned into one only of despair.

Her eyes darted to the rest of the team just in time to catch the tail-end of Sidney’s release before her stream receded and only a few lingering dribbles were still pattering into the grass. Allie hadn’t been the only one to burst, but her accident was definitely the more dramatic of the two. And the most unacceptable. She was the captain, if anyone should have been able to wait, it should have been her.

She’d cost them the competition, all because her alarm clock hadn’t gone off and had set this awful chain of events in motion. Clearly, if she’d only exploded after fifteen hours, then if she’d been ALLOWED her morning pee today, this wouldn’t have happened.

The other girls broke apart from the pyramid. There was more to their routine, but at that point it seemed pretty pointless to continue. This had been a disaster. Marcie’s team was going to win by default, scoring extra points for none of them leaving any puddles in the grass.

Allie continued laying there in a bit of shock until she felt the last of her urine trickle out. She was empty, finally. But, she didn’t feel much relief. She felt shame and disgust with herself, and her abdomen just felt sore instead of more relaxed. She’d never held so much, she was scared she might have actually broken her bladder now.

Sidney, the only other girl without a full bladder, helped Allie back up. “I’m sorry,” she said. “There’s… There’s always next time.”

Allie brushed her off. “I can’t believe this…” she whimpered. “Why did the bathroom have to be out of order?! This isn’t fair!”

“I know…” Sidney told her. She wished there was something else she could offer her. “Let’s go change, okay?”

“Fine,” Allie huffed. “Not like there’s anything else for us here.”

Back in the changing room, the girls undressed again. This was easiest for Allie and Sidney who no longer had swollen middles to contend with. They both wished they’d brought spare sets of panties to change into though, wearing the wet ones all through the return trip wasn’t going to be comfortable.

For the three still holding on, getting re-dressed wasn’t easy. They cringed as they zipped their pants up again. Carmella couldn’t even bring herself to fasten the button closed again. It didn’t look like she’d be capable of doing that even if she tried, though. Her lower belly was so rounded and firm that the button would likely just pop open again.

Jackie asked if there was time to find a different bathroom before they had to leave, and Allie shook her head. “We’re not staying here anymore,” she said, ice lacing her voice. “Hold it!”

“Oh? Like YOU didn’t?” Jackie asked, tone just as cold.

“I’d like to see YOU keep holding it while doing that trick,” Allie shot back. “Instead of nice and comfy on the bottom of the pyramid!”

“Maybe I shouldn’t be on the bottom anymore, then!”

Sidney stepped between them, she hated when her teammates fought… “Hey,” she said. “Let’s calm down.”   “Easy for you to say,” Jackie scoffed. “You’re not holding it anymore, either.”

“If you want to pee, be my guest,” Allie said. “Let it out. Right here.”

Now put on the spot like that, the accident that Jackie had been certain of for ages suddenly felt impossible. Her blood ran cold, everyone was looking at her, anticipating her next actions. Did she go along with this, flood herself to put an end to her torment? Or, did she keep trying to wait it out?

A part of her wanted to have an accident, she’d been holding it for so long that letting it go ANYWHERE, even in her pants, would be amazing. For a hesitant moment, she tried to do exactly that. She felt pressure building in her opening, but her muscles kept squeezing it back. She couldn’t wet herself with everyone watching, especially not after being ordered to do it like that.

Soon, five girls were back on the bus. Two damp, three still coming apart at their seams and holding it. Lindsay strategically positioned herself at the front of the bus. She knew that the bumps would be felt much more intensely towards the back of it, and the last thing she needed was for her bladder to be shaken all around. Immediately, she tucked both of her hands against herself and began rocking against her wrists.

She wished Allie had permitted them to look around for another bathroom. She wished that very, very badly. But, Allie was in a terrible mood now— Not that Lindsay could blame her— and there was no arguing with her when she got like this.

There was nothing Lindsay could do but hang on until they arrived back at their own campus. Then, she’d lock herself into the nearest bathroom stall, yank down her jeans and panties and unleash a loud, rushing, orgasmic pee. She’d sit there, shuddering with relief, moaning for all she was worth. She’d be stunned that peeing could possibly feel that good, and she’d—

Ripped from her fantasy and trapped back on the bus, Lindsay felt a slow dribble flowing forth. She tightened her grip. ‘Focus now…’ she told herself. ‘Don’t think about peeing until you’re actually doing it. Hold it in…’

Jackie was so ticked off at Allie that she sat as far away from her as she possibly could, which meant she was at the very back of the bus. She hadn’t even been thinking about how much bumpier the ride would feel back there, just about how much she DIDN’T want to be near Allie.

She regretted her choice as soon as the bus started to move, but she needed to pee too badly to stand up again. When she began to rise out of her seat, pee started to flow into her jeans, and she quickly slammed her ass back down and wriggled it frantically against the cushioning. Startled panic ebbed into her, how was she gonna get to the bathroom once the bus stopped if she couldn’t stand?

She hoped maybe she’d have a better handle on things by then, but she really doubted it. Her bladder was bound to be even fuller at that point, heavier than it was now, even less willing to be picked up and carried around without spilling over in a flood. She moaned every time the bus drove over a speed-bump, and each moan was accompanied by an uncontainable blast of pee.

Beneath her palms, she could feel that she was growing sodden. She’d given up hope on making it back dry, she was already pretty well soaked. She couldn’t move her hands or part her legs enough to check, but she was certain there was a sizable dark spot on her pants. Anyone who looked at her would know that she’d peed herself.

Still, Jackie was BEGGING herself to hang on, to at least wait until she could let MOST of her pee out into an actual toilet. She couldn’t have a total accident, could she? But, having watched two of her team-mates explode today, the possibility that she too would flood her pants seemed more real than ever before.

Carmella had started to cry, not loudly, just some muffled sniffling as tears went down her cheeks. She was utterly miserable. Humiliation was draped over her, and her heart wouldn’t slow down. She didn’t think she could make it. She was practically having an accident already, and her bladder hurt so much! She’d never suffered such an immense crisis of need in her entire life, she’d never felt so certain that she just COULDN’T hold it, while trapped somewhere with no option but to keep trying.

It was utterly panic-inducing. Her vision was blurring from the anxiety and the tears, or maybe all the fluid locked inside of her was trying to force its way out through any gap it could find. She was full. She was as full as full could get, yet somehow her desperation CONTINUED to increase. She was trickling into her panties, but every painful leak did nothing to lessen the pressure. If anything, the sudden bursts of pee that she couldn’t hold back were only making her need to go worse. Her holding muscles were so raw, sore and irritated from the constant starting and stopping.

Sidney was next to her and trying to help her feel better, trying to tell her that the ride back wouldn’t be THAT long, but Carmella knew that was a lie. She knew exactly how much distance they still had left before they would be at their campus again. And, she knew she couldn’t last that long.

Carmella wriggled and thrashed, but it did no good. She cupped herself and rocked forwards and backwards, but it did no good. She thought about dry things, but it did no good. The only thing that would help now would be actually getting to sit down on a toilet, but obviously that wasn’t going to happen.

She was startled and horrified by the sound of liquid splashing against the floor. No! No, no! No! Please! She tightened her hold on herself, and realized that she didn’t feel any hot fluid pooling up in her palms or bursting from between her fingers. She wasn’t full-on wetting herself.

Jackie was.

“Mmmmf!” Jackie squealed from the back of the bus, stomping her feet relentlessly against the rapidly growing puddle beneath her. Her eyes were blown wide open, a tsunami releasing from her with the force of multiple fire-hoses. She was still gripping herself, but all that accomplished was her getting her hands wet. Her dam had broken, it had crumbled into tiny, microscopic little pieces and there was no hope of putting it back together again. She was peeing, and she was going to keep peeing until she was totally devoid of liquid.

And that took a while. Jackie had never held in that much before. Previous episodes of desperation could not even HOPE to compare to what she’d gone through today. She wouldn’t be surprised if she was letting out an entire liter now. It just kept coming and coming, picking up speed and hissing loud enough to make her ears ring— Or maybe that was just the frustration and embarrassment that was doing that.

Her long-held waters soaked the seat below her and splashed out onto the floor. Everyone on the bus was turning to look at her, even the two girls that were still hanging on and would thus be tortured further by the sight of her accident. The noise she was making was too intense to be ignored.

When she finally tapped out, well over a minute after she’d started, Jackie just slumped in her seat. She felt too defeated to even move to a dry one. Not that it would make much difference, her clothes were absolutely drenched, like they’d just gone through a hurricane.

She whimpered, holding her head in her hands. She couldn’t believe that had actually just happened. And, she hated herself for feeling a bit relieved over it. She’d needed that so bad, not having to hold it anymore was almost enough to make up for the humiliation.

Besides, two of her teammates had already soaked themselves, and the other two were obviously well on their way to doing it as well. By the time the ride ended, five girls would be sitting in wet panties. At least Jackie wasn’t gonna be alone.

Lindsay shuddered as Jackie finished her accident. The sight and sound of it had been enough to draw a few needful leaks out of her own bladder. When she wriggled her hips, she could feel the clamminess of her panties. It didn’t feel like anything had seeped through to her jeans yet, and she had to really strain her muscles to make sure that didn’t happen.

She kept glancing out the window, counting the number of blocks separating her from much needed relief. ‘You can make it,” she told herself. She had abandoned her strategy of just trying not to THINK about her need, because it had become all-consuming. So, now she was focused entirely on mentally chanting to herself that she could withstand it. If she repeated it enough times, she hoped that it might come true.

Carmella was trying a similar tactic, mumbling “I can make it, I can make it, I can make it…” But, she couldn’t believe the words even as she was saying them. Her steady dribbling had been replaced by occasional, rushing bursts, and her hands were already drenched. They felt really gross, covered in her own pee. She was sure they smelled strongly now as well. She was so miserable.

Now that Jackie had wet herself, Carmella was having an even harder time hanging on. At last, some of the embarrassment was fading. Everyone was having an accident today, if she did it, it wouldn’t matter. The shock of it would be gone, she’d just be one more girl who couldn’t hold it alongside a whole group of them.

Her motivation to keep waiting was fading. She was already so wet that she’d have to change, the seat below her was sodden too, so she wasn’t even protecting IT from getting messy. Her insides were twisting and churning so violently and all she wanted was for the pain to finally stop.

She wasn’t entirely sure if she made the conscious decision to begin wetting herself or not, but as she kept mentally counting off all the reasons that it didn’t MATTER if she continued holding it, her defenses all wore away. She was peeing. She was peeing for all she was worth, a stream erupting from her that was so noisy it drew everyone’s attention.

She covered her face in shame as her teammates all watched her have an accident, she squirmed beneath their gazes, which of course did nothing to stem the flow from her bladder. Now that she was going, there was no way she could stop. Against her will, her body started to shake, a shiver of intense relief as the pressure finally faded after so many hours of painful restraint. Why? Why did this have to feel so good? Why did this have to make her eyes roll back in her head, why did this have to make her want to moan?

She kept trembling as wave after wave poured out of her, she didn’t WANT it to feel good, but it just DID. It felt amazing, she wanted to pee forever, she wanted to feel this bliss for the rest of her life, and to never feel the terrible throbs of holding it in again.

Of course, it had to stop eventually. Like Jackie, it took way over a minute for Carmella to drain out. Once she was emptied, she started to cry again. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I tried so hard to hold it!”

“It’s okay,” Sidney said. “None of us was able to hold it…”

Except for Lindsay anyway, but it seemed Sidney had forgotten that one of them was still full. She remembered once Lindsay released a pained groan and doubled forwards.

“Lindsay,” Sidney said. “If you can’t make it, that’s fine.”

Lindsay KNEW that it would be okay. No one here would have any business making fun of her after today. They all probably just EXPECTED her to wet herself now, because that was how the day had been going.

Lindsay still felt like she might be able to keep herself plugged shut, though. Gazing out the window, she could tell they were close. Maybe ten minutes. Ten minutes that she needed to move a whole Hell of a lot faster, but still— It wasn’t that much further! She could do this!

‘Hold it,’ she ordered herself. ‘Hold it… Hold it, hold it, hold it…’ She repeated this mantra all the way back to their campus, but she didn’t let herself relax when the bus stopped. She’d made it here, yes, but she still had to find a toilet in time. She still had to stand up, walk off the bus, get to a stall, lock the door, pull down her pants, sit… She still had so much to do before she could rest.

She just hoped she could manage all of that.

The damp girls all piled off the bus right away, red-faced, blushing and eager to get themselves changed into dry panties before someone else noticed how drenched they were. Lindsay stayed back, collecting herself.

She sucked in a sharp breath when she finally stood from her seat. She glanced down at it for a second, double checking that none of her leaks had made it to the material. It was still clean… It was okay… Everything was going to be okay, she just had to… Had to start walking.

She hobbled from the bus, folded in half with her hands crammed between her thighs. Lindsay was aware that this was an utterly blatant display of desperation and she was likely to walk past a few people before she reached a bathroom. But, she could hardly care about that. If it prevented an accident, then she’d pee-dance for all she was worth no matter who was looking her way.

She struggled to remember where the nearest facilities were to her current location. Determining that she’d be on the toilet the fastest if she went to the campus cafe, she limped in that direction. She did pass other students along the way, and she could feel their eyes all scorching into her quivering back. She ignored them. They didn’t matter. All that mattered was using the toilet. Ohhh, she needed a toilet…

She shoved open the door to the cafe and hobbled in. A few heads swiveled to look at her, and she shut her eyes against them as she paused to regain her bearings for a second. She was so close now… Her bladder was ripping and tearing, threatening to break apart right there. Being so close to a bathroom was making her need one worse than ever, prompting her body to try to get ahead of her and begin emptying before she was actually ready.

Once she felt like she’d be able to walk without peeing, she resumed her shaky paces. She made it to the back of the cafe, eyes stinging as she looked up at the sign for the women’s room. It felt like it had been a lifetime since she’d last seen such a sign. She forced one hand away from her crotch to push it open and was met with—

A line…

No… No, please, no… Not now. Any time but now… She couldn’t wait any longer!

There were two stalls, both in use. Two girls blissfully letting go of hissing streams that echoed in the small room. One of them even gave a tiny sigh that wrapped a fist around Lindsay’s exploding bladder. This was torture, pure and simple torture…

Three women were ahead of her in the line, and she forced herself to stand behind them, hopeful that they’d all be done quickly. She considered looking for another restroom without a line, but didn’t think her bladder could handle much more walking before it crumbled. She didn’t bother asking if she could cut, because the girls ahead of her were twisting and crossing their legs, obviously eager to claim their stalls. They wouldn’t be willing to let her cut ahead.

The two who were lucky enough to actually be going were still peeing forcefully, they must have been holding it a while too. Lindsay tried to recall if any of the departments were doing exams today, that would explain all the desperation.

A toilet flushed, a pink-faced girl emerged from a stall, and the woman at the front of the line eagerly rushed into it. Lindsay jiggled and bobbed as she waited, not daring to let go of herself. When the other toilet flushed she bent forwards, doubling over and moaning. She had never needed to go so bad… Even the sinks a woman was now washing her hands at were beginning to look tempting.

She imagined herself yanking down her panties and positioning herself over the basin, finally unloading her burden… She had to shake her head to clear it of that image. She couldn’t do that, not right in front of people…

‘Ohhh, please just hurry…’ Lindsay thought as a toilet flushed again and the last woman separating her from relief took the spot. ‘I need to go NOW— RIGHT now! Have to—‘

At last, the other toilet flushed and the door to the stall started to open. Lindsay barreled her way into it, accidentally shoving the girl that was exiting. She muttered a muffled “Sorry,” as she clattered the lock into place, dancing between her feet and leaking a forceful gush. She yanked her pants down and threw herself onto the seat.

After holding it in for so long, it actually took several seconds for her bladder to get the message that it was OKAY to empty now. She squirmed on the toilet, rubbing a hand over her swollen, aching midsection. When she finally DID start to go, it was a slow trickle that didn’t do much to actually relieve her agony. It took a bit of time for her bladder to fully release.

But… Ohhhh, once it did… She moaned with immense pleasure as her body fully relaxed at last, it felt wonderful, and she just rested there limply as her body did what it had been dying to do for so, so long. It just kept gushing and pouring with no end in sight, making her pant and gasp as her tongue lolled with utter relief.

Like her fellow teammates, it took her over a minute to completely evacuate her bladder. In fact, it took her close to two to wring out every last drop of her ocean. Even after she was done, she just sat there for a moment. She was so exhausted, her legs felt limp… She didn’t think she could stand back up again.

But, she finally forced herself to when she heard the panicked groans of someone outside her stall, “Ohh, hurry! Please— I can’t hold it anymore!”

She stood, flushed and left her stall so that the next bursting girl could take it. As she washed her hands, she heard that girl start to pee, heard her erupt with a few moans. Lindsay blushed, certain that she must have sounded almost exactly like that.

Finally done, she left the bathroom, face reddening more as she went back through the cafe, past all the people who’d seen her so full and needy only minutes before.

Once outside, Lindsay decided it would be best if she checked on her teammates, they could probably all use some comfort after their accidents today.

}}

Follow up to this one:

After that awful day at the cheer competition, there were some changes. And none of them were good. They lost the contest, obviously. They received the lowest score out of any team that had ever competed. To say that the coach was disappointed in them would be a grievous under-statement. It didn’t even matter that their defeat had been more due to the forces of nature than any lack of skill on their part, the coach’s disappointment was palpable. He was so let down when he learned of exactly WHAT had gone wrong that day, that he decided to re-arrange the team a bit.

Allie was no longer going to be their captain. Lindsay would be taking her place. Of course, she HAD been Allie’s second-in-command, so if anyone was ever going to replace her, it made sense for that to be Lindsay. But, Allie couldn’t help but think that the REAL reason their coach had selected Lindsay was because SHE had been the only one to make it through that horrible day without completely drenching her panties. She had been the only one to actually hold her pee long enough to reach a toilet and relieve herself correctly.

Allie was devastated, of course. Being the team captain had meant so much to her, it was something that she could actually feel proud of herself for. Her grades weren’t the best, and she still wasn’t even sure if she had chosen the correct major, but she was in charge of what USED to be a great cheer team. And now, one terrible competition had destroyed all of that. She wasn’t the captain anymore, and the authority she’d held over the other members was gone. The respect they used to show her was gone. The pride she used to feel was gone.

And, the worst part of all of it was that it WASN’T even her fault. Not really, anyway. The job description of ‘cheer team captain’ wasn’t supposed to entail forcing a bathroom to materialize through the sheer force of will. It wasn’t HER fault that they hadn’t had any chances to go. She hadn’t CAUSED any of that to happen— If she’d been in control of the situation, they would have had the time to pee before the competition. But, she HADN’T been in control of it at all, so blaming her was just ridiculous.

But, try telling that to Jackie. Jackie blamed Allie COMPLETELY for what had happened. None of the girls revered Allie in the way that they used to, none of them saw her as their infallible leader anymore, but Jackie was the only one who seemed to outright just DISLIKE Allie now.

It had been Allie who had refused to let them look for a bathroom before leaving the competition, all because SHE was so embarrassed about having already wet herself. If Allie had let them look, then Jackie and Carmella would have made it. They wouldn’t have been forced to flood themselves during the bus ride back to their campus. But, oh no, Allie had to choose to be selfish instead. She had to be vindictive. Jackie could picture what she must have been thinking; ‘If I had to wet myself, then so do all of you!’

Their friendship which, truth be told, had been tenuous at best even BEFORE the incident, completely deteriorated. With Allie no longer in the position of captain, it was all the easier for Jackie to scorn her. Sidney and Carmella both TRIED to bring about some kind of peace, but it wasn’t working. Jackie and Allie barely spoke to one another, and when they did, an argument was inevitable. The topics of their disagreements ranged, but even if neither girl mentioned it directly, everyone knew what subject was lurking around just beneath the surface.

Jackie and Allie only had one class together, and the tension was always so thick whenever they arrived to it. They sat on opposite ends of the room from each other if it was possible. Any time too many seats were taken and they HAD to be near one another, Jackie would glare daggers at Allie the whole time.

Carmella shared that class with them as well, and was stuck watching uncomfortably as her two team mates scowled at each other. After class one day, Allie apparently got fed up with all the glowering, because she hissed at Jackie; “Just get over it already. I’m the one who lost everything that day for no reason, not you.”

Jackie snorted derisively. “Yeah,” she said. “Sure. ‘No reason’.”

“You think I’m the one who broke the toilet in the locker room?” Allie snapped. “How was ANY of that my fault?!”

“You could have let us find a different bathroom before we left,” Jackie said. “There was plenty of time to do that after you wet yourself and cost us the contest.”

Allie’s face turned beet red. It was difficult to tell if the coloration was from anger or from embarrassment. “I hadn’t peed since the day before,” she said. “A person’s body isn’t BUILT to wait that long, you—“

“Yeah, yeah, I’ve heard it before,” Jackie said. “But, Carmella and I still could have made it if you’d just given us a chance! Tell her, Carmella.”

Carmella looked down at her feet. She didn’t want to prolong the argument, and agreeing with Jackie would do EXACTLY that. Still, she knew that Jackie was right. If she hadn’t been forced back onto that bus without first looking for a bathroom, there was a very decent chance that she would have been able to use the toilet instead of her pants. She just kept herself quiet.

Jackie nudged her, “Carmella. I’m right, aren’t I? I’m totally right, and you know it. It’s Allie’s fault that happened to us.”

Carmella looked away, “… Well, it’s over now anyway,” she said. “W—We can move on.” She hoped that suggestion would at least bring some TEMPORARY peace, as both Allie and Jackie accepted that SHE didn’t want any part of this confrontation.

It didn’t.

“Move on?!” Both Jackie and Allie cried in unison.

“Are you kidding me?” Allie asked. “I was humiliated in front of all of you, the judges, another team… I can’t even be captain anymore, and you think I can move on?!”

Carmella flinched and tried to stop her body from shaking. She felt like she was under a spotlight, the kind police officers would shine on her if she was being interrogated for a horrible crime. “Th—There’s nothing we can DO about it now. I—It wasn’t anyone’s fault.”

Jackie scoffed, “You KNOW that’s a lie,” she said. “We didn’t NEED to get back on the bus right that second, you didn’t NEED to wet yourself in front of all of us. Allie did that to you, I’m sure you’ve realized that by now.”

Yes, Carmella HAD realized that. She’d understood that ever since the day it had happened. But, she didn’t WANT to dwell on it, or spend time being angry at Allie when the other girl had already been punished plenty. She too had wet herself, she had lost something important to her, that was ENOUGH to Carmella. She wished that Jackie was able to see it as some kind of ‘justice’ as well. But, obviously, she couldn’t.

Jackie and Allie kept arguing as Carmella anxiously slipped out of the room. Neither one seemed to even notice her leaving. She breathed a sigh of relief as soon as she was out of their sight. She was grateful to be away from the arguing, and also grateful to be on her way to a restroom— Even though she didn’t have to go that badly.

That was the major thing that had changed for Carmella after that day. She was beyond terrified of something similar to her again. She was afraid to feel her bladder get that breathtakingly, painfully full again. She was mortified by the idea of having another accident— Especially if it was with an audience. So far, she had already had two nightmares in which she was standing somewhere in public, feeling fine, only for her bladder to suddenly cramp up furiously and for a waterfall of pee to begin gushing forcefully down her legs as everyone stared.

Both times, she’d woken up in a panic, feeling a hair’s breadth away from drenching her sheets.

Plus, whenever she was out, if she felt even a hint of pressure in her bladder, she started to get anxious. She would find herself trying to locate the nearest bathroom, just so she knew it was there. She made sure to empty her bladder after every, single class, no matter how little she actually felt the urge. She knew that this probably wasn’t good, and that the panicked tingles she now got in her arms any time she thought she MIGHT need to go pee soon weren’t normal. She was an adult, and she’d only had ONE accident after hours upon hours of desperate holding and clenching. There was no reason for her to think that she was suddenly going to turn incontinent and pee her pants all of the time.

But, the nerves were there, and they were extreme. Being overly cautious about her bladder was the only way she could deal with them, the only way to quell the bussing twitches inside her body which screamed at her that another humiliation was inevitable.

She quickly made her way down the hall and into the nearest women’s room. Her bladder pulsed as the door shut behind her. That was ANOTHER new thing, the phantom pangs in her bladder got really bad whenever she was close to a toilet now, little jolts at her opening that made her feel like she was going to leak.

She locked herself into a stall and quickly sat down. Her bladder released the instant she was on the seat, and she sighed to herself. The anxiety all went away— The only times she DIDN’T feel at least a little nervous these days were the moments that she was already on a toilet. As hard as she tried, she couldn’t make herself trust her own body again. Unless her pants were around her ankles and she felt cool porcelain beneath her, she was constantly on-alert for any signs that she was going to drench herself in an enormous flood. No amount of ‘It was only ONE time, it won’t happen again!’ could convince her otherwise.

She finished peeing and stood up. As she washed her hands, she wished there was some way to fix her new anxiety issue— She really wished there was a way to fix things between Jackie and Allie.

***

The next time Allie and Jackie had to attend their class together, they both assumed that they wouldn’t have any time to argue with each other, nor would they really be able to do it. It was an exam day, so speaking wasn’t going to be permitted. Jackie wasn’t too thrilled about it, however. She realized that she’d spent most of her time in this class for the last couple weeks just scowling at Allie and fighting with her. That left very, very little time to actually pay attention or take any decent notes.

Jackie knew that was a really, REALLY bad sign, so when the morning of the exam came, she decided to try to make up for all of that by cramming as much as she could. Of course, she didn’t HAVE anything to really study with, since her own notes lately were all minimal and sporadic. Luckily Carmella HAD been paying attention in class, and Jackie was able to convince her to meet up the library a couple hours before exam time.

When she arrived at the library, Jackie found Carmella standing in line for the restroom. The line was pretty long, and Carmella had quite a few people left ahead of her. She was also not acting particularly desperate. Jackie thought that MAYBE her thighs were pressed up against each other a little tightly, but this didn’t seem to be an emergency for her at all. Hell, Jackie wouldn’t be shocked if all Carmella had wanted to do in there was just wash off her hands.

Carmella didn’t seem to have noticed her yet, so Jackie tapped her shoulder; “Hey!” She said. “The test’s in just a couple hours, we need to get started.”

Carmella jumped slightly, and Jackie noticed her legs cross ever-so-slightly in the moments afterwards. Carmella turned. “Oh,” she said. “I—In a minute… I need..” she was seemingly unable to finish the statement, even though her current location made it pretty clear what she needed. She hefted her bag off her shoulder. “I could go ahead and give you my notes now, though.”

That wasn’t going to work. Jackie had barely paid ANY attention lately. She was going to need someone to EXPLAIN what was written down on those notes to her. “Come on,” Jackie said. “This line is too long, we’ll have to go to class by the time you finally get to the front. And it doesn’t even look like you need to go that much.” That last part that she’d tacked on felt a bit mean, but she pushed the thought aside.

Carmella’s face flamed bright red, and she fidgeted a few more times. It made it look like, perhaps, she actually DID need to go a bit badly. Jackie told herself to ignore THAT too. If Carmella really had to pee, there would still be plenty of time before the exam for her to do so. “I—“

“Okay, come on,” Jackie extended her hand and took hold of Carmella’s wrist, tugging her out of the line, away from the restroom. The girl whom had been waiting behind Carmella stepped forward, sealing her fate.

Carmella tripped and stumbled as she tried to keep up with Jackie. Her heart was thrumming now. This wasn’t fair! Carmella couldn’t help but note how, after spending weeks fuming at Allie for not letting her pee when she needed to, Jackie was now dragging her away from a much needed toilet. If Carmella had been a different person, a bolder person, a person whom wasn’t so shy and ashamed of her body’s basic needs, she might have even said something about it.

As it was, she stayed silent and allowed Jackie to drag her over to a table, promising herself that she’d get up and return to that line the second she was able to. She just had to hope that it didn’t get too much longer in the meantime. Carmella sat down on the plush library chair, wishing that it were made of porcelain instead. She jiggled one of her knees as she took out her notes and laid them out on the table for Jackie.

Jackie stared at them blankly for a second, and Carmella realized she was going to have to go over them herself. That shouldn’t have been such a surprise, considering what Jackie had been focused on the last few weeks. Carmella tried not to feel annoyed, tried telling herself that teaching these concepts to Jackie would help HER study, too.

Carmella was able to just focus on that for a little while. Her need for the bathroom was ever-present and nerve-wracking, but it helped to have something else to take her mind off of it for a while. As she went over the material with Jackie, she twisted her legs around and, every so often, felt sharp jolting flares against her opening. The worst part was that she wasn’t sure if those pulses of extreme need were genuine or not. She didn’t know if they were a product of her bladder actually starting to get a bit too full, or just the result of her anxious brain trying to CONVINCE her that she was going to pop.

Another huge issue Carmella had to contend with was, now with the library’s restroom out of view, she had no idea what the line was like. She didn’t know if it had gotten shorter since Jackie had tugged her out and away from it, or if it had instead grown even longer. This constantly weighed in the back of her mind, fearful that she might not have a chance to relieve herself before the exam if she didn’t do something about it very soon.

Carmella kept fidgeting and glancing from side to side, as if another bathroom would spontaneously appear inside the library to let her know that everything was going to be okay, and that she would have plenty of time to pee before she had to go to class.

They continued to study and were making decent enough progress. Jackie even thought that she would be able to remember all of this once the exam started. Talking and working with Carmella was also helping her to keep her mind off of her feud with Allie. Before long, she was also trying to use Carmella’s company to take her mind off of a nagging, bloated pressure that was beginning to form in her midsection. ‘Oh, come on,’ she thought. ‘Not now.’ Yet, no matter how hard she tried to deny it, the truth was right there; Jackie needed to pee. Any time she managed to completely shove it to the back of her consciousness, it came back with a ferocious, panging vengeance.

At one point, Carmella paused right in the middle of a sentence to let out a hurt sounded “Mmmf…” as her thighs rubbed together rather quickly. Jackie could tell that her friend’s own bladder was acting up just as angrily, and she DID feel a bit worse now for dragging her away from a needed bathroom break. Not bad enough to tell Carmella to just get up and pee, though. She still needed her help for a little while longer.

Besides, Carmella hadn’t TOLD Jackie that she couldn’t wait much longer, so that meant she was just fine. Of course, Jackie knew that Carmella wasn’t the type of person TO say things like that, no matter how true they may have been, but she ignored that nagging doubt and continued to ask her friend question after question.

Eventually, Carmella had stood up out of her chair so that she could pace in place, her hands gripping onto the bottoms of her shorts and tugging frustratedly at them. Her palms looked clammy and sweaty, and her eyes were wide. She’d sway back and forth between her feet, then snap her legs together and lean over the table as she took deep, steadying breaths. It was obvious how truly desperate she was getting, but she still hadn’t tried asking Jackie again for a toilet break.

Perhaps as some form of karma, Carmella’s blatant discomfort and need was starting to rub off on Jackie, and she felt her own bladder growing fuller and fuller at an alarmingly rapid pace. Soon, she was inching her thighs very closely together. Her skirt was starting to feel like a binder overtop of her bladder, and every time she accidentally shifted her position, she would jostle the heavy load of liquid with a cruel amount of motion. Even the tiniest unintentional change in her posture would bring with it a sharp, burning pressure to the opening between her legs, as if all of the liquid within her was being squeezed right up against the tightly closed exit.

Foolishly, Jackie reminded herself of the last time she had been desperate to pee, and how long it had actually taken for her to lose control, how the only reason she’d lost control at ALL was because Allie had refused her access to a toilet. She reminded herself that such issues would not repeat today, because there were tons of bathrooms on campus and she would be able to use one long before she reached the point of no return and her panties paid the price. Unfortunately for her, recalling all of this, bringing back the memory of that awful day, also caused her to remember how it had FELT to wet herself, that total loss of control, the horror mixed with untold amounts of mind-breaking relief as her bladder emptied itself after so many hours of agonizing restraint.

Thinking about herself peeing— Even accidentally all over her clothes— was not helping her out in her present situation. It was making her want to empty herself even more strongly. Jackie was still firmly in control, she didn’t even think there were any leaks on the horizon for her, but there was an unshakable sense of dread and anxiety, her bladder’s fullness impossible for her to ignore. And, the more time ticked by, the worse she had to go.

Carmella was really squirming now, too. Jackie even noticed her hands drifting down near her crotch for a squeeze, before she frantically pulled them away and clasped them behind her back before they could make contact. The sweat shining on Carmella’s brow and the tremor in her voice as she talked made it abundantly clear that she was having a real, serious problem now.

Jackie forced the concern for her friend aside with a very forceful squeeze of her thighs. Jackie ignored the thin layer of sweat beading on her own forehead, along with the jiggling of her legs and the resulting tapping of her feet against the tile flooring of the library. This lasted a few more minutes, up until Jackie noticed all the nervous glances Carmella kept giving to the clock on the wall.

They were running out of time before their exam was due to begin, and they both really, REALLY had to pee before they got there.

“We should stop,” Jackie decided, standing up from her seat. She had failed to brace herself for the impact this motion would have upon her bladder. It sloshed roughly and the mere act of standing up slammed a hard pain into her abdomen, the watery weight of her overburdened bladder bearing down against her trembling urethra. Without meaning to, she pressed a hand firmly between her legs and was relieved when she felt nothing but dry material there. “Y—You said you had to use the bathroom before, right? I need to go too, so let’s make sure we have enough time to do that.”

Carmella immediately felt relieved at Jackie’s words. She nodded at her friend, face scorching red at how eager she must have looked, how blatant her desperation must have been. Of course, she knew she’d BEEN acting rather obvious this whole time, shimmying all around and shaking as she struggled to speak, but now that they were on their way TO a bathroom she found herself feeling more awkward than ever about it.

The two quickly went over to the library’s restroom, but the line was now WAY longer than it had been when Carmella had been waiting in it earlier. It was now so long that it wrapped around one of the walls in an L-shape. Carmella was unable to restrain her audible wince and she froze so suddenly that Jackie nearly crashed into her. Carmella stepped lightly in place, her face burning as she turned to Jackie and said “I don’t think we can use this one before our test. Let’s try somewhere else.”

Jackie agreed, but when they left the library and went into the next building, they were met with a similar sight. The line wasn’t AS long, but with nine women lined up for one single-stall bathroom, it was STILL too long for them to get a turn without being late to class. They hurried from building to building, both feeling more weighted down and bloated with each step, but everywhere they checked, it was always the same. Jackie and Carmella were both carrying uncomfortably full bladders, but there didn’t seem to be ANYWHERE that they could quickly empty them out. The lines were intense too, and it was clear that neither one of them would be allowed to cut. The women waiting all looked impatient, a few of them were even acting blatantly desperate, shifting between their feet or bobbing up and down. One woman was even clutching at herself openly, clearly about to soak her jeans.

Even if Jackie and Carmella asked to cut, even if they admitted that they were bursting and in a hurry to get to their exam on time, no one would take pity on them.

Eventually, they gave in and got into the shortest line they could locate. Carmella’s eyes were watering. The pressure slamming against her bladder’s constantly spasming, contracting walls was getting so intense, and her arms and hands were turning icy cold with anxiety. She kept feeling like trickles were about to start spurting into her panties. She continually rubbed her thighs together, both to help keep her flood at bay, and to check that she was still dry. She was approaching a full-blown panic, and she just wished Jackie had let her go pee earlier. She’d already WAITED in a line like this once today, and it hadn’t yielded her any relief. It wasn’t fair!

What she most wished for was that she had been able to muster up the strength to say ‘No’ to Jackie earlier, to insist that her friend wait a couple of minutes before they started studying because Carmella needed to pee first! She was furious with herself for just allowing Jackie to deny her the relief she needed like that.

To her shock, she had the urge to say something NOW. Something like ‘You know, Jackie, after all the grief you’ve been giving Allie lately, I’m surprised you wouldn’t let me use the bathroom earlier when I told you I needed to.’ But, she held that back along with her waterfall of pee. She still wanted Allie and Jackie to make up with each other, the last thing she should be doing is adding any kind of fuel to that fire.

She didn’t need to start any more drama. She just needed to sit on a toilet soon. That was all she needed to do. Nothing else mattered.

Jackie stood behind her, swaying on her feet and unaware of Carmella’s frustrated thoughts. Jackie checked her watch and cringed when she saw the time it displayed, a cramp ricocheting through her bladder and making her shift her weight around even more quickly. The line was hardly even moving, each girl ahead of her seeming to take ages to fully drain her bladder. Jackie’s own abdomen felt so heavy. She tried to stop shimmying around, mindful of what twisting in the wrong direction might do to her bladder’s unsteady cargo, but she couldn’t help it— Particularly when she couldn’t tear her mind away from the image of the toilet that was just a handful of feet away from her, blocked off by all these other desperate girls.

Jackie started to re-consider if she ought to ask to cut. Maybe someone would let her do it after all if she mentioned that she had a test soon that she couldn’t miss. The girl right in front of Carmella didn’t seem to be TOO close to exploding— Though, a few of the ones in front of HER looked like they might burst soon. But, maybe she and Carmella could just just ONE spot ahea—

Jackie jumped when she felt a tap against her shoulder. “Mmmf—!” She mewled, tensing her legs up as she felt a solitary drop of urine warmly glide out from between her legs. It wasn’t much, but it was a spill nonetheless, and she was beyond mortified by it. She turned around, fixing a sharp glare on the girl whom had poked and startled her into a tiny, involuntary release.

“C—Could I please cut in front of you?” The girl asked. “Please? I really, really need to go.” The girl was bouncing in place, crossing her legs, her body lowered into a painful looking partial crouch.

Was this girl serious?! She thought Jackie would give up her spot?! No way! “N—No, I—“

With a very disappointed sigh, Carmella said, “We have to get going, Jackie. We aren’t going to make it to class in time…” Jackie swore she saw a flash of anger pass over Carmella’s face then, but she brushed it off as just being her imagination. Carmella didn’t GET angry at people.

They left that building and started walking towards the one where they would be having their exam. Along the way, they passed the more woodsy area of the campus, and Jackie suggested they pee there. Carmella stared at Jackie in horror, shaking her head ever so slightly. “I c—can’t do that,” she said, turning red. “I d—don’t even know HOW to pee outside.”

“You just squat,” Jackie said, walking further off the path. Her need was still increasing and she wished that she hadn’t worn heels today. They made her walk so wobbly now that she wasn’t on even terrain anymore, and she was much too aware about what even a single wrong step would cost her. Her bladder felt like it was balanced so precariously, about to tip over and spill all down her legs if she didn’t work to keep it steady. Carmella followed her, but when Jackie stepped behind some bushes Carmella stayed where she was. “Come on,” Jackie said.

Carmella shook her head again. It was obvious how much she needed to join Jackie, she had tucked a hand between her legs seemingly without notice and could not hold still for the life of her, but it didn’t look like she could be convinced to answer nature’s call out in nature itself.

“Fine,” Jackie said. “Suit yourself.” She looked around for a couple seconds, then pulled down her skirt and panties before lowering herself into a crouch. A few droplets hit the dirt, not enough to bring her relief, but enough to make her pant with the anticipation of what was about to come. Just as she felt herself right on the cusp of letting out her stream, she was startled by approaching footsteps. Panicked, Jackie shot back to her feet and yanked up her skirt. She didn’t have time to button it again before Allie joined her in the bushes.

Allie’s hands were clutching her belt, which was halfway apart, and Jackie noted a panicked look on her face that rapidly transformed into an annoyed one; “What are you doing back here?” She hissed.

“Nothing,” Jackie growled. “What are YOU doing back here?”

Allie glowered and started to put her belt back together. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”

“It looks like you were going to pee,” Jackie said.

“No,” Allie said, her hand going to her chest with offense. Allie’s skirt was so tight that Jackie could clearly see how tightly her thighs were straining, along with the intense way they were trembling. “I don’t pee outside— I don’t even have to go right now.”

“Are you sure?” Jackie questioned, her bladder feeling as heavy as ever, and being in such close proximity to two girls that were enduring the same plight was worsening her urge. Looking at Allie and Carmella, at the ways they were twisting up and tapping their feet, served as a constant reminder of the pressure filling up Jackie’s own bladder. But, if she looked away from the other girls, she would be staring at bushes that would provide cover for her to unleash her stream. Everywhere she turned, there was something that made her bladder throb. “You look like you need to go.”

“Well, I don’t,” Allie said. “YOU look like YOU might need to pee, though. I guess you didn’t learn your lesson after that day— At least I was able to manage that.”

“I DID learn my lesson,” Jackie said. “I learned that you’re an awful friend.”

Carmella watched the two argue, and the anxious pins and needles in her arms began to grow warmer with frustration and anger. SHE had been the only one to learn a lesson that day— She had learned not to take any chances on her bladder, not to tempt fate, not to risk an accident. But, so far today, all of her plans for relief had been destroyed thanks to Jackie, and now Carmella was in unimaginable need for a toilet, AND she was going to be late to her exam if the three of them didn’t hurry it up and get a move on.

She wouldn’t normally interrupt them like this, but with her bladder near to bursting her ability to think before she acted was shot; “Guys, the test is starting soon,” she said. The mere thought of going to class without peeing first sent a painful spasm from her bladder down to the quivering opening between her legs. Picturing herself stuck in that room was already making it feel worse, and the burst of discomfort melded with her extreme need to pee prompted her to fight past her shyness and press on “We need to go there now, I don’t want to fail because the two of you keep arguing.”

Allie and Jackie both glared at Carmella, which was not something that she was used to at all. She flinched, and her shoulders hunched as she walked back towards the path. Her nerves were seemingly sending more and more fluid down to her bladder, adding to its burden with an impressive speed and filling it up like a painful balloon.

Their arrival to the classroom was punctuated by a horrifying trickle of sweat down Carmella’s inner thigh. They had gotten there with barely even a minute to spare, and the last seats available were all together in the back of the room. Keeping her legs clenched for dear life, Carmella tried not to let a blush form on her face as she gingerly made her way to one of those desks.

She was desperate and anxious in a way that she had never thought was possible. The painful, agonizing, unrelenting need to release her waters was putting her through Hell. The awful possibility of everyone in class turning in her direction, and seeing how desperate she was, of them all laughing at her plight. And then, the stress of the exam she still had to somehow complete without completely losing control of her body, letting it all flow down her legs in a warm, blissful cascade of extreme relief…

Slamming herself into her seat and immediately crossing her legs in agony, Carmella tried to erase that image as she was overwhelmed by an inner frenzy of terror, disgust and embarrassment. Even just THINKING about having an accident here might be enough to tempt her bladder into releasing itself for real. What would everyone think of her? Especially her friends— Two accidents in the span of a single month?! They’d be revolted by her, they’d think she was a baby, or that she had something seriously wrong with her!

The professor passed out the exams and went over the rules. Of course, the main one, the big one, and the one Carmella, Jackie and Allie had been dreading, was the one about leaving the room. Students were NOT permitted to leave unless they had already turned in their tests, in order to prevent cheating. They were stuck for the foreseeable future, unless they wanted to just give up and accept a failing grade. None of them could afford to do that, though.

Especially not Allie. She struggled in this class enough already without getting a zero on a major test. Now that she’d lost her position as the cheer captain, she wanted to at least have SOMETHING go right for her— Improving her mediocre grades could be just that thing. Unfortunately, her bladder was making it SO hard to focus on the exam in front of her.

She had stayed up late last night studying for this test. When her alarm went off, she was still exhausted and had barely gotten any sleep. She had sluggishly made it to the restroom that morning and had nearly fallen back asleep while peeing on the toilet. So, in order to give herself some chance of making it through the exam without passing out, Allie had foolishly chosen to drink several large cups of coffee.

Then, when all of that caffeinated liquid flooded its way into her bladder with the force of a billion fire hoses, Allie hadn’t been able to find a toilet that didn’t have a massive line. She’d been just about to throw in the towel and go in the bushes just so that she wouldn’t have to worry about it anymore, when she bumped into Jackie about to do the same thing.

And, Allie couldn’t go through with it after that. After all the grief Jackie had been giving her lately, peeing in front of her former friend— Letting her former friend know that she was full to bursting— was not something Allie was willing to do. More than that, if SHE watered the grass, then Jackie would have likely felt emboldened enough to do the same. And Allie didn’t WANT Jackie to relieve herself. It served Jackie right to be forced to hold it as punishment for all her complaining and insulting these last few weeks.

Not once had Jackie asked Allie if she was okay after losing her position— No, instead Jackie had simply told Allie that she DESERVED it. Well, if that was how she was going to be, then JACKIE deserved to suffer through this test with her bladder about to explode. Even if it meant Allie had to endure the same, exact torture herself.

Besides, Allie knew she could get through this test and then make it to the bathroom just in time. She had full faith in herself to hold on with her dignity intact and her skirt dry. She wasn’t worried. She’d had to pee worse than this before. She’d—

Her pencil broke and, for whatever reason, that startled her enough that a small, warm spurt dampened her panties before she could hold it back. The panicked bolt of adrenaline from the half-second’s long leak sent her heart into spasms, and a cold sweat broke out in her palms and across her forehead. Worse yet, with her pencil broken, she was going to have to bend over to get a new one out of her bag.

She rubbed her legs together in preparation for what she knew would be a very painful move, then forced herself to lean to the side and reach down. Her bladder protested the action loudly, a flaring heat battering up against her opening, and she felt a new droplet slide wetly into her underwear, rewarming the damp spot that had already formed there. As she grabbed a new pencil and started to sit back up straight again, another wave of need piled onto her. The pain that was building in her abdominal muscles from the unbearable war of pressure between her bladder and everything outside of it, a war that she was only winning thanks to how tightly squeezed her legs still were.

Once she was able to straighten out again, she felt a little better, a little more in control. But, how long could that possibly last for? She was covered in sweat, already so exhausted, and now that she was forced to divide her attention between her bladder and the test, this fight felt even more hopeless than before. There was no way around it, the needful surges inside of her would just continue to build up, while her resistance kept weakening. And after that? Allie didn’t even want to consider what would happen to her.

Jackie was making her way through her test at a snail’s pace. The only reason she knew ANY of the answers was because of the last minute study session with Carmella. If it hadn’t been for that, then Jackie would probably just be staring at the questions, failing to write down a single thing, and grinding against her seat in an effort to keep her bladder from exploding all over her.

But, thanks to Carmella, only that last part was true. Jackie wasn’t doing THAT bad on the test so far, but she was being forced to do it when her insides were rebelling against her furiously. Her bladder convulsed and shook with a ferocity that made it hard for her to breathe, and she was dizzy and light-headed as she worked through the questions. And, there were a LOT of questions on this exam. Multiple pages worth, and a few of them were asking for paragraph long answers— A tricky thing to pull off when Jackie’s only studying had taken place that morning, and her bladder was pleading for her full, undivided attention. She wasn’t comfortable, continually squirming in her seat.

She crossed one leg over the other and adjusted her position again and again. She kept tugging at her skirt, trying to drag its waist-band away from her straining bladder. Her abdomen felt like it was made of diamond from how firm and solid her bladder had gotten. Jackie just had to pay attention to the test, ignore her body’s very, VERY urgent need. She needed her brain focused and at least one hand free to hold her pencil, which meant that the best thing she could do for herself was to cup one hand against her crotch and let her legs shift around. Her thigh muscles were aching because she hadn’t been able to let them relax even a little in so long.

Jackie kept working and got about half-way done with the test. She knew it would be better if she went back to double-check the answers, but she really did not have the time for that today, not if she wanted to stay dry!

In fact, thinking about it more… Jackie turned to look at the clock on the wall. This class was an hour and a half long, and she had been writing so slowly… She’d already used up quite a bit of that time and still had half the test to finish! She needed to pick up the pace, or else she might not even answer enough of the questions to get a passing grade. She tried to speed up, and her writing suffered. Her hand was already shaking so much from her desperation, the pencil hard to hold onto in her sweaty fingers, but now that she was rushing, everything she wrote was even less legible.

Carmella pleaded with herself to forget about her bladder and focus on the test— The test that she was supposed to be acing because she’d actually been studying for it all week! But, she couldn’t. Her bladder was only getting fuller and making it harder to think clearly about anything that didn’t involve the growing risk of leakage.

She shifted against her seat, trying to push her crotch into the hard material to get some additional pressure to help her out. She couldn’t use either of her hands, fearful of someone noticing and figuring out right away what her issue was. She ground herself hard against her seat though, working to get some kind of a dam between her legs. She thought that maybe if she managed to get something to plug her opening closed, she would last until she finished the test. When she felt warm heat burst into her panties, she was provided with even more motivation to keep grinding into the chair and flexing her thighs.

Not meaning to, she glanced down and caught sight of the swell of her bladder straining away in her usually flat stomach. She looked away with a wince and fought back tears as she told herself that she could still hold it— Even though she was visibly filled to capacity already. It felt like every drop was trying to leak out, a rhythmic, constant throbbing pinching sharply at her exit. Sweat was also forming in the area between her legs— Please, please, let it just be sweat! Keeping her gaze down at the papers in front of her, she tried with all of her might to occupy her mind with something else. Anything else. Anything other than the horrible, sadistically surging mass of muscles that were relentlessly trying to squeeze out a gallon of liquid to humiliate her with.

Carmella tried to cross her legs around in the other direction to see if that would feel any better, but that was a mistake. Just the act of uncrossing them released too much support from her over-burdened bladder, causing it to lurch and slosh with enough force that tears began to flow from the corners of her eyes. Her urethra angrily fought back wave after wave of long-held pee, and as the pressure reached a mind-breaking crescendo, Carmella was unable to stop the whimpering mewl of discomfort as she slammed her legs back together and wound them around each other.

Allie tried her best and worked hard for the next several minutes, and she was making some progress on the test. But, more and more of her attention was being diverted away from the questions and brought back to her bladder instead. She was losing it, it was getting harder and harder to write, her hand was too shaky to produce anything approaching decent legibility.

Eventually, she feared that she would lose her ability to write at all, and that she would soak her skirt as well. She gritted her teeth, if she could just get through one more handful of questions she thought she would stand a chance at getting a decent grade— She hoped so anyway. She couldn’t go back and check her answers for mistakes, and she had a feeling she had made several of those.

She tried to get comfortable and tackle the next batch of questions. Of course ‘comfortable’ was a very relative term at that point. Allie was so full of pee— She thought her bladder was now containing even more liquid than it had that day at the contest, and since THAT had ended so poorly, she didn’t have much faith that this ordeal wouldn’t come to a very wet end as well. No position would allow her total relief from the pressure inside her bladder, from the agonizing swell and the rippling in her sore muscles, not with all that watery weight bearing down on them.

Digging two fingers against her opening as firmly as she could, Allie struggled through a few more questions. She had a perfectly obtainable goal— Just get to the end of this page, and then she could sprint off for the toilet. Using her hand to help keep it in soothed the agony somewhat, but it only took a few seconds for the roaring intensity of her need to come back. Everything between her legs was still over-heated and taut from the strain, and her sweating alone was enough to start drenching her panties.

She then heard a chair moving, and haggard breathing as someone near her stood up. Allie turned to see Carmella slowly heading towards the front of the room with her test. Carmella was moving like a slug, her knees rubbing and her back partially doubled over. Carmella had apparently finished with the exam— Or at least gotten enough of it done that she didn’t think she’d fail. Carmella was about to be able to use the restro—

Allie couldn’t take it anymore. The thought of Carmella peeing was a horribly unwanted one, but she couldn’t rid herself of it. It sent her own bladder into sick, awful convulsions, fluid burning against her muscles, her abdomen felt like a heavy, solid rock and she shuddered. She couldn’t go on. A glance at the clock told her she was nearly out of time anyway, just three minutes left of the class, and there was no way she was getting any more of this test completed. She may as well go hand it in now.

She walked to the front of the room with her hand between her legs, jumping in place as she waited behind Carmella. She jumped a little forcefully, and accidentally dislodged a short stream from her bladder, she felt it trickle into her cupped palm, and her blood ran cold. She was running out of time— She needed to be on a toilet NOW, it was coming out!

Carmella bolted from the room and then Allie shoved her test papers down on the professor’s desk before running out as well. She chased after Carmella, feeling weighted down all over. Her lower stomach was bloated, her bladder bulging out. She felt like she was going to collapse, and each step was causing her to dribble more and more. The pressure was constant, and coming at her from all directions.

She came to a stop behind Carmella, at the back of a line for the restroom. It wasn’t a huge line, but the sight of it made Allie’s eyes water even more than they had already been doing. She watched Carmella bounce and bob and squirm in front of her, and didn’t know if either of them would be able to make it.

***

Two minutes later, when class ended, Jackie still had a decent chunk of her test left blank. But, she could hardly bring herself to care. She knew that this was going to completely tank her grade, but that hardly seemed to matter to her anymore in the face of so much extreme discomfort and desperation. All she cared about was getting to a bathroom.

After turning in her half-finished test, Jackie limped out of class and towards the bathroom. When she saw the line, she was already put in a bad mood, but when she was made to stand right behind Allie, she felt even worse. Glaring at her former friend, Jackie said; “So, you WERE going to pee in the bushes earlier?”

Allie whipped her head around to face Jackie, then frowned. “No, that’s disgusting— I’m sure YOU were going to, though.”

Ahead of them, Carmella groaned, bent forwards and shook with need, obviously wanting no part of their argument. Carmella being there did give Jackie an idea, though— A way to give herself a better chance of making it through this line dry. She knew it would be cruel, but her bladder was going to burst!

She put off enacting her plan for as long as she could. But, time lost all meaning to Jackie as she stood at the end of the line. Her heart was beating wildly from the pressure, and the resulting throbs that worked through her body were not helping at all. A rhythmic pounding formed against her urethra. With all that liquid inside of her, the pulses felt like the waves of an ocean lapping up against the shore, an analogy that made her start thinking about water in great detail, much to her chagrin.

Her brain was inundated with images of gushing rivers and overflowing lakes caught in rainstorms. This quickly became the only thing she was able to think of, and the vivid imagery soon caused wet heat to spurt into her panties. She jammed both of her hands into the crease between her legs and managed to staunch the leak, but the rest wanted out so badly, and she couldn’t, she just couldn’t—

“Carmella!” Jackie said suddenly.

Painfully, Carmella turned around to face her. Carmella was clutching at herself as well by that point, and her face was bright red and full of shame. That expression made Jackie’s next words even harder to say.

“Could you let me cut ahead of you? Please? I really, really need to go!”

Allie was the first to let out an indignant cry— Since cutting Carmella would mean cutting Allie as well— but before Allie could form any proper words, Carmella snapped; “Are you serious?!”

Jackie pushed her thighs even more tightly together and gave a quick, sharp bounce on her heels. “Yeah, I’ve been holding it all—“

“It’s because of YOU that I need to go so bad!” Carmella exclaimed. She could hardly believe what she was doing— She never yelled at her friends! She never yelled at anyone! But this… This had just pushed her over the edge! Jackie had been an awful friend to her today, and her bladder was about to boil over, and all of that at once was just— “You wouldn’t let me use the bathroom earlier, you forced me to study with you instead all because you’ve been too busy fighting with Allie to pay attention to anything else!”

“I—“ Jackie started to say.

“I don’t care!” Carmella fumed, gripping herself securely and tangling her legs together to lock down the spurts knocking against her floodgates. Clenching so hard helped to plug up her exit, but made her acutely aware of how awfully swollen her bladder was as it pushed up against her waist-band. It was like an over-stuffed water balloon, the walls growing thinner and more fragile as they strained to hold all the liquid inside of her that was trying to claw its way out. She had to bite down on a pained moan at a spasm that sent a stream gushing out of her. “Mmmf— I’m— I’m not letting you cut! So don’t ask!”

“You don’t have to be a bitch about it…”

Jackie’s muttered curse startled Carmella badly enough to free another gush of her pee. She pushed her hands against herself more firmly and twisted her legs into a pretzel, managing to stop it. “I’m sorry…” she mumbled.

Jackie, realizing that Carmella had HEARD what she’d just said, covered her mouth and tried to apologize, “I didn’t mean—“

Carmella just scoffed and stepped forward when the line moved.

“Wow,” Allie said to Jackie. “You’re the queen of burning bridges, aren’t you?”

“I didn’t burn any bridges with YOU, Allie,” Jackie said. “What happened with us is ALL on you.”

“Yeah, I know, because I wouldn’t let you pee, you’ve said that a thousand times. But, then you just did the same thing to Carmella, so I don’t get why you’re mad at me,” Allie pointed out.

Jackie turned away from Allie. Her urethra was stinging from the strain against it now. Tears fell from the corners of her eyes, she was gripping herself so tightly that her fingertips were beginning to go numb. ‘That’s different’ she wanted to say. ‘I only did it because I needed so much help studying.’ But, she knew that wasn’t a decent excuse— There would have been time for Carmella to pee earlier if Jackie had just let her. A thin rivulet of liquid ran down the back of her thigh to patter pale yellow droplets into her sock. Choppy and horrified breaths made her chest heave, which added to the pressure down below.

After several minutes, Carmella was the next one in line. And, oh, how Jackie wanted to beg her again to let her cut. But, Carmella was too desperate and too angry with her to agree— And she had every right to be angry, Jackie knew that.

When Carmella’s turn finally did come, she rushed inside the bathroom. She started to pee while she was locking the door behind herself. And, this wasn’t just a leak or a spurt, this was a full-on, broken-dam GUSH of a stream, firing full-force into her shorts and rapidly dampening them. She let out a pained, mortified squeal as the warm liquid hissed noisly into her clothes, and practically yanked them down. They pooled around her ankles, and she couldn’t stop peeing, now splashing the floor as well.

She stumbled back and slammed herself down onto the toilet. Her already in progress stream got louder as it now struck the water in the bowl. It took her a couple of seconds to register that she was at last in the right place, and that she was free to just relax and let nature take its course. Once that finally sunk in for her, she released a low, satisfied moan and shivered with pleasure as her bladder slowly contracted and shrank down to its proper size. “Ahhhhh…”

Carmella pushed, trying to force her stream out even faster as she was mindful of her friends still waiting on her. This prompted her release to grow even louder, the sound echoing in the small room.

Outside the restroom, both Allie and Jackie could clearly hear the hiss of Carmella’s stream, and her gasps and sighs of orgasmic relief.

Allie thought it was those noises that finally put the last nail in her coffin, because the instant she heard Carmella moan, a solid and unbreakable stream forced itself out from between her legs, spraying loudly as it escaped from her painfully stretched bladder. Her panties overflowed in an instant, and the liquid began to run down her legs and surge straight down to splash noisily against the floor. It gushed like a waterfall in a thick, steady flow, splattering when it made impact with the tile and causing droplets to slosh up and strike her shoes and socks. She was drenched within a matter of seconds, but very far from being empty.

Jackie lost control in the same instant that Allie did. The sight and sound of Allie wetting herself was just too much, and Jackie’s dam shattered under the strain, submitting to the unrelenting call of nature. Liquid flowed hot and slick down her legs in a thin trickle which quickly began to thicken. Her geyser went from the width of a tooth-pick to the width of a finger and the volume of its hiss increased as well. An ocean of piss rapidly formed beneath her, streams coating her legs and making their ways down into her socks as well, staining the white material a pale yellow.

The puddle spread between them, inching further and further outwards until it soaked into the bottoms of both of their shoes. Slowly, their streams shifted into warm, lazy rivulets that trickled down their legs. The gentle, receding flow took a while to reach their already sodden socks. After several seconds of that, the streams finally descended into fluctuating squirts, their heavy bladders close to reaching blissful emptiness at last.

Both of them felt relieved to finally let it out, but this was vastly overpowered by the humiliation of wetting themselves in front of each other. Not even the comfort of knowing that they were both going through the exact same embarrassment helped them feel any better.

They both finished at the same time Carmella finally exited the bathroom, little drops still plinking off of them as Carmella stared at the puddle they had made together. Neither of them noticed the wet spot on Carmella’s shorts as she stared at them, all they were capable of registering was their own shame.

Carmella’s lip trembled, as she imagined how they must have been feeling. “I—I’m sorry! I took too long! I sh—should have just let you cut like you asked!”

Jackie turned to Carmella and shook her head, “No…” she said. “You were right to be mad at me, you told me you needed to go and I didn’t let you. You could have ended up having an accident too.”

Carmella turned away, still feeling bad. “I’m sorry anyway, I should have been faster, or someth—“

“I— I guess,” Allie interrupted. “Jackie had a reason to be mad at me too… I should have let you guys find another bathroom that day, I was just so embarrassed that I wanted to leave.”

Jackie nodded, “You SHOULD have,” she agreed. “You—“

Carmella cut in. It sounded like they might be able to make peace now, so long as Jackie didn’t mouth off again. “S—So, you’re sorry then, right Allie?”

Allie frowned, then nodded. “Yeah, I’m sorry,” she said.

*029*2023-12-08 20:25

One of the most pivotal memories I have from growing up involves my clarinet tutor, I will call him Mr. X to protect his identity. I was due to have an exam soon, so my lesson on this particular day was going to be significantly longer than usual— Two hours. To tell you the truth, I was kind of dreading it. Playing the clarinet had always been my mother’s interest, not mine, and there were so many other things I would have preferred to spend those two hours doing.

I had no reason to think that this lesson would be anything other than the monotony and boredom I had come to expect from them. Just me playing the same song over and over again, and having to start from the beginning each time I made some minor mistake. I had no reason to expect anything different— Anything more interesting.

The time came for my lesson, but Mr. X had not yet arrived. This was unusual, since he was usually ringing the doorbell a few minutes early. He had never been late before. It made me think something must have happened, perhaps something that would require him to cancel for the day. I could see my mother glancing out the front window of our house from time to time, worried.

Around ten minutes after my lesson would have normally begun, the doorbell rang. I sighed, I wasn’t going to get off the hook so easily after all. As mother invited Mr. X inside, he appeared to be in quite an awful rush— He was visibly antsy, shifting between his feet in a very anxious manner. This didn’t surprise me, as Mr. X was often nervous and being late for the first time ever must have set him on edge. He was apologizing over and over, telling my mother about how he’d been with other students all day, then had had car trouble, and had gotten stuck waiting at a gas station for a while.

Mother assured him that it wasn’t a big deal and told him not to worry. Then, she asked if he’d like something to drink, seeing as it was quite hot out that day.

Mr. X shook his head. “No— Ah— No, thank you,” he said. “I’m alright. I’m already late, I should just get straight into the lesson now. I’m sure your daughter is ready for it.”

I tried not to grown as I followed him into the back room so we could begin. I wouldn’t have minded putting it all off a few minutes longer so he could have a glass of water…

“Sorry for keeping you waiting,” Mr. X said, sitting down in a chair near me. He adjusted his position almost immediately, leaning forward slightly and tugging at the sleeves of his shirt.

I shrugged. “It’s fine…” I said.

“Good, good…” Mr. X said. “Now, let’s see how much you’ve been practicing this week. Just play the piece we have been working on straight through, don’t stop if you make any mistakes.”

I did as he told me, robotically going through the song I had already played what had to have been five hundred times by then. It wasn’t even a melody I particularly liked, but apparently it was one of the most common ‘beginner’ pieces that everyone learned.

I knew I was making a couple of mistakes, but part of that was because I was becoming distracted. I feel that it is significantly harder to play an instrument while someone is watching, but it’s even more challenging when the person observing you is constantly moving around. From the corner of my eye, I was aware of Mr. X’s continuous shifting, and I could hear his shoes sliding and tapping against the floor. It was enough to break my concentration several times, and I couldn’t help but wonder what he was doing.

Ordinarily, he was silent during this part of my lesson, just listening as I played the piece. It wasn’t until I was done with it that he spoke to tell me how much I had improved since the previous week. He never moved around like this, he never made noise. And, the song I was playing was not one that would usually get a person’s toes tapping.

After I had finished, Mr. X didn’t seem to actually notice at first. It took him a couple seconds— and me pausing to clear my throat— for him to acknowledge that the piece had concluded. “Th—That was good,” he said, far less detailed than usual. It looked like I was not the only one that was getting distracted, but I still couldn’t figure out what was eating at him.

I assumed that it was the car trouble he had told my mother about, and that he was just stressed out over it. I saw him glancing to the clock on the wall, above us, several times over the next few minutes as he had me play the song a few more times. I was making several mistakes, but he only caught a couple of them and made me start over. He was usually a lot more vigilant than that, but I wasn’t going to complain. The fewer times I had to restart, the better.

Finally, he made me stop completely right in the middle of the piece. “Just— Just… Pause,” he said.

I was a little surprised, since I actually HADN’T been making any mistakes at that point— None that I had noticed, anyway.

He continued, “I’m sorry, I—“ He bit down, shifted more, and a pinkness formed on his face that I had never seen from him before. “I just… Is it alright if I use your restroom?”

Oh. So, all of those distracting squirms had been because he needed to pee. For some reason, my interest was piqued by that knowledge— There was something entertaining about it, knowing that he’d been feeling so uncomfortable all this time when he could have just asked for this break earlier. It intrigued me that he could be so shy that he chose to hold his bladder until it ached rather than ask a semi-awkward question.

“Sure,” I said, happy to have a break from playing.

He nodded, stood, and left the room. I watched him leave, now registering the stiffness in his legs, his reluctance to let his knees bend. Confusingly, I was almost… Disappointed? I had only just realized what was happening to Mr. X, and I didn’t think I wanted it to end so quickly.

Oh well, there was nothing I could do about that, was there?

Mr. X came back less than a minute later, surprising me. I wondered at first if he had a really small bladder and that was how he had managed to pee so fast but, still blushing, he said that my mother was cleaning the restroom and he hadn’t been able to use it. “So, I apologize if I seem distracted.”

He was dancing around the issue now, not wanting to tell me how badly he needed to go, but very much suffering from an emergency. Even after we returned to the lesson, and I tried to focus my attention on the clarinet instead of on him, I saw that he was still blushing with embarrassment.

It was hard not to watch him, too. There was something so enticing about the way he was moving, crossing his legs, bouncing his feet, clenching his fists. I’d never seen an adult need to pee so badly that they wriggled around like that before, it was so fascinating. I didn’t know what to call the feeling it gave me, just that it was pleasant and it made me really want to tease him to see how he reacted. “Definitely don’t think about waterfalls or anything,” I warned him.

He frowned and shifted more. “It’s not that funny— I don’t need to go THAT badly.”

I saw right through him.

I purposefully messed up my playing a few times so that he would need to get up and come correct me. He didn’t seem to notice that it was intentional, and every time he was forced to stand, the expression on his face grew tenser and his legs seemed less willing to cooperate.

I had to stop messing with him in that way eventually, worried that he would become suspicious if he realized my skill-level had mysteriously decreased all of the sudden. It was unlikely, as he looked like he was lost in his own little world of desperation by then, but I still didn’t want to risk any trouble.

Nevertheless, I continued to monitor him closely, paying far, FAR more attention to him than I ever had to the clarinet. He had given up all pretenses and was no longer trying to keep his desperate motions subtle— Which, given his shy nature, likely meant that he was no longer actually capable of staying still, such was the pressure inside his bladder.

Finally, he stood up again. “I— I—“ he was having an even harder time getting it out now. Of course he was. Only half an hour had passed since his last attempt to use the restroom, trying again so quickly just made it all the clearer how badly he needed to go. “Uh— I am just going to see if your mother has finished with everything yet. Wait right there.”

He stood up with yet another flinching wince, and stiffly made his way out of the room.

He was back after less than a minute. He still had not been able to use the restroom. My mother had needed to use a special cleaner in the tub, one with harsh fumes that wasn’t safe to breathe in for very long. Until the room aired out, it was off limits.

Mr. X sat back down, grimacing hard. “S—So, I’m going to have to keep waiting, I g—guess,” he said, fanning his legs in and out.

I looked away from him, trying not to let him see the smirk on my face.

It was so fascinating— An adult squirming around with that panicked, urgent look in his eyes. Pee-dancing, like a toddler would. Being forced to cast aside his dignity in order to save himself from the even worse humiliation that an accident would bring him. He bounced his knees, he crossed his ankles, he tapped his feet. He grabbed hold of the chair’s arm-rests so tightly that the skin of his knuckles started to lose its color. He twisted from side to side and, all the while, he wouldn’t look away from the clock.

It was comical, and I repeatedly felt laughter begin to bubble up inside of me. It was hard not to laugh— I knew I would be in trouble if I let out so much as a snort or a giggle. I actually had to stop playing completely and just hold my breath a few times to keep any sounds from slipping out, but eventually I was no longer able to fight it back completely.

When I saw Mr. X’s hand move to his inner thigh— not quite holding his crotch but getting extremely close to doing so— I just couldn’t help it. I laughed.

That got his attention to fall back on me, rather than on the clock he had been painstakingly watching all this time. “Focus, would you?” He said. “Don’t watch me.”

“S—Sorry,” I said, returning to practicing, but not really paying any attention to what my hands were doing. I was too focused on Mr. X’s own hands. Was he actually going to grab himself like that? Right here? Did he seriously need to go THAT badly? So badly that he was required to prevent the flood through manual means?

It took a few minutes, but his hand did eventually make contact, accompanied by a pained, grunting noise from the back of his throat. “Mmmf—!”

The sound was what set me off that time, I snickered again and his face flushed a bright, intense red. “F—Focus,” he stammered out. “J—Just—“

“Are you going to wet yourself?” I asked, trying to keep my tone as genuine as I could. I wanted to give the impression that I was actually just worried about him, and that I didn’t actually find any entertainment value in this whatsoever. But, of course, my laughter had already given me away.

“No,” Mr. X said. His voice was firm with a frustration I had never heard from him before, and it startled me. Of course, I’d been scolded by teachers before, but never by Mr. X. He was always too meek for such things. “Of course I won’t. I’m not going to… To wet myself. Be quiet.”

I did go quiet, save for the music I played. Mr. X, on the other hand, did not. He was making soft, pained sounds, little whimpers that spilled out from the back of his throat as he crossed his legs again and again and again, no matter which direction he pulled them or how tightly he knotted them together, it did not look like it was doing him any good. His hands kept kneading his inner thighs, too, pressing into his crotch when he thought I wasn’t watching. I’m pretty sure I spotted each and every squeeze, though. He was coming apart at the seems, and it was impossible for him to hide it.

Finally, the whimpers turned into actual words. “Ah— I— I’m sorry,” he blurted out. “I th—think we’re going to h—have to cut the lesson short today. I just— I need to— I— Have to… Deal with whatever’s wrong with my car still…”

I didn’t know why he was bothering to make up an excuse. We both knew he wasn’t fooling anyone anymore. I had no problem with the lesson ending early, but I… I didn’t want Mr. X’s predicament to be over. I especially didn’t want him to just leave before it had been resolved, for some reason I was just dying to know how this was going to end for him.

I followed him out of the room and down the hall. Mother was still just outside the restroom and Mr. X hesitantly spoke to her, “I—I’m afraid I might have to leave a little early today,” he said. “I’m very sorry, it’s just that I really—“

“Why do you need to leave?” Mother interrupted.

“Uhh…”

“Is it an emergency?”

Mr. X’s face went even redder. It definitely WAS, but not in the way mother probably meant it.

“Because, if it’s not, I’d really prefer if you finished the lesson. Her exam is coming up, so she’s going to need all the time she can get.”

“Right,” Mr. X nodded. “Yes, I understand. It’s… Not an emergency,” he decided.

“Good,” Mother said, relieved.

As I followed Mr. X back, I heard him mumbling to himself “Just one more hour… Just one more hour…” His voice was wavering with uncertainty— Did he not think he could hold it for one more hour?

I had been pretty amused so far, but now that it looked like he really MIGHT end up having an accident… I wasn’t sure how to feel. Did I want that happen? A strange part of me really seemed to… It would be interesting, something new that I’d never seen happen before.

I was messing up more with the clarinet by then— And now it was completely genuine. I was completely focused on what Mr. X was doing, not paying a shred of attention to the instrument. The notes were coming out flat, or at the wrong time, I was mixing up where my fingers were supposed to go, and what came out didn’t sound ANYTHING like the song I was supposed to be playing.

Of course, Mr. X couldn’t ignore THAT many screw-ups and had to say something. “C—Come on,” he groaned. “Stop watching me and concentrate, okay? I kn—know how this looks, but it isn’t THAT funny, is it?”

I said nothing and tried again, this time I did an even worse job. I even stopped half-way through the piece because it was impossible to blow into the clarinet and laugh at the same time— And just as impossible for me to hold in my laughter. “Pfft… Heheheh—!”

I really, really just couldn’t help it. If you were there, you would have laughed too! Mr. X had just grabbed his crotch REALLY tightly with BOTH hands, pressing down and fanning his legs in and out, whimpering… He looked so goofy, he looked like he was seconds away from peeing his pants, and even after watching him wriggle for so long, I still couldn’t believe that this was seriously happening.

“Mmmf…” Mr. X made another, even more uncomfortable sounding noise as I laughed at him. He was so red, his eyes wide as saucers. I knew I should feel bad, this was probably one of the most embarrassing things that had ever happened to him, but I was just too amused by it. “Stop… Just… Just— Ugh, l—let me play it f—for you ag—again,” he decided.

I wasn’t so sure why he was bothering— We both knew that my problem had nothing to do with not knowing the piece well enough— I guess maybe he thought if HE was playing something, it would distract him a bit from his bladder, and make it a little bit easier to hold onto?

Whatever the reasoning, Mr. X got out of his seat and, I think that was when he realized that this was a terrible idea. His own clarinet was in a case by his feet. In order to retrieve it, he was going to have to crouch down and open it up. Kneeling was one of the worst possible positions for his bladder, it put a lot of pressure and weight down against a part of his body that was already under monumental strain.

He cringed as he lowered himself. He sort of sat on top of his feet, rocking against them in an effort to keep anything from spilling out— It seriously looked like that was a real possibility now. He opened up the case and took out his clarinet, then returned to his seat. He bounced in place for a few seconds before looking up at me again. “H—Here, I’ll sh—show you…” he said, his knees constantly jiggling up and down. He had a very pained look on his face, his forehead shining with sweat.

It didn’t actually hit me until he started to play, but having to blow into the clarinet was a major challenge for him. Holding his pee had been requiring him to control his breathing very precisely, with short, choppy inhales and slow, steady exhales. Playing the clarinet forced him to push down on some of his abdominal muscles— Not super hard, but hard enough to compress his bladder.

The first few notes came out wrong— I had never heard him play poorly before that day, but the clarinet squeaked and sounded tinny, and he lingered on single notes for longer than he was supposed to. And, soon it was punctuated by a different sound, a quiet… hissing.

Even though I’d spent so much time thinking about Mr. X’s awful need to pee, I still couldn’t place the noise until I looked down enough to see the dark patch forming over his crotch. He was peeing his pants— He was actually having an accident!

I was stunned— It was so funny! I could barely believe my own eyes, and I laughed harder than I had all day— I laughed so much I thought I was going to pee myself too! Mr. X was mortified, he was blushing intensely, shielding his crotch and the darkening fabric as his pee sloshed out of him at lightning speed. But, that didn’t matter, I had already seen him start letting loose, and I could still hear it gushing with reckless abandon.

The dark spots were moving down his legs now, it was impossible for him to hide the wetness. The chair beneath him was getting soaked, liquid was pattering onto the floor, spreading out into a big puddle. I had never seen ANYBODY pee so much all at once before— I’d certainly never done it. I guess it made sense that he hadn’t been able to fit all of that inside his bladder without it exploding, but no matter how ‘understandable’ it was that he’d had an accident, that didn’t make it any less funny, that didn’t make it any easier for me to stop laughing at him.

“Mom!” I finally choked out after he’d been urinating for at least a minute. “Mom, c—come in here! He’s seriously— He’s actually— He’s peeing his pants!”

“What?” Mother called back, and a minute later she was in the room with us, watching in stunned silence as Mr. X’s bladder continued to drain itself dry all over him, the chair, and the floor.

Mother didn’t laugh, her face just went sickly pale and she tried to avert her eyes from him, her mouth moved but she didn’t form any words. Mr. X didn’t seem able to speak either, and they were both just avoiding eye-contact with each other.

When the hissing noise finally stopped and Mr. X’s bladder was spent, Mother turned to me and scolded; “Don’t laugh! This isn’t funny!” She looked back at Mr. X, but didn’t meet his eyes. Nor did she allow her gaze to drift to his lower-half, which was now drenched with uncontainable liquid. She sort of just stared at his chest. “I’m so, SO sorry,” she said. “I should have waited to clean the bathroom, had I known that you were— That you— That you needed it so much, I—“

“It’s fine!” Mr. X interrupted sharply, again adopting a tone I’d never heard from him before. “It’s fine— It’s— I’ve been too busy today, I— I can’t believe this— I— I’m just so sorry.” He looked down, at his sodden surroundings. “Th—The chair… All over the— I’m sorry.”

“It’s okay,” Mother said. She still wouldn’t meet his eyes. “Let me get you something to change into for your drive home, at least.”

After he had changed, Mr. X left. It wasn’t time for my lesson to end, but there was no way he could stick around anymore. Mother cleaned up the puddle on the floor once he’d gone, I guess she didn’t want him to see her do that.

That was the last lesson I had with Mr. X, he was too embarrassed to return to a place where he’d wet his pants as an adult.

My Mother was pretty upset with me for laughing and making fun of him the way I had, but I could not erase the incident from my mind. That night, I replayed it over and over again, the look of abject horror on his face as he let go, the sound of it hissing down his legs, all the squirming and urgency that had led up to it.

I liked it. I wanted to see that again.

I found out that my new interest was called ‘omorashi’, and I started to watch videos of men trying and failing to hold their full bladders. The videos could not compare to the reality of actually SEEING such a thing happen right in front of me, though. But, naturally, the real-life stuff was a lot harder to come by. The reason Mr. X’s predicament had so intrigued me was because of how out-of-the-ordinary it was, it would be a long, long time before I had the chance to watch something like it again.

I’m much older now, and I’ve had the privilege of witnessing a few more similar incidents. One of which happened a couple years ago while I was on a flight. As anyone who has flown before would know, you are not always able to move freely about the plane. During take-off, landing and turbulence, you’re going to have to stay in your place with your seat-belt fastened.

The person beside me on this particular flight was a handsome young man who fell asleep shortly after take-off. It was a long flight, and he remained asleep for quite a while, only waking up when we hit turbulence and the plane started to shake. As soon as his eyes were open, his face grimaced with pain and his knee started to bounce. His hands abruptly flew to his seat-belt and started working to unfasten it.

I thought nothing of it at first.

The man got up and started trying to reach the bathroom near the front of the plane. He needed to grip onto the seats he passed to keep from tripping when the plane bounced. He was about half-way down the aisle when a flight attendant ushered him back to his seat, pointing out to him that the seat-belt light above him was still on, and he was not permitted to walk around.

“I—“ The man blushed. “I just have to use the toilet. It will only take a minute.”

“It’s not safe,” the flight attendant said simply. “You could get injured. We’d be liable.”

The man had my full interest now, he was squirming up a storm once the flight attendant left, dragging his feet around the floor, jiggling his knees, crossing his ankles. He had been made to put the seat-belt back on, and now it was cutting deeply into his bladder and making his situation so much worse. He didn’t seem to notice me watching him, he was much too focused on enduring the the throbbing wails locked inside his abdomen.

He lasted another five minutes, give or take, before he tried to get up again. Just like last time, he was told to sit back down.

“I kn—know,” he stammered out to the flight attendant. “But, I’ll be very careful. I just…” He lowered his voice, but not enough that I couldn’t hear his shameful admission that “It’s kind of an emergency…”

“I understand that,” the flight attendant said, but it sounded like she told people this sort of thing every day and had stopped caring. “As soon as that light goes off, you can go,” she gestured to the light above the seats, still displaying the symbol telling everyone to keep their seat-belts on.

“C—Can’t you make an exception?” The man asked. There was pain in his voice, and I was surprised to hear him sort of beg like that. I wondered if he just had a bolder personality in general, or if the severity of his need was driving him to lengths that he wouldn’t normally go. That was always one of my favorite aspects of seeing these situations, the ways people’s personalities would sometimes change as they became fixated on the goal of avoiding complete humiliation.

The flight attendant shook her head, “No. I can’t. We can’t allow any of our passengers to hurt themselves. You understand?”

The man nodded shakily, seeming to accept that there was no argument he could give that would reward him with access to the bathroom he needed so desperately.

Over the next half hour, he was fanning his legs in and out, rubbing his ankles together, and sometimes even gripping his crotch. He finally DID catch me staring once he had placed his hands firmly between his legs. His face went red and he shuddered as he shut his eyes, as if I wouldn’t be able to see him as long as he couldn’t see me. But, he did not move his hand, he continued to clutch at himself, I guess his hand was the only thing keeping him plugged shut at that point and he no longer had the ability to let it go.

The flight attendant came back eventually, and I saw what looked like hope in the man’s eyes, like maybe she WAS going to make an exception for him now that it was plainly obvious how dire his need had become.

But, no. She was just coming to inform him that he needed to put his seat-belt back on— He hadn’t fastened it again since the last time he’d tried to get up. He must have thought that the strap would be too much for his bladder to take.

“I can’t— I’ll—“

His protest was cut off, “You have to,” the flight attendant said. “I’m sorry. I think the turbulence should be over in just a few minutes, alright?” Finally, she actually sounded a little sympathetic. However, she did continue to stand there and watch as he painstakingly forced the seat-belt back on over-top of his aching, exploding bladder.

“Thank you,” she said before walking off again.

The seat-belt was the beginning of the end for that man. Once it was on, his squirming increased ten-fold as he tried to wriggle himself away from its unforgiving pressure, but it was no use.

He started to go.

Dampness spread out over his crotch and spattered into his seat, creating a vast pool between his legs. He continued to clutch at himself, seeming to not realize right away that the battle was already over and he had lost. At last, he slowly released his dick, eyes widening in horror as he stared down at the lake he was creating, the liquid bursting straight through the fabric over his crotch and pouring over him. I watched him wriggle even more urgently, as if there were still any way that he could save himself at this point, but rather than stopping or even just slowing down his stream, it gained in both speed and power the harder he tried.

It took almost two full minutes for it to stop, and then he was just sitting there, dripping wet and totally humiliated. Others on the plane were staring since the hiss of his bladder bursting had been quite loud, but he only turned to look at me— The person who’d had the clearest view of his accident. “I… I’m sorry…” he said.

I have other stories of desperation and accidents that I’ve seen, if anyone here wants me to share them.

*030*2024-01-03 20:58

Part of my series "Limits"

***

Vegeta laid face-down in bed, grimacing. He would never admit it, but he’d overdone it today. His arms were sore, his neck was sore, his spine felt like it was going to disintegrate. He’d turned the gravity up even higher than usual while he’d been training, and when that had resulted in pain and his body had failed to adjust, he hadn’t been able to make himself lower it again. Lowering it would be admitting defeat and, even if he was the only one around to witness it, it would still be unacceptable.

So, now every muscle he had hurt. But, at least he hadn’t given up!

Bulma looked over at him as he winced, “Vegeta, did you nearly crush yourself in the gravity chamber again today?”

“… No,” Vegeta said.

“Uh-huh…” Bulma said. She reached over and started to rub his back. She knew the gentle strokes wouldn’t do a whole lot to ease the aches, but it would be better than nothing.

When Vegeta didn’t pull away and insist that he was fine, Bulma knew he must have REALLY pushed himself, which meant that tomorrow she’d have to come up with some way to convince him to spend the day resting… That was always like trying to pull teeth from a bear.

“That… Feels good…” Vegeta admitted after a moment.

“It’s supposed to,” Bulma said. “Wow, you have a ton of knots…”

“Knots…?”

“Yeah, it’s this thing that happens to people’s muscles sometimes, like a spasm that makes them tense up a lot.”

“Feh, maybe humans get those, but a Saiyan’s muscles are—“

“Usually, they’re caused by repetitive motion, or anxiety, or dehydration…”

“All things that DON’T apply to me,” Vegeta said. “If you’re feeling anything like a ‘knot’ I’m sure it’s just something Saiyans are SUPPOSED to have.”

“Vegeta, literally ALL of those things apply to you! You train constantly, you feel a lot of anxiety, you don’t drink enough—“

“I drink plenty of water now!” Vegeta insisted. “I drink as much as you force me to!”

That was true, but Bulma still needed to continue gradually INCREASING Vegeta’s fluid intake. By now, he was drinking enough for an average person, but NOT enough for someone who spent ninety percent of their life working out and sweating.

“And what’s this ‘anxiety’ nonsense again?” Vegeta demanded. “I don’t fear anything.”

“Anxiety and fear are not the same—“

“I feel neither of them!”

Bulma sighed. He was so damned stubborn, and she wasn’t in the mood for an argument tonight, so when Vegeta tried to speak again, Bulma stopped rubbing his back and did something else instead. She wondered if it would do anything to him…

Vegeta started to squirm as the unfamiliar sensation hit him. That… Felt… So… It was like something was twitching beneath his skin, it was so annoying! And, for some incomprehensible reason, it was actually making him laugh. “Haha— Bulma!” He snapped. “What the Hell are you doing?! Knock it off!”

Bulma CONTINUED to dance her fingers along his back. “Oh, so you ARE ticklish— Has no one ever done this to you before?”

He jerked away from her and rolled onto his side, trying NOT to laugh— Why couldn’t he control that? The sensation of Bulma’s touch was intolerably irritating, it shouldn’t have made him laugh! “C—Cut it out!”

Bulma just smiled at him, “Oh, but your laugh is so cute—“

“How dare— I am NOT cu—“

Bulma kept going, moving her hand over his stomach, which felt even WORSE, and caused him to have an even more difficult time keeping his laughter at bay. “Haha— Stop it— Woman— I am going to—“ She’d grabbed his arm, pinning him down, for some reason the motion of her fingers across his abdomen was making it hard to move. “E—Enough!”

She didn’t stop. She knew he was going to make her pay for this somehow, but she was having too much fun to quit now.

Vegeta kept wriggling and snapping at her to knock it off. She was right that no one had ever done this to him before, and he would have preferred to have been allowed to KEEP it that way! The feeling itself was infuriating, and he didn’t feel like he was in control of his own body, which only aggravated him further. And she just kept going, the sensations intensifying along with his laughter, and his—

Whoa—

He snapped his legs together just in time to prevent a leak from his bladder. What the Hell?! He hadn’t even needed to pee a minute ago! But, he’d nearly started to— Started to— He REALLY needed to go, NOW! “B—Bulma!” He ordered, trying to force his voice to sound more firm in spite of his laughter. “Stop— You have to stop now!”

She wouldn’t listen, “Oh, look at this, I’ve got the Prince of all Saiyans begging me for mercy!”

“No— No you don’t—“ Enraged, Vegeta gripped her hand, but she squirmed it free and continued. His bladder spasmed sharply, and he really didn’t feel like he was in control of it at all. He tensed his thighs, shuddering. He felt a hot twinge moving down his length. “I— Haha—Stop now! I— I need— Hahaha— I need you to stop!”

“Tell me I’ve defeated you,” Bulma teased, trailing her hand over his stomach.

“N—Never!” Vegeta exclaimed. “That’s— Hahaha— Ridiculous! I’m not going to—“ Warmth trickled out of him as a few droplets managed to escape his quivering bladder. “—Stop. Stop it now. You don’t understa—“

“Haven’t had enough yet?” Bulma gathered, increasing her efforts, tickling him just beneath his ribs and making him laugh harder than ever. “Oh, here’s the right spot…”

Vegeta paled as another spurt hissed forth, “STOP, Bulma— I— Hahahaha— I’m going to— I— I need to—“

Ignoring him, Bulma pressed on, “You know how to make me stop…” she taunted. “Just say that I’ve defeated you, and—“

“N—No!” He couldn’t say that! There wasn’t ANY other statement that could POSSIBLY be harder for him to say than that one! Not even— Not even… “Bulma, I can’t hold it! Stop now! I’m gonna burst!”

Bulma slowed down, needing a second to actually process what he’d just said, “You’re…”

Vegeta shoved his way off the bed, trying not to cross his legs at a surge of pressure. Had he seriously just said that?! It had gotten her to stop, but— How could he have said such a thing?! Reddening intensely, he rushed to the bathroom and hoped the embarrassment wouldn’t make it too hard for him to go.

The sore, achy exhaustion in all of his muscles seemed to help, because his bladder began emptying fairly quickly. What surprised him was how little had actually been IN there. It shouldn’t have been THAT shocking since he had peed before getting into bed, but with as urgent as it had felt he’d expected more. He hoped that what he’d done to himself in the gravity chamber hadn’t shrunk his bladder…

He came back out a moment later, shame-faced.

“I’m sorry,” Bulma said. “I got carried away. I just love the sound of your laugh, and I don’t get to hear it that often.”

Vegeta laid back down, still blushing.

“Come on, Vegeta… I promise, I didn’t mean to make you laugh THAT hard!”

Vegeta sat up slightly, “Laughter… Makes you need—“

“Yeah,” Bulma said. “You didn’t know that?”

Vegeta shook his head. He’d never laughed that hard before, his body had never had that type of reaction.

“Well, it does, that’s normal,” Bulma told him. “I had no idea your ribs were so ticklish! Too bad you normally have armor on over them!”

“Perhaps I should start wearing my armor to bed…” Vegeta said. “Sounds like I need it for my own protection.”

“Aw, don’t be like that,” Bulma said. “Hm…”

“What?”

“I was thinking about your tail…”

“Why?”

“Saiyan tails are REALLY sensitive, aren’t they? I wonder what it would have been like to tickle you THERE.”

“Well, if my tail ever spontaneously reappears, you’d better not try to find out!”

Bulma laughed and was about to lay down, when something else occurred to her. “Hey, back when you still had your tail, you’d transform during the full moon just like Goku, right?”

“Of course I would,” Vegeta said. “Why?”

“Do you remember if you ever tried to pee while you were transformed?”

Vegeta jerked away from her, his face instantaneously scorching red. “Of course not! Why the Hell would I do that?!”

“I thought maybe it would have been easier.”

“How would it have been easier?!” Vegeta demanded.

“Well, when Goku did it, he wasn’t himself anymore. He didn’t know what he was doing, and seemed to just act on instinct. More like an animal—“

“Even more than usual?”

“Vegeta…” Bulma sighed. “I just figured, if you’re not really aware of yourself, then you would be less likely to get—“

“I was always in control of myself while transformed,” Vegeta said. “I knew what I was doing. That’s something Saiyans master when they’re young. I guess Kakarot never managed it because there weren’t any other Saiyans around to teach him how.”

“Yeah, Goku definitely never knew what he was doing. And he wouldn’t remember any of it, either,” Bulma said.

“Why are you even asking about this? My tail’s not going to grow back,” Vegeta said.

“I know,” Bulma said. “Trust me, I pay enough attention to that area of your body to know that.”

“V—Vulgar—“ Vegeta covered his face as he somehow managed to turn even redder.

“So, you never even TRIED to pee that way?”

“Of course not! We weren’t even supposed to… You know… in that form. Because it would get… VERY disgusting. I HOPE Kakarot never did it.”

Bulma cringed. Now that she was picturing it more, it was probably a good thing that Vegeta hadn’t tried to relieve himself in that state. “He didn’t,” Bulma said. “Guess we lucked out there.”

Vegeta mumbled something quietly. And since he was speaking softly, it of course caught Bulma’s attention. “Hm?”

“N—Nothing, forget about it.”

“Vegeta…”

“Ugh, fine… I said… I said that sometimes transforming DID help, though.”

“How?”

“It was easier for me to… Okay, so if I was transformed I’d… Uh… You’ve seen Kakarot change, you already know there’s a huge size increase.”

“But, how does— Oh,” Bulma said. “So, then your bladder would be…”

“It would be much larger, yes.”

His bladder was already enormous. When he’d been transformed, it must have been practically bottomless. She could imagine him being very desperate, insides splitting apart from the pressure, and then when his form changed he wouldn’t even feel it anymore. But, it wasn’t like he stayed that way forever, he’d have to change back eventually. And, then the opposite would happen. He’d suddenly be feeling the full brunt of his desperation all at once, made even worse by all the time that had passed.

Vegeta was recalling those moments now, when he shrank back down to his normal size and the urge to pee returned to him instantaneously. The worst occasions were those where he’d managed to FORGET that he’d been bursting in the moments before he’d transformed. He’d be surprised by wave after wave of pressure, when seconds ago he hadn’t felt like he’d needed to pee at all.

Transforming back was a disorienting process to begin with, he needed to quickly readjust to his regular size and shape, his energy would feel out of place for a few seconds, the whole thing was dizzying. Add onto that a sudden, extreme, emergency need for the bathroom and he’d really struggle to maintain his composure. When it was REALLY bad, he’d fold over on himself or be brought to his knees by the heavy swell in his middle, mortified that Nappa or Raditz would notice his severe distress and know what was bothering him.

His only saving grace was that those two would always handle it far worse than he did. The dizzying effects of changing back were harder on them, leaving them dazed for much longer, and less aware of what Vegeta was doing. If Vegeta released a pained, desperate moan and tangled his legs together, it went unnoticed.

And, they handled the bladder-thing a lot worse as well. If either of them had been a little desperate before transforming, then when they turned back, there would be issues. Generally, this just meant that they had to go right away wherever they were, while Vegeta turned his back and shuddered as he tried to block out the noise from his brain, scoffing at them and ordering them to hurry it up.

‘Hurry, dammit,’ he’d think. ‘I need to get… Somewhere!’ Every so often, Vegeta would contemplate joining them for a second, his bladder would be aching so bad and it wasn’t RIGHT that two low-level fighters should be allowed to relieve themselves while their prince continued to suffer! But, they’d always finish before Vegeta could talk himself into doing it.

Then at least one of them would make some kind of remark like “Wow, Vegeta, changing back didn’t make you need to go?! Your bladder must be made of titanium!” And, that would be the end of it; Vegeta definitely couldn’t admit that, actually, he WAS about to explode after that kind of comment! He had to live up to those words!

One time, things had happened a little differently, however. When Vegeta transformed back and the fullness of his bladder slammed into him once more, his eyes widened comically and he almost lost his footing. He had to go so fucking bad! He was overflowing! His middle felt like Frieza had blown a hole straight through it, and his thoughts immediately turned into a garbled mess of desperation. It was bad, it was astonishingly bad. It was so bad that he was squeezing his thighs and pressing his tail against himself— It was less obvious if he used his tail instead of his hands, right?

It was so bad that he was seriously considering peeing with Nappa and Raditz. Just this ONE time. He’d… He’d pretend it wasn’t an emergency, like he could hold it for ages more if he wanted to! He’d pretend he was only going because… Because he… Wanted to… Uh… Because he wanted to PROVE something, yeah! He’d say ‘A Saiyan should be able to piss WAY farther than that! Look how far I can spray it!’ And—

Ugh… Why was the thought of showing off, boasting and making a big spectacle only causing his stomach to knot up on itself? That wasn’t what usually happened to him at all! Yet, when he imagined himself announcing that he could shoot his stream farther than his companions, and then releasing his bladder in front of them to prove it… His… His chest felt twitchy, like it was itching, but on the inside. He hoped it would go away, he just had to—

“Ahhh!” A startled yell, followed by a furious hiss.

Vegeta turned to see that Raditz and Nappa had changed back. Nappa was stumbling around and gripping himself. And Raditz was frozen still, liquid pouring down one of his legs.

Vegeta found himself unable to move as well. The strange itch in his chest worsened, and it was starting to move up into his shoulders and down his arms as well. His face felt very, very warm. He was… Embarrassed, even though he wasn’t the one disgracing himself. He opened his mouth a few times, unable to form words. Raditz’s accident created an intensely noisy gush, splashing harshly against the ground beneath his feet. It was the loudest thing Vegeta had ever heard, and it was making his bladder lurch, he tensed his thighs. His tail, still pinned between them, started to ache.

Off to his side, he was dimly aware of Nappa relieving his bladder, but he remained fixated on Raditz, and how dismayed and horrified his expression was. Vegeta’s bladder was thrashing, and his blood ran icy cold.

He knew he was supposed to start screaming at Raditz now, demanding to know why he hadn’t held it, shouting at him that he was a weak, useless excuse for a fighter if he wasn’t even strong enough to control his bladder. He was supposed to yell at him that he was a disgrace to the few Saiyans left alive. That sort of thing was what he would have done any OTHER time Raditz screwed something up.

But, he couldn’t do it now. The words refused to come. The ANGER refused to come, and that was the scariest part of all. All he could feel was humiliation and shame— And a whole lot of confusion because HE wasn’t the one who’d had an accident! HE was still holding it! He COULD hold it, he could hold it forever, he would never wet himself, ever…. Something inside of him was hurting, and not JUST his bladder.

Raditz finally finished, “Pr—Prince Vegeta, I—“

“Silence,” Vegeta said. Raditz’s bladder was empty now. Comfortable. Drained. No longer stretching him out. No longer driving him insane with pressure. Vegeta’s was so full he thought he might die, and he felt… He felt so… What the fuck was this feeling? Why was he so twitchy? Why were little bugs crawling beneath his skin? No, not bugs, they were worms. Disgusting, slimy, wriggling little worms, and they were all as cold as could be, and he couldn’t get rid of them because they were inside him, filling up his chest. “Don’t speak to me.”

Nappa returned, “Vegeta, you’re not too mad are y—“

“You shut up, too,” Vegeta growled. He wasn’t mad, he was… Something else. He didn’t know what. All he knew was that he HATED it, and he wanted to get away from here, he wanted to be alone, and he really, REALLY wanted to fucking pee!

They returned to their pods. Once they’d taken off and Vegeta was alone in his seat, he writhed like crazy the whole way back. His bladder was going to burst and the sensations in his chest hadn’t faded at all. When they returned to one of Frieza’s many planets, and Vegeta was able to lock himself into a restroom, he could barely pee. He went, but it came out in a slow, dismal trickle, he had to cup a hand over his lower belly and squeeze to get it to continue dribbling, straining and pushing down so hard on his muscles that he was making himself light-headed.

It took him close to ten minutes to force everything out, and he couldn’t understand why. He thought he was sick, but refused to get it checked out as he was too ashamed. He was able to urinate normally the next morning anyway, so he told himself it had been a fluke.

That, he thought, was the first time that strange feeling in his chest had really become noticeable.

“Vegeta…?” Bulma asked now. “What are you thinking about?”

“Nothing,” Vegeta said.

“When you changed back, and your bladder shrank,” Bulma said. “Was that ever—“

“It was never a problem,” Vegeta said. “I could handle it.”

“Okay…” Bulma knew there was something he wasn’t saying, but pressed on. He was speaking about his problem with her, however clipped his responses may have been. She had to get him to keep it up. Talking about it would help him, she knew it would. “Here’s something you might find funny,” she said. “When Yamcha came back to life, he wet himself.”

“I think Yamcha does that any time I look at him,” Vegeta said. “So, I’m not surprised.”

“When you come back, it’s like waking up from a long sleep, isn’t it? That’s how it felt for me after Buu,” Bulma said. “So, you need to go, right?”

Vegeta rolled his eyes, “If you are trying to get me to… To ‘disclose’ how my resurrections faired on my… On my bladder, then you can forget about it.”

“So, something DID happen, then?”

“Nah—No! That’s not what I said!”

“You implied it.”

“Well… Even if I did, I’m not elaborating! The— The second time was horrific and I’m never speaking of it, and the first time— You were THERE for the first time, so you already know!”

“I don’t know,” Bulma corrected.

“Well, you were there,” Vegeta said. “I’m sure you can remember if you try. I’m not going to recount it for you.”

Of course, now Vegeta couldn’t stop remembering it.

The first time Vegeta was brought back to life, he spent the first hour just trying not to squirm as he leaned against a tree. He also tried his best not to think about how— if he were ANYONE else— the fact that he was beside a tree right now would have been a perfect solution to his current problem.

His body hadn’t cooperated with him at all during his trip to Namek— It had betrayed him in every conceivable way. He struggled so much to void even when he was alone, and whenever he finally DID manage to let something out, he was never able to finish; It was torture, he’d try over and OVER again to pee, fail repeatedly most times, and then on the rare occasions that his bladder decided to obey him, he’d only be able to get just enough out to take the edge off. He was never able to empty himself completely, and was perpetually desperate.

Every fight he’d gotten into on Namek, he’d had to manage with a full bladder. Each time he had to use the healing pod, he’d wish there were something in it that would manually force his body to drain out. Even when he got knocked unconscious, he didn’t urinate on himself— And, to his horror, he was DISMAYED each time he came to and realized that he was somehow still holding it. He thought he’d be able to forgive himself for having an accident if it happened under those circumstances.

Miraculously, he was finally able to go after Kakarot had shown up and taken out the rest of the Ginyus. Vegeta didn’t know WHY that had done it, perhaps knowing that most of the people on the planet were now too dead to watch him piss was all he needed. Whatever the case, when he unzipped and tried for the hundredth time to rid himself of the awful pains tearing apart his insides and setting fire to his back, he was at last able to get out every drop.

After he’d finished, he’d felt so exhausted that he’d fallen asleep beside the healing pod Kakarot was in. He hadn’t MEANT to rest so close to Kakarot, that was just where he happened to be when he realized his eyelids no longer wanted to stay open.

But, soon after that was when his body would betray him in an even worse way, by failing to take down Frieza. He threw EVERYTHING he had at Frieza, and it had done absolutely nothing. Then, the most heinous betrayal of all, Vegeta had actually… He’d… Cried. He’d actually cried… And Vegeta DIDN’T cry— EVER. And then he just embarrassed himself even more, he practically BEGGED Kakarot to kill Frieza FOR him— Vegeta DIDN’T beg— but he had…

And Frieza shot a beam straight through his heart while he was doing it. Vegeta had been killed while BEGGING a low-level fighter to do something that he himself was incapable of. He couldn’t think of a more shameful way to die.

But, he’d been brought back… Apparently, since he’d defected from Frieza, he was counted in the wish to bring back everyone from Namek that had been killed by Frieza and his army. He should have been happy to be alive again, and he WAS, but it only took a few seconds for him to become reacquainted with one of the most annoying aspects of being alive; He badly needed to relieve himself.

It wasn’t the same level of urgency he’d been experiencing ON Namek, at least. His back didn’t feel like it was drowning in acid after being set on fire a bunch of times. But, he was concerned about how much time he had left BEFORE that feeling reemerged. He was surprised he even needed to pee so much, he HADN’T needed to go at all when Frieza had— Had shot his heart.

He ignored everyone else talking, bored by their conversation about where the Namekians were going to live now, and how to bring Kakarot back. Vegeta’s only concern was when and WHERE he would be able to void. Again, the tree would have been perfectly serviceable if he wasn’t so— If this… problem weren’t a factor. But, he doubted the issue had vanished when he’d been brought back to life, and there was a large crowd here to watch as he tried— and most likely failed— to urinate.

For some reason, the idea of someone watching him STRUGGLE to pee was even more horrifying to him than the idea of someone watching him ACTUALLY go…

The tree wouldn’t work. He could fly off and look for somewhere else, but Earth was a densely populated planet and he’d seen very, very little of it. He had no idea which direction to head off in, if he’d even be ABLE to find seclusion anywhere close by.

Come to think of it, where was he going to stay? He didn’t have a way OFF this planet, he was stuck here. In the past, when he stayed on one planet for a longer period of time, it was because Frieza had established a base on it, so he’d have a room somewhere. Otherwise, he slept in his pod or on Frieza’s ship. None of those things were options now…

Urgh… He’d deal with that later. One problem at a time. It would be easier to figure out where he was gonna sleep after his bladder was finished distracting him.

The blue-haired Earth woman was offering to let the Namekians stay at her house… There were so many of them, how large were Earthling homes? Had Kakarot been living like a king while Vegeta had been relegated to whatever tiny quarters Frieza granted him? How dare—

Before he could finish that thought, the woman added that HE could stay at her house too… And then she— She had the AUDACITY to tell him that he was kind of cute! HOW DARE— “WHAT?! I’m not— Shut up!”

As if that wasn’t bad enough, she also had the gall to laugh! He, Vegeta, had just ORDERED her to be silent and she responded by LAUGHING! “Oh, come on, drop the arrogant tough guy act and relax, let it all out!” She said.

What was she saying THAT for?! Could she tell?! He looked down at himself, noticing the tremors in his legs, but thankfully nothing else. He really, really had to pee, but he didn’t think it LOOKED like he really, really had to pee… Even if she couldn’t tell that he needed to go, speaking so CASUALLY to him was unacceptable! Didn’t she know who he was, what he was capable of?! Why wasn’t she terrified of him?!

Perhaps she was, and her offer of a place to sleep was an attempt to placate him so that he didn’t DESTROY this dustball of a planet. Yeah. She WAS scared of him, she was just better at hiding it than most people, that had to be it.

Two hours later, Vegeta was struggling not to double over as the Earth woman— Bulma— gave him a tour of her ridiculously oversized house. He didn’t understand why she was doing this. She’d just sent the Namekians off with her father so he could show them to their rooms. But, for some reason, she wanted to show him EVERYTHING.

Everything except for the ONLY thing Vegeta actually WANTED to see… He wanted her to hurry up and bring him to the room he’d be staying in, and then leave him alone for a while. But, he realized he was just ASSUMING that the room would contain something he could relieve himself into. That may just be wishful thinking. He might get there and find that he had nowhere to go after all. His room on Frieza’s ship hadn’t had an attached restroom, so he was always forced to wait around until he was certain no one would see him entering a bathroom before he could use it.

That had been annoying, but at least he knew where all the toilets on Frieza’s ship WERE. He couldn’t say the same for this place— At no point in this long winded tour had Bulma pointed out where ANY of them were. And Vegeta— Well, he couldn’t just ASK. Bulma was already confusing him, she was way too good at acting like she didn’t fear him, he almost actually BELIEVED it. And, needing her to provide him somewhere to sleep made him think she was pitying him. Giving any indication that he desperately had to use the bathroom would make all of that worse.

It would be even easier for her to pretend that he wasn’t menacing if he admitted that he was dying to pee. And, if he failed to keep his squirming in check, he’d look pathetic, she’d pity him more. He could NOT ask, he could NOT draw her attention to this. So long as she didn’t find out that he had to go, everything would be okay. He’d handle his need unnoticed, and THEN he’d be able to show her that he was meant to be feared, that the last thing he ever needed was anyone’s sympathy, and that he was DEFINITELY not ‘cute’!

Vegeta was still worried that she could already tell, though. That whole ‘let it all out’ comment was stuck in his mind, and it wouldn’t surprise him if this never-ending tour that was skipping over any restroom facilities was a deliberate act of torture on her part. Vegeta knew HE’D do something similar if he were showing Kakarot around a place and had noticed that he was bursting to go.

Bulma showed him a ridiculous number of rooms, most of them laboratories of some sort. She was telling him about ‘capsules’, and how apparently people could fit pretty much anything inside of one. Vegeta didn’t really understand any of it, maybe he would have if he’d been able to think more clearly.

She kept glancing back at him. Especially after his bladder started to throb so viciously that he was forced to slow down his pace. She could tell, she could tell… He was pathetic, and she could tell. She was wondering what was wrong with him, why he was incapable of just asking her where a bathroom was, why he was forcing himself to hold it for no reason.

Vegeta tried to calm himself down, maybe she couldn’t tell and it was all in his head. And, even if she had figured it out, maybe she just assumed that he didn’t know HOW to ask for what he needed, that since he was an alien he wasn’t sure what he was meant to say…

“Are you cold?” Bulma asked him finally.

This place WAS chillier than he was used to, but it wasn’t enough to make him uncomfortable. His bladder was doing a FINE job of that all on its own. But, Vegeta was aware that he was trembling, he was holding all of his muscles as taut as he could so that he didn’t give in to the desire to squirm. “I’m fine… Just exhausted. And your yammering hasn’t helped much.”

Bulma frowned, then rolled her eyes, “I guess I can’t expect you to have any manners, can I?”

Vegeta huffed, glancing away. He had every right to be annoyed! This tour had been going on for ages, and even if she DIDN’T notice that he was bursting, it was still her fault! To his dismay, he thought he actually kind of WANTED her to figure it out, being asked if he wanted to pee didn’t seem as difficult to him as bringing it up himself. That realization wasn’t enough to prompt him to start squirming more blatantly, however. He still couldn’t bring himself to do that, even as his body screamed at him to move around.

“I guess I’ve shown you everything you’d need to know about…” Bulma considered.

She hadn’t. She’d forgotten something important. Vegeta just couldn’t form the words… And now he’d been standing in one spot for too long, and his bladder was pinching and surging a bit more persistently. He stepped in place. Then, fearing that was too obvious, he started to pace around the hallway instead.

“Where are you going?” Bulma asked. “Was there something you wanted to see more closely?”

“N—No, I just—“ ‘I have to relieve myself really badly,’ he thought. ‘That’s all I want to do’. “Like I said, I’m exhausted. Being dead takes a lot out of you, not that someone like you would know anything about that!”

His lower eyelid twitched when Bulma started to laugh. “Pfft… Hahahaha!”

“Wh—What’s so damn funny, woman?!” Vegeta demanded. Had she figured it out? Could she tell he was about to burst? Did she think his critical need to release his waters was hilarious for some reason?! How dare she?!

“You’re bragging about DYING before I have,” Bulma pointed out. “I’ve never heard anyone do that— And, a lot of my friends have died at least once before. You think EVERYTHING you do is some big triumph, don’t you?”

“That’s not what I meant— I— Dammit, I will NOT be mocked!”

“Heh, you’re blushing…” Bulma pointed out.

“I am NOT,” Vegeta insisted, covering his face, just to be sure. She was laughing at him… She was supposed to be cowering in fear. At MOST, she was supposed to be angry at him! Those were the reactions Vegeta was used to, terror or fury. People weren’t supposed to be happy to be around him!

It was because his bladder was full. That was it. He needed to pee so badly that his usual, threatening aura must have been fading. That was why she wasn’t scared. Once he’d relieved himself, he’d be able to show her what he was REALLY made of again.

If he ever GOT to pee, anyway…

“But, alright. You’re tired. You were SO busy being dead,” Bulma said. “Want me to show you your room?”

“Very well…” Vegeta replied. There had BETTER be somewhere he could urinate in there too. He dreaded having to leave the room and then… Search around for a while because he STILL couldn’t bring himself to just ASK…

“Okay,” Bulma said. She led him down another hallway. And then another. And another. Vegeta was starting to think the whole tour was completely pointless. This place was like a maze. He figured that, even if he hadn’t been preoccupied this whole time, he’d still be unable to remember where anything actually was.

As they walked, he occasionally glanced at the doors, searching for any indication that one of them led to a restroom. He wouldn’t be able to rush right inside if he spotted one, of course. But, he’d try to remember the location so he could come back later when he was by himself. Very few of the doors had labels on them though and the few labels he DID see weren’t ones that he could understand.

Bulma finally opened one of the doors, revealing a bedroom. “Here,” she said. “Get some rest. If you need anything, I’ll be in the atrium.”   Vegeta couldn’t recall how to get back there. But, he was clearly incapable of asking her for anything no matter how badly he needed it, so it didn’t matter. He glanced into the room, unable to tell if it held any promise of relief. “This is… Satisfactory,” he said. “Be on your way now.”

“What do you say?” Bulma prompted him. Clearly, he needed to be taught some manners…

“The room is fine,” Vegeta said. “Goodnight.”

Well… That wasn’t what she was looking for, but ‘goodnight’ was still one of the nicest things he’d said to her so far. “Try to get some sleep,” she told him.

Vegeta strode into the room and shut the door. As soon as he heard it click, he bent forwards and grasped at himself, granting his body some much needed pressure. He bounced on his heels as he tried to get a better handle on his need. All that walking around and waiting, and he hadn’t been able to do ANYTHING to calm down the throbbing. He looked up after a moment, he could see two doors, and hoped ONE of them would lead to what he wanted.

Before he could straighten himself back out, the bedroom door opened again. Vegeta jumped as light flooded into the room, and he was still standing there, hunched over, holding himself and rubbing his legs together. He hurriedly released his hands and spun around. “Wha— What is it— I wasn’t doing anyth—“

Bulma stared at him for a second, “Are you okay?” She asked. “Does your chest still hurt? If it does, you can say so— You don’t have to try to hide it.”

“I—I’m not hurt,” Vegeta snapped. “I’m fine! What do you want?”

Bulma kept looking at him, at his strained posture and fidgeting legs. Now that he’d LET himself start squirming, he couldn’t help but continue. “Just wanted to let you know that if you get hungry or thirsty during the night, you’re allowed to get something from the kitchen.”

“Yes, yes, that’s great,” Vegeta rushed out. “N—Now, I— I want to be alone.” Please, just let him be alone! He couldn’t hold still, and if she kept watching him like that, it was only inevitable that she was going to work out why!

“Okay,” Bulma said. “But, if you ever want to talk to someone—“

“Later!” Vegeta snapped. It was like she WANTED to be near him— It was insane! People weren’t supposed to like being close to him! If he didn’t start acting like he was SUPPOSED to soon—

“Alright, see you tomorrow,” And finally she was shutting the door again.

Vegeta’s hands flew back between his legs for a nice, long squeeze before he was able to start walking again. He managed to reach one of the doors and yanked it open, discovering a small closet, with nothing of use inside of it. Wincing, he shut the door and stumbled across the room to the other one. If this one didn’t have anywhere he could piss, he was going to go crazy. He couldn’t leave this room anymore because he could no longer let go of his crotch. Yeah, if Bulma saw him like THIS she’d immediately tell him where he could find a bathroom, but he couldn’t allow her to see anything this pitiful, EVER.

He yanked open the door and immediately felt a bit of tension fade. A restroom, finally… The toilet looked pretty close to what he was used to as well, and he was glad humans and Saiyans had similar anatomy. There wasn’t a holder for him to place his tail into if he wanted to sit down, but since his tail didn’t seem to be growing back, he doubted that would ever be a problem.

He quickly shut the door and moved to lock it, shaking a bit when it struck him how flimsy the lock actually felt in his hand. He was sure it was enough to keep a human from busting down the door, but it was very apparent that, if he wasn’t careful, he could very easily destroy it.

Vegeta got in front of the toilet and hurriedly lifted the lid and seat up, getting his clothing apart as fast as he could. But, naturally, relief didn’t come easily.

He’d DIED today, he’d been killed by Frieza after being utterly decimated by him, AND while basically begging Kakarot for help… He’d reached a whole new level of pathetic. He didn’t see any way to come back from that. Clearly, he must have lost what made him a great fighter today, otherwise Bulma would be scared of him. But, she wasn’t. And the only reason she WOULDN’T be frightened would be because she too thought he was pathetic…

He was definitely pitiful, he couldn’t even piss… ‘Come ON, stupid thing… WORK,’ he thought. ‘Can’t ONE thing do what I want it to today?!’ He pushed a hand onto his lower stomach, inevitably just drawing forth more pain rather than a stream. ‘Frieza killed you so easily, he thought you were a joke. You didn’t even faze him. Nothing you did fazed him.’

He hated how, when he struggled to piss, he just got locked up in his thoughts like this. He was totally alone with them, and they became far more vicious and cruel than anything he ever said to other people— And that was an impressive feat. ‘You are the prince of all Saiyans,’ he told himself. ‘You can’t let one loss destroy you like this…’ But, it was the worst loss imaginable.

He had to strain and force himself to start peeing, and when it finally happened it was a slow, dismal stream that was tinted pink. The color alarmed him for a moment, but then the memory of Frieza pounding his fists into his kidneys over and over returned to him. No big mystery as to where the pink had come from. At least it wasn’t bright red…

He never managed to really burst, only continuing to let out the halting, dribbling spurts. At least he was finally going at all, even if he barely felt relieved by it. It took him so long to get all of it out that his legs went numb. Finally, he was able to put his clothes back together. His abdomen was sore and aching, and so was his back. And his chest where Frieza’s final blast had hit him. And his arms. And… Basically everything.

Dying really HAD taken a lot out of him…

He left the restroom and collapsed on the bed. He knew he should probably wash himself, but he was just so tired and wanted this day to finally end. He’d deal with it tomorrow.

Vegeta jumped again when he heard the door opening. Bulma was back… Again… Now that he wasn’t bursting to piss, he thought he could be a bit more menacing to her, at least. He sat up, glowering. “What do you want this time, woman?!” He snapped. “I am trying to sleep!”

“I know,” Bulma said. “And, I’m sorry. It’s just, I was thinking and I realized that I forgot something important.”

Vegeta sighed and exaggeratedly rolled his eyes, folding his arms. “And what might that be?”

“I didn’t show you where any of the bathrooms are,” Bulma said. “I’m sorry, that should have been one of the first things.”

What was she implying?! Did she think he couldn’t hold it for a reasonable amount of time?!

“And, I don’t know how similar the showers and toilets are here to what you got used to in space, or if you need me to explain how they work, so if that’s a problem—“

“I am perfectly capable of figuring such things out!”

“I’m sure you can! But, you looked so uncomfortable earlier, and I started thinking maybe you just needed to—“

“Of course not! I’m not a child!”

“Don’t get all defensive about th—“

“I’m NOT getting defensive!” Vegeta exclaimed, defensively.

Bulma sighed. “You’re blushing again,” she deadpanned.

“Nope,” Vegeta insisted, covering his face again. “Now… Get out. I want to sleep. And you don’t have to explain anything to me.”

“Alright… Sleep well,” Bulma said. Like she actually cared about whether or not he got a decent night’s rest… Why SHOULD she?

The next morning, Vegeta woke uncomfortably. Now that he’d rested up, he was a lot more aware of how filthy he was. He needed to wash off… He went to the shower and stared at the dial for a few seconds. It was… Weird. On Frieza’s ship, the showers had had a bunch of buttons, not just one huge dial. One button to turn it on and off, and then a series of them to control the temperature.

Deciding the dial couldn’t be THAT different, Vegeta turned it slightly, and immediately a spray of ice-cold water hit him. “Gah—!” Cold, cold, cold! He shivered violently as he moved the dial just a tiny bit further. Suddenly, the water was blisteringly hot instead. Dammit!

He’d figure this out. He did NOT need Bulma to teach him how it worked!

***

“I guess I do kind of remember,” Bulma said now. “When I was giving you that tour, I thought the AC was too high since you wouldn’t stop shaking, then I thought maybe you just had to go, and you—“

“Ordered you to stop speaking about it,” Vegeta said. “And, I would very much appreciate it if you did that NOW. I’m through discussing this.”

*031*2024-01-07 19:54

Another from the same series.

***

Vegeta understood the need for him to be on this trip; Bulma was winning an award for one of her inventions, of COURSE Vegeta had to be there to watch her accept it. He WANTED to be there to see her accept it, he was proud of her!

What he didn’t understand at ALL was why Kakarot had to be here too. None of their other friends were tagging along, JUST Kakarot. What he understood even LESS were the sleeping arrangements at the hotel.

“I’m going to be up all night rehearsing my speech,” Bulma said. “And, the last time I did something like that, you were in a terrible mood all day from being kept awake. So, this time, it’s best if we don’t share a room.”

Okay. Fine. That was all well and good. Vegeta could definitely remember the last time Bulma had kept him awake until morning, it had been aggravating and he’d spent the entirety of the next day snapping at everyone and everything… Even more than he usually did! And, while he’d grown accustomed to sleeping beside Bulma, he could manage being alone for one night.

Except, as it turned out, he wasn’t going to be alone.

“Why the Hell do I have to share a room with Kakarot?!” Vegeta demanded once it was all explained to him. He couldn’t make sense of it! It wasn’t as though Bulma couldn’t AFFORD three separate hotel rooms!

“What’s the big deal?” Bulma asked. “You and Goku have slept in the same room before.”

“Well, I didn’t have a choice those times!”

“You don’t have a choice THIS time,” Bulma said.

“I do. Just get Kakarot his own room.”

But, Bulma had just shaken her head, and made some comment about Vegeta’s Saiyan hearing, and how Kakarot ‘might be useful’ to him once they got there.

Vegeta had no idea what THAT was supposed to mean, and made it VERY clear that he didn’t approve of this.

Goku, on the other hand, understood it all right away, especially after Bulma told him Vegeta had never stayed at a hotel before and likely wasn’t picturing it accurately. Goku WAS familiar with hotels, he knew that they could sometimes be noisy. He knew that, with the strong ears of a Saiyan, it was easy to overhear people in other rooms.

Goku also knew that Vegeta struggled to accomplish certain, important things if he could hear people talking or moving around near him.

“Oh, okay. Yeah, I get why you want me to come,” Goku said.

“Well, I DO want you to hear my speech too,” Bulma said. “I’m not JUST inviting you so you can help Vegeta with his… ‘Thing’ if any problems come up.”

“I will help, though,” Goku assured. “Don’t worry— Worst case scenario, I should at least be able to teleport him somewhere that he’ll feel more comfortable.”

“Thank you,” Bulma said, relieved. “That’s one less thing to worry about. And, I know I shouldn’t have to tell you this, but don’t let Vegeta find out why you guys are sharing a room.”

“I won’t.”

***

The day they left on their trip, both Vegeta and Kakarot groaned when Bulma insisted they drive so they could all go together. “Just allow me to teach you how to fly!” Vegeta complained. “It’s so much faster, and there are way fewer idiots up in the sky than there are on the road!”

“No, Vegeta,” Bulma said. “The only way I’m leaving the ground is if I’m in a plane, you KNOW this.”

“I could just use instant transmission!” Kakarot offered. “You said your parents are already there, so I only have to find their chi. I’ll have us there in half a second!”

“I can’t believe I’m saying, but I agree with Kakarot,” Vegeta said, surprised that his rival seemed to share his dislike of cars.

“I want to drive,” Bulma said. “It will give me time to think over my speech, decide if I want to change anything.”

“Then let US fly,” Vegeta suggested.

“I’m the one with all the check-in information,” Bulma said. “And, I don’t want to know what kind of trouble will be caused by the two of you getting bored inside this hotel.”

“What’s the worst that could happen?” Vegeta scoffed.

Bulma sighed, “It has an all-you-can-eat buffet,” she stated.

“One that I’m not banned from yet?!” Kakarot asked, getting excited.

Vegeta groaned.

“Case closed,” Bulma said. “Get in the car.”

Vegeta and Kakarot grumbled as they did as they’d been asked. Vegeta had no idea what Kakarot had against car rides. Vegeta knew why HE hated them; They were slow, having to wait for other cars was infuriating, and when other drivers failed to obey the rules of the road he was enraged. But, Kakarot was okay with taking it easy sometimes, the speed shouldn’t bother him too much, and he doubted Kakarot got that angry at other drivers, either. It just wasn’t in his nature to go into a spitting, blind fury because someone had cut him off.

It didn’t take Vegeta too long to find out why Kakarot didn’t like riding in cars, though. And, recalling the misery of the drive to Trunks’s parent-teacher conference, Vegeta was surprised it hadn’t occurred to him. Kakarot’s bladder was FAR smaller than Vegeta’s, and he’d be feeling the bumps in the road and the pressure of his seat-belt just as strongly. And, with someone else driving, he couldn’t stop whenever and wherever he wanted to.

When he heard Kakarot start to whine, “Bulma! You gotta pull over! Now!” everything clicked. Kakarot didn’t like long drives because he wasn’t able to hold it through them.

He chose to announce his need for the restroom while they were on a barren road, though. Nowhere to stop. Not even any foliage to pee behind, as Kakarot so often did.

“I can’t right now, Goku,” Bulma said. “You should have said something when we passed that gas station a while ago.”

“I didn’t have to pee then!” Kakarot complained. “Just pull over, let me go here!”

“No,” Bulma said. “There’s nowhere for you TO go.”

“I can just do it in the dirt, come on!”

“There are other cars out here, somebody might spot you.”

“So?” Kakarot asked, shifting his legs back and forth and tapping his feet.

“You could get in trouble,” Bulma said. “I had to pay ENOUGH of those fines for you when you were little.”

Vegeta quirked a brow. “Fines?”

“For public urination,” Bulma explained. “I’m not letting him get ANOTHER of those today.”

Vegeta was still perplexed. With as often as Kakarot peed outside, if that resulted in a fine on this planet, then Kakarot should be completely broke by now. As the notion settled in his thoughts further, a buzzing formed in his chest. HE peed outdoors sometimes, if it was absolutely necessary and he was sure no one could spot him. But, if there was a chance he’d be FINED for that… Money was no issue for him, but the utter embarrassment of it all was a completely different story.

He glared out the car window. Just fantastic, a new thing to worry about!

“Come ooooon,” Kakarot pleaded. “There aren’t any police around here, so who’s gonna give me a fine?!”

Vegeta relaxed a bit. Not only would someone have to SEE him for him to be fined— Meaning that he wouldn’t have been able to pee at all to begin with— that person would also need to be a member of the police. He would NOT be publicly humiliated the next time he needed to relieve himself in the woods.

“Hold it, Goku,” Bulma said. “I’m just trying to keep you out of trouble.”

Kakarot kept shifting and wriggling, “But, Bulma! It’s gonna come out!”

“I’m sure there will be a place to stop soon,” Bulma told him. “If… If there’s not one in half an hour, then you can go outside. How’s that? The longest you’ll have to wait is just thirty more minutes.”

“Okay, deal!” Kakarot said.

“Don’t barter with that idiot,” Vegeta scolded. “It’s his own fault that he needs to go so badly. He should have done it earlier, as you said.”

“Vegetaaa,” Kakarot whined. “I didn’t have to go then! I— Ah!” He made a pained, wincing noise as the car hit over a bump and evidently gave an awful jolt to his full bladder.

That lurch was also responsible for bringing the first few thrums of need from Vegeta’s bladder to his attention. The feeling faded after a few seconds, but Vegeta was aware now that he wasn’t empty, that he was starting to re-fill after the pee he’d taken right before they’d left. And that, unlike Kakarot, going on the side of the road in thirty minutes wasn’t an option. Nor would he be able to make use of a gas station if they stopped at one. All he could do was hold it in until they got to the hotel.

He had no doubt that he’d be able to pee at the hotel. Bulma had explained to him what it would be like, and that it would be similar to his room at home. Since he could easily relieve himself THERE, then the hotel should be fine, too. His only worry was actually GETTING there before his bladder started to hurt him— Before his urge got bad enough that he was fidgeting around like the imbecile in the backseat.

Kakarot kept squirming, when Vegeta glanced back at him, he had folded in half and grabbed ahold of himself. Vegeta couldn’t fight the blush that emerged as he watched, and he quickly faced back in the other direction.

The next time he looked at Kakarot, he was putting his fingers against his forehead, his eyes squeezed shut. “Are you trying to use instant transmission…?” He asked.

“Yes!” Kakarot whined, bouncing in his seat. “But, I can’t concentrate!”

“Goku, come on,” Bulma sighed. “It’s just a few more minutes.”

Vegeta wished that he hadn’t, but he noticed the distinct differences between how Bulma treated him and how she treated Kakarot in this kind of situation. Any time Vegeta managed to tell her that he needed to go while they were out together— or he failed to keep his squirming subtle enough and she realized his bladder was full on her own— she didn’t respond to him like this. She NEVER groaned and told him to just hold it, nor did she tell him he should have relieved himself earlier. Instead, she’d encourage him to pee right away wherever they were, and when he inevitably refused and insisted he needed to go home, she would nod and allow him to do so.

And, he NEVER begged and pleaded like Kakarot was doing. He’d just stammer and mumble the vaguest acknowledgement of his need that he could, and Bulma would let him go. Kakarot was acting FAR more desperate than Vegeta would EVER be able to allow himself to, but Bulma was just rolling her eyes and telling him to be patient.

Vegeta shifted uncomfortably as he thought that over. Bulma was being far gentler with him, basically coddling him because of how awful his Problem was. Of course, he didn’t WANT Bulma to scold him or forbid him from flying home when he desperately needed to, but the realization that she was adjusting her behavior because he needed to be ‘accommodated’ stung. He wasn’t supposed to need special treatment over something as simple as pissing.

‘She only treats you differently because you’re married,’ Vegeta told himself. ‘It has nothing to do with your Problem. She just favors you over Kakarot— Like EVERYONE should!’ He knew that wasn’t it, though… Or at least, not ALL of it.

They found a gas station eventually, and Vegeta watched Kakarot sprint out of the car, his hands between his legs the whole time he was running. Vegeta’s face burned with a confusing amount of embarrassment, HE wasn’t the one blatantly behaving like a fool… He wasn’t even getting out of the car. He had no reason to.

Once Kakarot had entered the restroom, Vegeta found that he had to try VERY hard not to think about what his rival was doing in there. Vegeta’s own bladder was cramping quite a bit more now, and the knowledge that Kakarot was now accomplishing yet ANOTHER thing that Vegeta was incapable of was making the pressure hurt worse. He tried not to think about how relieved Kakarot must have been feeling, tried not to let the familiar grip of envy take hold of him once more— Not over something so STUPID!

He shifted his legs just slightly, moving one ankle over the other. His gaze flew to Bulma beside him, and he relaxed a bit when she didn’t appear to be watching him. But, now his insides were demanding him to KEEP moving. Now that he’d allowed himself to squirm a little, he wanted to do it more…

He gripped his knees to prevent them from bouncing, and hoped they weren’t THAT far from the hotel.

Kakarot came back, and the moron was carrying some massive soda cups for some idiotic reason. “Vegeta, you gotta try this,” Kakarot said once he got back in the car. “It’s so good!”

“Kakarot, after all that bitching and moaning you did about needing to piss, why the Hell would you drink so much?!”

“Why not? It isn’t like I still have to pee now,” Goku shrugged.

“But, if you drink ALL of that, then you’re just going to—“

“And, besides, one of them is for you, or Bulma… Whichever one of you wants it.”

Vegeta sighed as he accepted the cup. It was so big… The only way Vegeta would ever drink THAT much would be if he was at home and knew he wouldn’t have any reason to leave for the next several hours. No way was he drinking it when he was stuck in a car with no idea as to when they’d reach the hotel.

Kakarot was noisily slurping from his cup, and it was getting on Vegeta’s nerves. The tingles in his midsection fluttered a little more violently as he was subjected to the sound. His urge for relief was worsening— And, even more aggravating than that, it was making him feel thirsty. He hadn’t had anything to drink yet today— A necessary precaution for a long trip like this. Now, his throat was painfully dry.

The full soda cup resting beside him was extremely tempting, and the more he had to listen to Kakarot drink, the worse he felt.

‘One sip…’ Vegeta commanded himself. ‘Just ONE. Enough to get rid of that sand-paper feeling— Nothing more.’

He reached for the cup and took a small, deeply hesitant sip. He knew that a few drops of soda would not be enough to break his bladder, but he was so timid about putting ANY liquid into himself when he’d have no way to get it back out again. When the fluid wetted his tongue, erasing the chalky sensation there, he felt a bit better. He really WAS thirsty…

And, dammit, Kakarot was right! This soda DID taste amazing. He swallowed, and immediately had the urge to drink more. ‘No. No more,’ he thought. ‘A good warrior must be capable of restraint!’

Kakarot kept drinking, loudly…

Vegeta managed to ignore the soda for a few more minutes. It wasn’t easy. Now that he’d had ONE sip of something cold and wet, it was like he’d activated all of the nerve-endings in his throat and he was even MORE aware of how dehydrated he was. One, tiny sip hadn’t quenched his thirst, but had instead made it much worse.

Eventually, the dry feeling got to be too much, and he took another sip. Fuck, it was delicious, and it felt so good pouring down his throat… Just a LITTLE bit more shouldn’t hurt, right? Just— Just a couple more swallows, just until his tongue stopped feeling so withered.

***

‘DAMMIT!’ Vegeta thought a little while later, when he realized he’d finished the entire cup. He certainly wasn’t thirsty anymore… But, he couldn’t take much relief in that, since he knew where all of that liquid was now heading, about to flood into a container that didn’t have a properly functional exit…

His urge to pee had gotten a bit worse, it still wasn’t horrific or agonizing, but he could no longer ignore it, especially not with the knowledge of how much he’d just had to drink. He knew he had to stop thinking about it, concentrating on his bladder would just invite it to fill up faster. He was so frustrated with himself, though. How could he have allowed himself to drink all that, when he KNEW full well how badly it would turn out for him?!

‘Stupid Kakarot, why’d he have to give me this anyway?!’

Speaking of Kakarot, the fool had finished his OWN soda ages ago, and was once again shuffling around in the backseat and pleading for a stop.

Finally, to placate him, Bulma said something that instantly made Vegeta feel better. “We’re ALMOST at the hotel, Goku. Could you please hold on until then?”

“Mmmmf, I’ll try!” Kakarot whined. “But, I have to go so bad!”

Vegeta relaxed slightly. They were close to the hotel, and he had no reason to think he wouldn’t be able to pee there. They’d arrive, and he’d be able to take care of himself easily, with no one else needing to know about it.

“Hold it in, Goku,” Bulma sighed. “You can do it.”

“H—How much longer?” Kakarot asked, and Vegeta heard him squirming a little faster.

“Thirty minutes,” Bulma said. “Alright? It won’t be that bad, I promise.”

“Th—Thirty minutes,” Kakarot repeated. “Okay, okay… I think I can do thirty minutes.”

Vegeta calmed down a bit more. HE could DEFINITELY do thirty minutes. He shifted a little in his seat when he remembered he and Kakarot were going to be sharing a room— Of course, he would have to let Kakarot go first. The idiot was about to piss his pants, after all. And, if Vegeta asked to take the first turn, that would be an admission that he was desperate— Such admissions were not permitted, and he WASN’T desperate!

Not really, anyway. He couldn’t stop thinking about how good it would feel to release his bladder, and his thighs were pressed a bit tightly together… And, yeah, maybe his legs were starting to shake a little, and he had to keep gripping his knees to keep them from bouncing. But, he was fine. He knew he could hold WAY more than this. He was fine.

Thirty more minutes…

When they finally got to the hotel, Vegeta had sweat on his brow, and he was constantly gripping his knees to force his legs to stay still. He was hyper-aware of Bulma beside him, and in spite of how much energy he was putting towards keeping himself still, he was convinced that he was SOMEHOW being obvious anyway, and that Bulma could easily tell that his bladder was throbbing urgently.

Standing up for the first time in several hours was unpleasant. ‘Pathetic,’ he thought scornfully when his knees tried to buckle. ‘It’s just standing!’ But, his bladder was protesting loudly, and he felt like if he didn’t balance his weight JUST right, he’d end up doubling over and Bulma would know everything.

“Mmmf!” Kakarot whimpered as he got out of the car. He was ALREADY doubling over, pitiful fool that he was… Vegeta felt his eyelid spasm when he saw Kakarot start to spring across the parking lot, over to a tree.

No.

Hell no.

If… If Vegeta had to hold it, then so did Kakarot!

“What are you doing, you moron?!”

Kakarot looked back over his shoulder.

“Goku, no!” Bulma scolded him. “Wait until we’re inside.”

Kakarot anxiously stopped what he was doing and just continued to squirm as they entered the hotel. Vegeta tried to stay as far away from Kakarot as Bulma handled everything to get them checked in. Kakarot was being so… So OBVIOUS. Even if he would shut the HELL up and stop whining to Bulma about how much he had to pee, his constant fidgeting and bouncing would still be enough!

How could Kakarot stand to ACT that way in public? Vegeta felt disgraced and ashamed if he squirmed that blatantly when he was ALONE! Vegeta was feeling himself burn up just watching Kakarot fidget. The embarrassment of being seen NEAR him when he was acting like this was almost as bad as if Vegeta had been the one dancing around like a complete imbecile.

“Why isn’t there a bathroom in the lobby?” Kakarot complained as he paced in place beside Bulma. “That’s not fair.”

Vegeta groaned and tried to act as though he’d never seen Kakarot before in his entire life. Without his notice, his foot had begun to tap with impatience. Yes. Impatience. And nothing else…

He was also becoming aware of something else. His body was coming alive, and he could sense a ton of unfamiliar chi signals here. He knew he ought to have expected that, other people would be staying in this hotel too. But, since he couldn’t STOP sensing that energy, it was a little annoying. Distracting. He hoped the sensation wouldn’t keep him awake tonight.

“Okay,” Bulma said, turning to Kakarot. “This is for yours and Vegeta’s r—“

Kakarot grabbed the key out of her hand, “Vegeta, come on! Hurry!”

Vegeta sighed and started to follow Kakarot, but stopped him when they reached the elevator. “No, Kakarot. We’re taking the stairs.”

Kakarot looked at him as if he were being tortured… Which he kind of was. “What?! No, Vegeta! If you wanna race me up the stairs, I can’t do that right n—“

“That’s not the reason,” Vegeta said. “I just highly doubt your ability to hold still in there. And, if you tap your foot as hard as you’ve BEEN doing it, you’ll break the elevator. And there are few things I want LESS than to be stuck in an elevator with YOU when you’re about to piss yourself.” His bladder pinched and his tip flared, reminding him that being stuck in an elevator would be a miserable time for him for a LOT of reasons. He shifted, very slightly, trying to calm the thrashing inside him.

“Well, if the elevator gets stuck, we can blast our way out,” Kakarot reasoned.

“Bulma will kill us,” Vegeta said. “Just walk up the stairs. I know you’re capable of that.”

Kakarot’s eyes were watering, “But, I might… You know…” Kakarot was actually blushing… That was… Weird to see.

“You won’t,” Vegeta groaned. “Now, come on.”

Kakarot whimpered and complained the whole way up the stairs. His teeth were gritting, he was dragging his feet, and pausing every couple steps to jiggle around and take some stabilizing breaths. Vegeta actually… Slowed his pace a little. Not out of ‘concern’ or any asinine feeling like that, but merely because… Well, it would reflect poorly on ALL Saiyans if Kakarot pissed himself in public. That was all.

They got to their room. Kakarot’s hands were shaking so badly that he couldn’t unlock the door. He dropped the key a few times, and Vegeta had to try very hard not to let out a laugh that would have surely sent his own bladder into spasms. But, once Kakarot started to position his hands as if he were about to BLAST the door open, Vegeta had to step in.

“Let ME do it, incompetent clown…” Vegeta grumbled, unlocking the door for him.

“Thank you!” Kakarot exclaimed, rushing in.

Vegeta stepped in after him, and there were problems.

First, the idiot hadn’t bothered shutting the door to the restroom, so Vegeta had to quickly turn away to avoid having to watch him piss. Second, Kakarot was being so damned loud. His stream was gushing out with an ear-splitting hiss, and the fool was moaning his head off, too. Vegeta’s bladder gave a cramping lurch at the noises, and without meaning to, he started to bounce on his toes.

He stepped further into the room in an attempt to escape that obnoxious sound, and was met with another, even worse problem.

One bed.

WHAT?! Bulma had ASSURED him that they would at least have separate beds! He was going to have to convince Kakarot to sleep on the floor again.

And he could STILL hear the idiot pissing! Why did he have to gasp and pant and sigh so much?! Vegeta kicked off his boots and laid down on the bed, he turned on his side and covered his ears because… Because that sound was just so ANNOYING. That was it! And… And his thighs were just tensing up because he was THAT annoyed, yeah! His legs were only trying to cross because of how much Kakarot was irritating him.

Kakarot finished after a few more seconds. Vegeta rolled his eyes when the fool exited the restroom without washing his hands off— Another reason to make Kakarot stay on the floor tonight, he had atrocious hygiene.

“Oh, man…” Kakarot said. “That’s a lot better.”

Vegeta sat up, thought his legs looked a little TOO close together, and forced them to inch outwards until he was sure it didn’t look like he had to pee at all. His spine shuddered when the next spasm went through him. “Fantastic, Kakarot,” he sighed, gesturing to the bed. “We have bigger problems right now.”

Kakarot looked at him for a second, confusion etched on his face. “Oh, I’m sorry, Vegeta!” He said finally.

“Yeah, you’re gonna have to sleep on th—“

“I didn’t realize you had to go, too! I shoulda shut the door to muffle the sound just now, huh?”

Vegeta twitched. How— How could he tell?! How could he ALWAYS tell?! Vegeta looked down at himself, he didn’t think he looked tense… Well, not any tenser than usual, anyway. “I— Kakarot, I’m referring to the BED.”

Kakarot looked at it. “What about it?”

“There’s only one,” Vegeta said.

Kakarot shrugged, “Yeah, but it’s a big bed. We’ll both fit.”

“That isn’t the point.”

“… What IS the point, then?”

“The point is that I don’t WANT to sleep with you.”

“We’ve slept near each other before,” Kakarot said. “What’s the big deal?” He glanced at Vegeta again. “You need to use the restroom…”

Why did he have to say that so loudly?! Or at all?! “Kakarot, shut up about that—“

“Um…” Kakarot trailed off. “Hmm… So, what will work best for you here? I could go back downstairs for a bit, so you’ll have lots of privacy. Oh, and I’ll go to the buffet, so I won’t even be THINKING about what you’re doing in here.”

Vegeta decided that probably WOULD be the easiest way to handle this. Sure, he could pee around Kakarot, but it was still easiest if he was by himself. He was going to be alone, so he wouldn’t NEED Kakarot to keep watch for him, or… Say anything. “Fine,” he said. “Don’t get banned from the buffet.”

“No promises,” Kakarot said. “But, I’ll try.”

That was probably the best Vegeta could ask for.

Once Kakarot had left, Vegeta stepped into the restroom. He locked the door. He was surprised by the state of the toilet, Kakarot’s aim wasn’t AS bad as he’d thought it would be. He readied himself to go, and… Nothing.

He didn’t get too worried, though. It ALWAYS took a couple minutes. He had expected this. What he hadn’t expected was to STILL be feeling all those unfamiliar chis inside the hotel, and for that to make him continually grow tense rather than start to loosen up.

‘Ignore them,’ he ordered himself. ‘They’re in different rooms. No one know that you’re… Trying to void.’ He shut his eyes, tried to block out the chis, reminding himself again and again that he was alone, behind a locked door. That, even if he could SENSE people, they still weren’t close enough to listen to his stream pour out.

He felt a sharp throb right at his opening, and started to press into that since he knew it would bring him the relief he needed if he just pushed hard enough now. But, then he realized he could sort of HEAR people in the other rooms, too. And, the urgent pinch at his tip faded away, leaving nothing but a scorching, disappointing throb harshly careening through his bladder and down his length.

‘Dammit…’ Vegeta thought. ‘Come on, you are ALONE. You can DO this. You’re stronger than this! You’re too powerful to lose to your bladder!’ As he went through a mental list of all the things Kakarot tended to say to him during this moments, it began to dawn on him exactly WHY Bulma had wanted the two of them to share a room.

Bulma had known that this was going to happen.

Bulma had known that he was going to need Kakarot.

That realization tightened his uncooperative holding muscles up more than anything. Bulma had just EXPECTED him to need help; Help with something that he should NEVER need help with! Help with something that he should have been able to manage just FINE on his own!

And the worst part was that she was RIGHT.

The shame that overtook him then was breathtaking. He was becoming so dependent on Kakarot for something so BASIC and necessary! This shouldn’t have been happening. He shouldn’t need Kakarot like this. He should have been fixing it himself.

It was getting late. He was kind of hungry, but he didn’t want to join Kakarot in the buffet when his bladder was still aching so much. He allowed himself to hope Kakarot would just save him something, he was going to dedicate all of this alone time towards ridding himself of this awful pressure.

First, he tried flicking on the sink, he tried listening to IT instead of the faint voices he could hear from the other rooms. His bladder swelled and convulsed, as if the water was battering right up against it, but it failed to release.

Grumbling, he tore off one of his gloves, then turned on the hot tap. Once the water was warm enough, he shoved his palm beneath the faucet. His entire midsection felt like it was on fire, and he felt a dull ache begin to creep up his back, the prelude to the ultimate torture that his bladder could inflict on him. He tried not to think of the pain that was on the horizon if he didn’t get himself emptied soon.

Maybe… Maybe MORE warm water would work. Another idea was forming. He didn’t like it. It was unsanitary, and he’d NEVER consider doing such a thing if he were at home, but here, in a hotel room… That shower had probably had LOTS of disgusting things take place within it.

Ugh, was he seriously considering this? It was so dirty, and utterly desperate! But, Vegeta WAS desperate. His back was starting to hurt, and it was only a matter of time now before that pain increased to the scorching, agonizing acid burns that destroyed his ability to think and function. He NEEDED to get this pressure out.

He went to get his pajamas, then removed his clothing. Once everything was off, he could see the gnarled bump of his full bladder. He gazed at it warily, moving his hands further away from his abdomen as he imagined what it would feel like to accidentally brush his knuckles against that. He was USED to his bladder swelling, it was a normal thing to see, but it always made him wince to be able to stare at the source of his agony.

He turned the shower on, struggling to figure out how to get it to the right temperature, then stood beneath the spray. The hiss from the shower-head sounded a LOT like what Vegeta so desperately needed to do. It made him fidget a bit, rubbing his knees together anxiously and tensing his thighs. When he caught his hand moving to grasp hold of his dick, he stopped himself. The goal was to release everything right here, that was not going to happen if he squirmed and clutched at himself like he was trying to hold it back.

The warm water striking him felt nice. It soothed some of the tension in his shoulders, and he hoped it would do the same for other places. He shut his eyes and did his best to focus just on the sound of running water, the feeling of it warmly gliding down his back. He pleaded for it to lull his body into a state in which it could let go. ‘Come on… Come on…’

‘Are you kidding me, you pitiful, disgraceful little monkey?!’

Wh—What?! What the Hell?! He recognized Frieza’s voice, the disgust and scorn in it, but had trouble placing the exact time he’d heard this statement being snapped at him. He knew it had to be a memory, it sounded too real to just be something he was making up.

He didn’t know WHY he was being hit by a memory of Frieza scolding him now, when all he wanted to do was relieve his overflowing bladder in the privacy of the shower, but—

Something was coming back. He was six, maybe seven. His planet was gone. He was on Frieza’s ship and he had to GO. But, he didn’t dare ask Frieza for permission to do so. He couldn’t! Raditz was there too. Vegeta had to appear strong and infallible in front of the other remaining Saiyans. He was not allowed to show that he had any needs.

But, he needed to go so bad. It was hurting. Frieza was yelling, at him and at Raditz. Frieza was mad because they’d gotten so filthy during their last mission, and then they’d gotten mud inside the ship. Frieza was shouting that they needed to get washed, and sent them to the showers. Frieza stayed to monitor them, even though Vegeta really didn’t want Frieza to watch.

Vegeta kept his back to Frieza the whole time and tried to wash himself off as fast as possible. He was so uncomfortable. Knowing Frieza could see him made him feel gross. He was used to showering with Raditz and he didn’t mind doing it. He minded Frieza being there. The running water from the shower-heads was making him need to go even more. He kept looking at the drain and wondering if he could let himself pee here. If it would mix with the other water so no one even noticed.

Suddenly, Frieza growled “Are you kidding me, you pitiful, disgraceful little monkey?!” And Vegeta looked down in a panic, worried that he’d started to go without meaning to, but he hadn’t.

“How dare you do THAT in my showers?” Frieza snapped. Vegeta heard him stomping forwards, but he was going over to Raditz. “That is DISGUSTING, you learn to hold your water, you filthy brat!” Then, Vegeta could hear Raditz crying as he was beaten. Vegeta hurried to finish washing the last of the soap off, then frantically put his clothes on before bolting from the bathing room. Like a coward. A coward that couldn’t protect one of the only other survivors from his planet.

Now, Vegeta shook his head, trying to rid himself of that memory. Recalling ANYTHING about Frieza right now would not help him reach his goal. Recalling a time when he was so weak that he couldn’t even TRY to defend his fellow Saiyans was not going to help him. Recalling the sound of Raditz being beaten for peeing in a shower was not going to help him.

Vegeta tried for a few more minutes to both release his bladder and erase that memory from his mind. He wished that he could understand why things from so long ago still hurt him— Why they sometimes seemed to hurt him worse NOW than they had in the moment. It made no sense, and it made him feel pathetic. Like, even though Frieza was dead, Vegeta STILL didn’t have the strength to defeat him. He was losing a battle against a corpse and, since his bladder still REFUSED to empty, he was once again losing a battle against himself.

Vegeta gave up eventually, got out of the shower, put on his clothes and just forced himself to climb into bed. He was overwhelmed by how badly he had to urinate now. His bladder was SEARING, and no matter which way he turned, the pressure was severe. If he laid on his back, he felt his skin stretch over that angry, urgent bump of need. If he laid on his sides, he felt the liquid inside of him sloshing and battering against his bladder’s over-stretched walls. If he laid on his stomach, all of his weight pushed down on his lower abdomen and he was in so much pain that tears formed in the corners of his eyes.

Since his solitude hadn’t granted him the relief he wanted, he decided to at least take advantage of it in order to squirm. He flailed around in the bed, crossing his legs like crazy and clutching at his crotch for dear life. All the contorting and twisting helped ease the pressure a little, but it was nothing compared to what he actually needed.

Kakarot returned eventually, and Vegeta quickly covered himself up with the bedsheets since holding still was an impossibility. “The buffet was really good,” he informed with a smile. “I brought you some food, in case you’re hungry.”

Vegeta had to pee so bad that he felt nauseas. He couldn’t eat a thing right now.

Kakarot looked at him. “Feeling sleepy, huh?” He said. “Yeah, I’m tired too… Are you gonna make me sleep on the floor like last time?”

Vegeta was too uncomfortable to argue. “No. Just… Stay on YOUR side of the bed, alright? Don’t touch me, don’t get too close.”

“Okay, sure,” Kakarot said, heading towards the restroom.

‘Kakarot, I couldn’t go!’ The words were right on the tip of Vegeta’s tongue, but that was where they stayed. He just couldn’t get them any further. The shame held them back. Moments later, Kakarot was in the shower, and Vegeta was holding his pillow over his ears to block out the awful sound.

Vegeta tried to fall asleep. He’d gone to sleep with his bladder already full plenty of times before, but it had been quite a while since he’d last needed to do that. At home, he could ALWAYS go before bed. Ohhh, he wanted to be at home. If he was at home, he would have peed ages ago. He wouldn’t have remembered anything about Frieza. He’d be comfortable, not about to explode, not coated in shame and embarrassment.

The shower switched off, and Kakarot got into bed. He was staying on his own side, just like Vegeta wanted, but now he wished Kakarot would get a little closer, close enough to notice how uncomfortable Vegeta was without Vegeta needing to say or do anything.

“G’night,” Kakarot said.

“Stay on your side,” Vegeta responded.

Somehow, Vegeta eventually managed to fall asleep.

***

Vegeta woke up on a cot, inside a cell, somewhere in the lower decks of Frieza’s ship.

“What… the… Hell…” he mumbled as he sat up. His bladder gave a painful nudge, telling him that he had to empty it right away. His back ached as well, punctuating the urgency of his need. He ignored that for the moment. “Why am I—“ He stopped, concentrated.

He couldn’t sense Frieza, the Ginyus, Zarbon or anyone else who would be aboard this ship.

He DID, however, sense Kakarot.

Okay. This was a dream, then.

This was not the kind of place he wanted to visit in a dream, though. He’d been locked inside cells like this one plenty of times, especially towards the end of his stint with Frieza when he’d just gotten so fed up with everything that he’d started talking back even more than usual. The cells were miserable places. The only thing inside was the cot and a toilet— A toilet which Vegeta always refused to use until all the lights had been shut off in the ship for the night.

In the early days, Frieza’s prisoners were usually able to get OUT of the cells pretty easily. Vegeta had been strong enough to bend metal bars since the age of two. But, that had just required Frieza to get creative, in lieu of bars, the cells were now equipped with a force-field, and prisoners were outfitted with special collars of Frieza’s own creation— Collars which blocked the wearer from their own chi.

Whenever Vegeta was placed in a cell, he was completely powerless in every sense of the word. With Vegeta’s chi control removed, his ability to even ATTEMPT fighting back or defending himself taken away, Frieza would enter his cell and… ‘Torture’ was the only word to describe what he inflicted onto Vegeta then.

What came afterwards, when Frieza was finally finished with him, was always confusing. Once Frieza had stopped hurting Vegeta, once he’d stopped berating him, clawing him, tearing him up and unleashing Hell upon him in the form of relentless chi blasts, Frieza would begin to act very strangely.

With Vegeta laying there, his power stolen, his body in agony, Frieza would start to smile. And not his usual, scornful smirk, either. The smile always looked genuine. He would stroke Vegeta’s hair gently and tell him how proud he was that he’d managed to endure all of that pain so well. “You know I don’t ENJOY needing to punish you, Prince…” Frieza always said. “You are the best fighter in my entire army— You’re my favorite, remember that. My favorite… Please don’t make me have to bring you in here again. This hurts me more than it hurts you.”

And Vegeta would be confused, but praise from Frieza was so rare, and he would be in so much pain, so desperate for anything that would make him feel less worthless and broken… He’d allow Frieza to continue petting his hair and praising him. It felt good, and that was what hurt most of all.

Sometimes, when Frieza released Vegeta from the cell, he’d present him with some kind of gift. A new style of armor no one else had access to yet, a type of food he really enjoyed, a chance to lead during an upcoming mission… And it would still be confusing, but Vegeta couldn’t turn any of it down— Especially not food.

Vegeta didn’t like to remember this cell. Why had his brain decided to take him to it in his dreams?

The things that happened in here were sick beyond all measure. Pain, agony, Frieza’s claws all over him. Vegeta had nearly died in this place more times than he could count. It was one of the few places he’d ever shed tears.

Vegeta couldn’t even remember everything that was done to him in here. Some incidents came to him with perfect clarity, others were foggy and blurred. Others still were just… Not there; He could recall specific things he had been placed in the cell for, could remember Frieza arriving, but then it was like he skipped ahead in time to the moment he was finally let out, only aware that SOMETHING had happened because he could still remember how much pain he’d been in.

The first time he’d been here, he thought he had been six. He’d mouthed off to Frieza one too many times, demanding that he be given more challenging planets to conquer, insisting he didn’t need help from low-level scum like Raditz or a glorified babysitter like Nappa. He boasted that he could handle missions all by himself. When Frieza scoffed and sneered in response, Vegeta snapped that one day he was going to be stronger than Frieza and all his top soldiers combined.

So, Frieza had put him in the cell.

Frieza had returned around one hour later and hissed “It’s time you learn your place, you wretched monkey runt… You are nothing. I am your owner. And you shall remain my property until I see fit to dispose of you.”

Vegeta had never been able to remember what exactly happened after that. Just that every part of his body was utterly useless afterwards, all of it only capable of sending him endless volts of pain. There was not one piece of him that didn’t feel broken and shattered, not one area that wasn’t flooded with torment.

He remembered that, along with the feeling of Frieza’s claws combing his hair, petting it like he would an animal as Vegeta laid blearily on his lap. “You did it, Prince Vegeta… You made it through. I’m so proud of you, you took your punishment so well. So tough for such a little warrior. I know, that was so awful, wasn’t it? I wish I hadn’t needed to do that. If you can be a good, obedient Saiyan for me, it won’t have to happen again… I don’t like seeing you suffer so much."

Now, Vegeta’s heart-rate was skyrocketing just from being back here again, his awareness that it was only a dream did absolutely nothing to soothe him.

‘You’re sleeping, you’re sleeping, you’re sleeping,’ Vegeta reminded himself. ‘You can sense Kakarot. You know you’re not really here.’ But, everything looked real. It looked exactly how he remembered it. Even the blood stains on the cot were the same.

His bladder pulsed again. He wanted to wake up and go empty it. He wanted to wake up and… And just not be HERE anymore. He tried to summon his chi and allow it to build inside of himself, which usually caused him to wake up. Not this time, though. He couldn’t feel his own chi, as if the collar was actually working. As if all of this was real.

‘Kakarot is near you!’ Vegeta thought desperately. ‘And Kakarot was never HERE, that means it’s not real.’ He pinched his thigh, he needed to wake up. He couldn’t be here anymore. His urge to pee was worsening, but that paled in comparison to how badly he just did NOT want to be in this room. ‘Wake up, wake up!’

He didn’t wake up.

Vegeta tried to focus really, REALLY hard on his need for the restroom, hoping that IT would prompt his body into wakefulness. He zeroed in on the discomfort straining inside his lower abdomen, the constant thrumming buzz of his building desperation. He even tried to ‘exaggerate’ how bad it was, telling himself that he was about to burst and couldn’t hold it another second, in a vain attempt to get himself to open his eyes. ‘Wake up! Wake up, or you’ll wet the bed!’

If his bladder didn’t wake him up, then what would? His pulse was already racing with fear as he had a bad feeling he knew what this dream was about to force him to relive.

Frieza appeared on the other side of the forcefield. He punched in a code and entered the cell. “Well, Prince Vegeta, how have you been enjoying your confinement?”

Vegeta said nothing and pleaded with himself to wake up. He didn’t bother trying to take ‘control’ of this dream and blast Frieza to death, he already knew that it wouldn’t work. He didn’t have any control here, he was going to be put through everything again. It was going to happen again.

“Answer me, monkey!” Frieza snapped when Vegeta stayed quiet for too long.

“I—It’s… Fine…” Vegeta said. He couldn’t remember what he’d said to Frieza in real-life when he’d been in here. All he could remember was how loud he had screamed, how his vocal cords had fried, how his ears had rung, how his shrieks of pain had made his body hurt even worse but he’d been completely incapable of holding them in.

“Just fine?” Frieza asked, putting a hand to his chest in mock-offense. “You insult me, Prince. I went to all this trouble making these lovely accommodations just for you, I even got you that nice collar.”

Vegeta felt the collar, it was choking him. It felt so real.

‘Kakarot…’ Vegeta told himself. ‘Focus on Kakarot. He’s right there.’ He hated himself for all the reminders, for the way that Kakarot’s presence was the only thing making him feel okay as he was overcome with terror from a stupid nightmare.

“Oh, Vegeta, is that making it hard for you to breathe?” Frieza’s tail flicked. “How about I help you with that?”

Before Vegeta could react, Frieza’s tail had lashed out and wound itself around his throat. “Gih—Guh—!”

’This is a dream,’ Vegeta thought again and again and again. But, all the reassurances in the world couldn’t make the pain fade. He could feel himself losing oxygen, could feel the bones in his neck starting to break as Frieza’s tail squeezed against them. Frieza kept tightening the grip until those bones were just about to snap apart, and then he eased up. He just wouldn’t stop…

“I am not going to make this fast for you,” Frieza warned. “I’ve had enough of your defying me. You will pay the price.”

Vegeta’s need to pee was getting worse, too. He tried to focus on that pain, because he knew IT was real. He knew IT posed a real danger. The sensations of Frieza trying to break his neck were all fake, he wasn’t ACTUALLY about to suffocate. But, the pressure in his bladder DID exist, and if he didn’t keep control over it, he’d burst and pee the bed— Which would be beyond terrible since he could still sense Kakarot near him.

‘Kakarot… Kakarot…’ Vegeta chanted to himself in his mind. ‘He’s there. You’re okay. This is fake.’

Frieza’s tail finally released Vegeta’s neck, and Vegeta crumpled onto the floor. His bladder seared more, pain flaring in his tip and he gripped his hands against the ground to avoid holding himself. He didn’t know why he was bothering, why the idea of holding himself in front of Frieza was still so shameful when he knew this was all imaginary.

“Now,” Frieza said. “Are you ready to be polite?”

Vegeta nodded. The room was spinning and he felt light-headed. He hoped against hope that that was a sign he was starting to wake up, but no such luck.

“There’s a good monkey…” Frieza smirked. “Now, let’s see YOUR tail, shall we?”

Frieza grabbed Vegeta’s tail and, preposterously, Vegeta felt the pressure. This made even less sense than the choking had! He didn’t even HAVE a tail anymore in the real-world! How could he still feel—

Vegeta screamed at the top of his voice when, a moment later, he felt something sharp dig itself against the tip of his tail, felt it penetrate through the skin, through the muscle and sinew, felt it scrape against the bone. His eyes rolled back in his head as one of the worst pains he’d ever felt drove him to the brink of insanity. ‘Not real, not real!’ He kept shouting at himself. ‘Why the Hell do I still FEEL it?!”

Frieza shoved him forwards, releasing his tail. Vegeta turned back around just in time to see Frieza lick the blood he’d drawn out of his tail off of his extremely long, pointy finger nail. “Well, that was amusing! I could cause you THAT much pain just with one nail? You really ARE pathetic, you know that, monkey?”

Vegeta’s eyes were tearing up, and his legs were shaking. His tail hung limply, still bleeding. ‘Not real! Focus on what’s real!’ That was, perhaps, a bad decision, because when he again concentrated on his bladder, the one thing he knew was ACTUALLY causing him distress, the pins and needles inside of it caught fire, and the pressure at the base of his cock flared to life. “Ah—“ He crossed his legs, unsure of if his body was REALLY squirming in the waking world or not. He didn’t think so, because the action didn’t ease the pain in his bladder at all, nor did the jiggling and foot tapping that followed.

Frieza grinned wider at him, “Oh, does the little Prince need to go pee?”

‘Dream!’ Vegeta screamed inside his mind. ‘Just— Just—‘ “Shut up!” He barked at Frieza, and his blood ran cold.

“Did you just tell me to shut up?” Frieza asked.

Vegeta didn’t respond, he just kept shaking, and he wasn’t sure if it was fear or desperation that was responsible. He HOPED it was just desperation, still mentally scolding himself for getting so damned scared when he KNEW none of this was actually happening.

“Nnnh…” Vegeta tangled his legs up even tighter. ‘Come on, wake up! You have to use the bathroom!’ His bladder screeched and its walls strained, trying to pump something out. Nothing happened, of course. Not with Frieza WATCHING him.

‘He’s NOT watching you!’

“Ohhh, poor little monkey,” Frieza said. “He needs to go so, SO bad, doesn’t he?” He reached out a hand and cupped it over Vegeta’s bladder, which was swollen and tender to the touch. “Look at this, you’re starting to look a little round at the edges now…” Frieza gave Vegeta’s bladder a squeeze, as if it were a ripe orange.

The pain of THAT felt even more real than any of the other imagined torments his dream had subjected him to. Immediately, an explosion of agony rippled through his bladder, referring up around his rib cage and crashing down against his opening. Tears started to fall and he moaned as heat built up in his length, and for a second he thought he was going to leak, but the feeling disappeared back into the throbbing, awful, urgent pulsing of his bladder yet again.

“This is quite amusing, Vegeta…” Frieza said. “I may not even have to use any of my powers on you today. I can punish you fine with just my bare hands.” He mashed his hand against Vegeta’s bladder twice more, each time eliciting grunts and groans of displeasure as Vegeta’s body fought a war with itself. Then, Frieza shoved him to the floor. Vegeta quickly rolled onto his side, curling over on himself in an effort to shield his bladder from the onslaught, but Frieza forced him back around. “LOOK at me when I’m punishing you, Vegeta! I didn’t tell you you could turn away!”

“I—“

“This calls for more discipline!” Frieza declared, lifting a leg and stomping down on Vegeta’s lower stomach, pressing his full weight atop Vegeta’s bladder. Vegeta’s body reacted with a surge of screaming agony, his aching sphincters lit ablaze against the grotesque pressure. His back flared and nausea burned a line up his throat. ‘Ahhh… Stop, Frieza!’ Vegeta thought. ‘Please, please! Just stop! I’m gonna be sick! I’m gonna— Not real, not real, not real!’

He was able to feel Kakarot’s chi more clearly now, and that— That was GOOD. He could sense Kakarot, which made him constantly aware that this was just a dream. He could sense Kakarot, so the real Frieza was dead. He could sense Kakarot, so none of this was happening. None of the pain was real, none of the shame, none of the humiliation.

“BEG me,” Frieza commanded. “BEG me, and perhaps I will be merciful!”

“Never!” Vegeta shouted. “Not even in a dream!”

“Then I’m going to have to make you explode…” Frieza said, stomping once more on Vegeta’s bladder, causing the pain in Vegeta’s back to ignite with a new fury. “BEG ME!” Frieza ordered. “Beg me to let you piss, beg me like the pathetic creature you are!”

“NO!”

More stomping, more pain.

‘Not real, not real, not real—‘

“Pl—Please!” Vegeta cried out, and it was like the nightmare had taken complete control over him, too, forcing him to act in a way he never would, forcing him to endure the pitiful sound of his own voice, of the words he couldn’t hold back. “Please! Please, just let me relieve myself! Please, I’m begging you!”

He couldn’t make the words stop coming, and his horror increased as more of them spilled forth. This was even more terrifying than any of the OTHER things his nightmare had been subjecting him to. At least, with the memories of physical torture, there had been a tiny part of him that could be proud for his ability to endure… There was nothing to take pride in here.

“Please, please! I have to— I need to relieve myself! Please, let me go!”

“Beg MORE,” Frieza barked.

“Please, I’ll do anything!” Vegeta could do nothing to keep himself quiet, his dream-self wouldn’t obey him, his dream-self wanted him to be humiliated and ashamed. “Please! I need to go! It hurts!”

Something shifted and Vegeta could feel Kakarot more strongly than ever, that was good! He wanted to keep feeling Kakarot! He needed Kakarot!

***

Goku woke up, and all his grogginess faded in an instant when he registered how badly he needed to pee. His bladder was exploding, and it felt like it was caught in some kinda—

Hang on, what?!

Even after all of those ‘STAY ON YOUR SIDE OF THE BED!’ demands, Vegeta was pressed RIGHT up against Goku. More than that, he had his arms wrapped around Goku’s waist as tightly as he did sometimes when they fought! His legs were coiled around Goku’s as well. Vegeta was literally CLINGING to him, like he’d die if he let go, like he couldn’t get close enough to him.

And, that would have been fine normally! Goku liked being hugged when he was sleepy. And Vegeta was giving him a really tight, cozy hug right now.

There were just a few problems with that. First, Vegeta was the least snuggly person in the universe, so Goku was really confused by this turn of events. It was pretty warm in the room, so he doubted Vegeta was just seeking extra heat. If Vegeta woke up and discovered himself in this position, Goku knew he was going to be yelled at— It wouldn’t matter that Vegeta had been the one doing all the cuddling, he’d come up with some reasoning for why it was Goku’s fault.

Second, Goku needed to use the bathroom SO bad! And, Vegeta was, indeed, latched onto him with the same amount of force he employed during battles. Whenever he gripped him this way in a fight, Vegeta always managed to get quite a few decent hits in before Goku broke free. And, in order to actually GET free, Goku would have to power up and basically LAUNCH Vegeta off of himself.

Vegeta would not be pleased to be woken up that way. And Goku would be in a lot of trouble if he destroyed one of the walls here by slamming Vegeta through it.

But, just wriggling out of Vegeta’s grasp didn’t tend to work. Vegeta reacted too fast, adjusting his hold in whatever way was necessary to keep Goku in place.

Maybe he wouldn’t be able to do that in his sleep, though.

Goku tried to squirm free, hoping that since Vegeta wasn’t alert, he wouldn’t respond to anything Goku did.

Nope. Just as Goku started to ease his way out of Vegeta’s grasp, Vegeta tugged him back, hanging on even tighter. What’s worse, he’d changed the position of his arms slightly— Just enough so that he was now squeezing Goku’s bladder far worse than he had been before.

“Ah—Nnnh…” Goku gritted his teeth, squirming his legs and turning around as much as he was able to. If he couldn’t get Vegeta to let go, he at least wanted those strong arms away from his bladder!

He managed to get into a position that didn’t hurt AS much, but the waters inside of him refused to calm down. He had to pee, and he had to do it NOW. He thought that if he just got Vegeta’s legs untangled from his own, he’d be able to stand up and walk with Vegeta still clinging to him like this. His bladder would make that difficult, but not impossible.

He tried shoving Vegeta’s legs aside, but that only prompted Vegeta to wrap their limbs tighter together. Everything Goku did only made Vegeta hold onto him even more firmly!

“Vegetaaaa,” Goku whined. “Let go!”

Vegeta nuzzled his face into Goku’s side, but other than that he didn’t move.

This was so weird! Was Vegeta’s sleeping brain mistaking Goku for Bulma? Goku had a hard time picturing Vegeta even snuggling Bulma like this!

“Vegeta,” Goku said once more. “I promise I won’t tell anybody that you hugged me all night, but ONLY if you let me get up right now!” He wasn’t planning on telling anyone about Vegeta’s strange clinging anyway, but he needed to get through to him somehow.

What had gotten into him? WAS he too cold in here? Goku reached and tried to pull the blanket up around Vegeta a bit more to see if that did anything, but again Vegeta pulled Goku closer and now his fingers were kneading into his bladder!

“Ouch!” Goku exclaimed as a bright hot bolt of urgency shot down his length. He felt a scorching pressure at his opening, which was immediately followed by a short dribble of pee. “Vegeta, stop it! You’re gonna make me pee the bed!” He paused then, hoping the threat would reach Vegeta’s consciousness somehow, added “I’ll pee the bed, and it’ll get on BOTH of us, so it’ll look like YOU did it too!”

Vegeta remained glued to him.

“Hnnng, come ON,” Goku cried, wondering how his loud voice alone hadn’t been enough to wake Vegeta up. What the Hell was he dreaming about? Goku didn’t think he was dreaming of a fight— If he was, he would have been flailing, instead of refusing to BUDGE. When Vegeta turned his head slightly, Goku was able to see his expression.

His brows were furrowed like they did whenever he was angry. He was sweating, clammy, and a moment later he made a strange, distressed noise, and he shook against Goku.

“… Are you having a nightmare?” Goku asked, softer now. “Is that it? Is… Is hugging me making you feel safe?” It was a strange thing to consider, Vegeta being frightened to the point that he was clinging to Goku for comfort. But, Goku didn’t think the idea was too far-fetched, either.

Goku remembered the time he and Vegeta had been trapped inside of Buu’s body. They’d encountered a group of worms, and Vegeta had been REALLY freaked out. So much so that he’d stayed behind Goku, using his rival as some kind of ‘shield’ between himself and the worms. He’d even held onto Goku’s shoulders a couple of times, so tightly that they'd ached.

And Goku had just LET him do all that. He hadn’t given Vegeta a hard time about it, either. Instead he’d just carried on as if it wasn’t even happening, giving NO acknowledgement to Vegeta’s fear. If letting Vegeta hide behind him and cling onto him made him feel better, then Goku didn’t mind. He’d understood that was what Vegeta needed. He’d understood that, if Vegeta was ALLOWING himself to behave in such a way, he must have been extremely scared, and denying him comfort, or teasing him for it even a little, would have been cruel.

Vegeta seemed to be having an atrocious nightmare, he was scared and he needed comfort. And… If clinging to Goku GAVE him that comfort, then Goku supposed he could let it happen. Even if he did really, REALLY need to pee…

“It’s okay, Vegeta,” Goku said, trying to ignore the sharp, brutal throbs in his bladder. “I… Mmmf… I can hold it a little longer.” Still, he made one more attempt to wake Vegeta up, giving him a gentle nudge. “You’re just having a bad dream, open your eyes and it’ll be over.”

Vegeta’s nightmare was too strong, though. He didn’t wake up, and Goku felt bad. He didn’t know what Vegeta’s brain was choosing to torment him with tonight, but if it was making Vegeta THIS scared, it must have been awful.

Goku kept watching him for a few seconds. Then, anxiously, he put a hand onto Vegeta’s shoulder and rubbed it. Vegeta would KILL him if he saw that, but it just felt like the right thing to do now. As did his next words, “Whatever’s scaring you, I’m sure you’re strong enough to beat it.” He squirmed as much as he could with Vegeta wrapped around him. His lower stomach actually hurt from how desperately he had to pee. He was even feeling a little nauseated by the continued pressure. But, he thought Vegeta needed him right now more than HE needed a bathroom.

He smoothed his hand down Vegeta’s side, again all-too-aware of how furious his friend would be for such an action. “It’s alright, Vegeta. It’s just a dream,” he said. He tensed his thighs up against another awful jolt from within. He wasn’t fast enough, and a quick jet of liquid hissed between his legs. “It’s… Mmmf…” Goku winced, feeling sweat pouring down his face. “It’s gonna be okay. Everybody has nightmares sometimes. You can defeat this one.”

Vegeta’s eyes finally opened and, when they did, they blew wide. Goku expected him to start shouting at him. ‘WHY ARE YOU TOUCHING ME, KAKAROT?! WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT STAYING ON YOUR SIDE OF THE BED?!’ He expected Vegeta to pull away from him as if he were the most disgusting thing in the universe. He expected Vegeta to threaten him to NEVER speak of this accidental snuggling again.

But, none of that happened.

What happened instead utterly confused Goku. Vegeta released him, and shook like he was in an earthquake. His arms spasmed uncontrollably as he wrapped them around himself, his chest was heaving, and a strange noise came out of his mouth. He was breathing, but it sounded all wrong. Rapid-fire inhales and exhales, and it was like he still wasn’t getting enough air into his lungs, because his breathing speed continued to increase, becoming more and more desperate.

His chi was going totally ballistic, too. Rising and falling in rapid waves, flaring out of control.

Goku was usually so GOOD at reading body-language, especially Vegeta’s. He was good at predicting what a person would do next based on how they were moving now. But this time he just didn’t understand, he had no idea what Vegeta was doing, or what he was going to do. He knew Vegeta was really scared, however this seemed like something MORE than that.

“Vegeta?!” Goku asked, startled. “What’s happening?! Are you okay?!”

“K—Kakar— Kakar—“ Vegeta struggled, then seemed to just give up, he continued to hug himself, continued to fight for air, and Goku didn’t understand!

Goku tried rubbing his back, because he didn’t know what to do, and he remembered that sometimes Chi-Chi rubbed HIS back when he had to get a shot and it made him feel better. He had no idea what to say. Everything about this was so confusing to him, he thought Vegeta probably needed Bulma right now, but Bulma wasn’t HERE, and Goku wasn’t sure how to fix this— He didn’t even know what was WRONG with Vegeta!

Feeling Vegeta’s chi continuing to spike and flare, Goku concentrated harder and tried to transfer some of his OWN energy into his friend. He tried to put every bit of relaxation and calm into it that he could. This required him to un-focus completely from his bladder and he started to leak slowly, but he ignored that.

He just kept rubbing Vegeta’s back, and when Vegeta’s chi started to calm down and his breathing began to slow, Goku hoped that meant he was doing something right. What was happening? Goku had never done THAT after a nightmare before.

But, Vegeta had sure had a lot of really scary things happen to him before. Maybe that meant his nightmares were scarier than Goku’s? “V— Vegeta…?” He began, hesitant.

Vegeta’s breathing and energy had both stabilized, and now he was just sitting there, his face pale save for splotches of red. His eyes squeezed closed. He still had his arms around himself, his legs were fidgeting.

Goku’s bladder throbbed again, and he felt a trickle escape. He pushed a hand against his crotch to clamp off the flow. It hurt. He just wanted to keep peeing… Vegeta had let go of him, and Vegeta was breathing properly again. Goku could just get up and relieve himself now. But, he STILL didn’t feel right leaving Vegeta alone right now.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta managed to say. “Do NOT tell anyone about… That…”

“I won’t,” Goku promised, adjusting his position slightly so he could look directly into Vegeta’s eyes. His bladder sloshed, protesting even that tiny motion, and he needed to tighten his grip on himself to avoid another spill. “I promise. I mean, I don’t know WHAT just happened, so how would I even tell anybody?”

“…Good,” Vegeta said after a moment.

“What… What was that, though?” Goku asked. “I can tell you were having a nightmare, ‘cause of how you were holding onto me, and—“

Vegeta scowled and turned himself further away. “A nightmare, Kakarot?! Do you think I’m a child?”

“No,” Goku said. “But, everybody has bad dreams, and I started thinking about all the stuff you’ve been through, so I was wondering if you were, like, remembering something bad, and that’s why you were so… Upset?” He made sure to avoid using the word ‘afraid’. Vegeta was already in the process of shutting down and closing Goku out, acknowledging that his friend had been feeling terrified would cause the conversation to end completely.

“It was just a dream,” Vegeta said firmly, shifting around with discomfort. His shoulders shook. “I’m fine.”

“But… What HAPPENED in the dream?”

“That doesn’t matter.”

“Vegeta…” Goku said. Internally, he was scolding himself. Vegeta didn’t WANT to discuss this, and Goku DID want to get out of bed and pee! If he dropped the subject, then they’d BOTH get what they desired— But only ONE of them would get what they actually needed.

Goku needed to pee, but Vegeta needed to talk. If they didn’t do that now, then it would NEVER get done.

“You can tell me,” Goku said. “No matter what it is, I won’t… Tease you, or whatever you’re so worried about. I swear.”

“On Frieza’s ship, there were a few cells. I’d be sent to one whenever I managed to piss off Frieza badly enough. He’d make me wear a collar that prevented me from controlling my chi, so that I had no way to fight back, and then he’d come in and punish me. I was dreaming about that, but it was JUST a dream, so it’s no big deal. Stop worrying about it.”

Goku’s eyes widened. He could only imagine what Frieza did to ‘punish’ someone, especially after he’d completely removed their ability to defend themselves. He didn’t even WANT to picture it. Just the idea of having his strength and powers cut off from him was frightening— But to then have someone as ruthless as Frieza come around and ‘punish’ him, too…

Goku didn’t press Vegeta for details. He understood enough now, Vegeta’s nightmare had been a memory of himself being tortured. His clinging and hyperventilating made perfect sense. “… Do you need Bulma?” He asked. “Do you need to talk t—“

“No,” Vegeta interrupted. “Don’t disturb her rehearsing over this nonsense.”

“I don’t think it’s nonsense,” Goku said. “Sounds like you got hurt super bad…”

Vegeta tensed up again and grit his teeth. “If… If he hadn’t stuck that damned collar on me, I could have—“

“You could have,” Goku agreed. “That’s WHY he made you wear the collar, he didn’t want you to have a chance.”

Vegeta continued to shift around, looking more uncomfortable. Goku frowned, he was trying his best to make him feel better, but he was just getting more fidgety and upset.

“And, yeah, like you said— It was just a dream. Frieza’s dead now, he’ll never do anything like that again to anyo—“

“K—Kakarot!” Vegeta interrupted, squeezing his eyes shut again and shakily getting out of bed. There were tremors running all through his legs, he let go of his chest and let his hands fall down by his sides, clenching them into fists. “You— I— I must… Attend to something else right now!”

“Vegeta,” Goku started to say. Vegeta was trembling so much, clearly still on-edge from his nightmare. “Come on, I wanna help y—“

“I—In a minute!” Vegeta insisted, starting to step away. He was still shaking so ba—

Oh.

Goku felt silly for not realizing this sooner, considering his OWN continued desperation, but now it was plainly obvious. Vegeta’s shudders weren’t from fear anymore— Or at least, not TOTALLY. Vegeta ALSO needed to pee badly.

… Which meant Goku was gonna have to wait out here while Vegeta used the restroom. He was going to have to wait here, and possibly ‘encourage’ Vegeta to let it out as he so often did. He was going to have to wait until Vegeta managed to START peeing, and then for the SEVERAL minutes it always took him to finish. He was going to have to listen to his stream spraying out for ages, and just sit there in the bed and endure it. He was going to have to contain his already bursting bladder while Vegeta did what he was DYING to do.

Goku didn’t think he could hold it through all of that. He’d burst, he’d pee uncontrollably all over himself and the bed. He’d be soaked, Vegeta would come back, see what he’d done, and be equal parts mortified and furious. He was sure Vegeta would be more humiliated by Goku’s accident than he himself was! Vegeta would be beyond embarrassed when he realized that the hiss of his own stream had been the thing to send Goku over the edge.

“H—Hang on, Vegeta!” Goku blurted out. He NEEDED to go first! As much as he didn’t want to prolong Vegeta’s suffering, it was WAY less likely that his friend would wet himself while waiting. Plus, Goku would be finished far, FAR faster than Vegeta. It just made sense for Goku to pee first! “I gotta go, too!”

Vegeta froze, and Goku could tell he was blushing. Goku knew how he was going to react. He felt guilty, but he was COUNTING on it; Vegeta’s pride would INSIST he let Goku pee first, just to prove once again that HIS bladder was superior. In Vegeta’s mind, demanding that he take the first turn would be an admission of defeat, a sign of weakness. Those were unhealthy modes of thinking, things Goku had been trying to get Vegeta PAST, but right now, he NEEDED Vegeta to keep feeling that way.

“Kakarot…” Vegeta said, his voice much softer than usual. “I… Um… H—Haven’t gone at all since we got here…”

What?! But— No! He wasn’t supposed to argue! He wasn’t supposed to— He should have been saying “Of COURSE you do, Kakarot! Your bladder is so tiny! You go first, I wouldn’t want you to piss everywhere and disgrace the legacy of every Saiyan who’s ever lived!”

And… He hadn’t gone at all since they’d gotten there?! “But, I thought you went earlier! When I was—“

“I— Shut up!” Vegeta huffed, turning away again.

Oh, crap… Goku quickly readjusted to this new information, and it was easy to figure out what had happened. Vegeta HADN’T been able to go while he was downstairs. Then, when Goku got back up here, he’d been too embarrassed to admit it, to accept that the reasoning behind their ‘sleeping arrangement’ tonight had been sound, and that he did, in fact, need Goku’s help.

So, he’d gone to bed with his bladder still full, and Goku had been too sleepy to realize it. The passage of time and the fear his nightmare had provoked had most likely worsened his need to a painful degree. So painful that, in a vague way, he was confessing that he didn’t think he could wait for Goku to pee first.

But, Goku couldn’t wait for Vegeta, either! Vegeta always gushed like a broken fire hydrant for five minutes! No way could Goku hold it through that!

An idea popped into Goku’s head, but it wasn’t one Vegeta was gonna like…

“How about we go together?!” Goku asked.

Vegeta went still again, save for the tremors of desperation that he was unable to restrain. “… What,” he asked, voice flat.

“Er… You know, we stand next to each other and we both—“

“Are you kidding me, Kakarot?! Hell no!”

“Come oooon, Vegeta!” Goku whined. He scrambled to his feet, and immediately started to jiggle in place. “I really have to—“

“No, Kakarot! Just be patient!”

“But—“

“No!”

Goku chewed on his lower lip. His forehead was so sweaty. He felt like he’d waited a life-time already, and the additional time it would take for Vegeta to pee would be the death of him! Worst of all, he understood Vegeta’s refusal. He accepted it, he KNEW Vegeta just wasn’t gonna be COMFORTABLE doing this with him. But, still! He NEEDED Vegeta to do this with him! It was the only option left!

“But, but— I’m gonna be out here waiting for you, and you’re gonna KNOW I’m waiting for you, so it’s gonna take you even longer to relax than usual, and it’s gonna be so hard for me to help you!”

Vegeta turned back to stare at Kakarot. The glare in his eyes was one of the sharpest Goku had ever seen from him— And that was saying something. “Thanks, Kakarot! I wasn’t even THINKING about that until YOU brought it up!”

Goku frowned, he wriggled his feet against the floor. “I’m sorry…”

“Fine! You go first!” Vegeta snapped, and the way his knees buckled and rubbed together made it stunningly obvious how much he DIDN’T want to continue waiting.

“But, you’re in pain, you’ve been holding it too long—“

“Then, hurry up and—“

“Let’s— Let’s just do it together,” Goku suggested again. “Or at least try to? ‘Cause, that way, if it gets really bad for you, you’ll be in the right spot?”

Goku basically telling him that it was OKAY if he couldn’t actually make himself pee when they were side by side like that seemed to soften something in Vegeta. “… Fine, but don’t… Don’t LOOK at me at all when we’re in there.”

“You already KNOW that I wouldn’t,” Goku promised, fighting to keep the relieved smile off his face as Vegeta finally agreed. “I’ve never looked before!” He paused. “… Not on purpose, anyway…” he mumbled.

“What was that?!”

“Nothing!”

They entered the restroom together, and Vegeta’s shaking increased as soon as the door was shut. Goku pretended not to notice. He also pretended not to notice when Vegeta anxiously twisted the lock into place.

They stood in front of the toilet, and Goku lowered his pants right away. Vegeta just stayed there with his fists clenching at his sides.

Goku was having to work VERY hard not to just start peeing right then and there. He was supposed to be able to go now! He was at the toilet! “V—Vegeta, I’ve seen your thingy before,” he said, trying to calm his friend down some.

“St—Stop REMINDING me of that as if it somehow makes this any better!” Vegeta’s shaking intensified as his hands hesitantly went for his waistband. “Don’t you DARE look, if you look, you DIE.”

“I told you before I’m not gonna look!” Goku was shaking too now. “C—Come on, Vegeta, you’re ALREADY killing me here!”

Vegeta continued to hesitate, then as a shudder went down his spine, he finally pulled himself out. He was shutting his eyes so tightly that his aim was sure to be absolutely terrible, but that didn’t matter because nothing was coming out of him.

He felt so tense, every muscle he had was tied in a knot. And those knots were tied in knots, too. His ears weren’t picking up on as many sounds or voices this late into the night, but he could still sense so many unfamiliar chis!

But, Kakarot’s was the strongest, the one he could feel the most. Kakarot, who didn’t care that the simple task of pissing took so much effort from him. Kakarot, who had just ALLOWED him to cling to him during the night, and then hadn’t said a word about it. Kakarot, who hadn’t made fun of him when he woke up and forgot how to breathe. Kakarot, who never judged him.

Goku was trying his best to hold it back until Vegeta at least started to let out a dribble, but his body just couldn’t take it anymore. He was at the toilet, he could release… His bladder recognized that it was time to pee, so that was exactly what it did. And it felt GOOD, too. Even better than his relief at the gas station had been. He lost himself in the feeling, sighing with satisfaction before remembering that Vegeta was still having so much troub—

Beside him, Vegeta finally started to pee. He was obviously trying not to make any noise, but Goku could hear a slow, steady exhale from his nose as he was at last able to let something out. Goku hoped that maybe the sound of him peeing had gotten Vegeta’s body to react; That would make sense, he’d noticed Vegeta get awfully tense around running water before.

Goku was then given yet another reminder of exactly how large Vegeta’s bladder was— Not that he could ever forget. Once Goku had finished up one of the most badly needed pees of his life, he waited for Vegeta to finish. He turned away completely to give his friend more privacy, and then he had to just… Stand there for several more minutes.

A few times, Vegeta’s stream would slow and taper off, but then he’d start going full-force again after a moment.

Goku had been seriously about to burst, he’d needed to go so bad that it had been starting to hurt, so to have Vegeta continue to pee for SO long after Goku had gotten everything out… Goku knew that Vegeta just HAD a bigger bladder than him, that was simply the fact of the matter. But this was still concerning and Goku had half a mind to scold Vegeta for not admitting that he’d been having trouble before they’d gone to sleep.

Then again, this was such a precarious, fragile thing and Goku knew he couldn’t let Vegeta think he was judging him for ANYTHING.

Vegeta FINALLY finished and hurriedly fixed his clothing again. “Kakarot…” he breathed out. He sounded winded, utterly exhausted. And it probably had nothing to do with waking up in the middle of the night.

“C—Can I turn around?” Goku asked, just to make sure.

“Fine…” Vegeta said.

When Goku turned, Vegeta was still red in the face, awkwardly shifting as if he still needed to go.

“Phew…” Goku sighed. “I sure feel better now! Right, Vegeta?”

“Mmf…” Vegeta turned away. “Listen… Tonight was… Everything about it, I just—“

“I’m not gonna tell anybody, if that’s what you’re worried about.”

“Good,” Vegeta said. “And, Kakarot?”

“Yeah?”

“Wash your damn hands this time.”

