An annoyingly perfect wet wife

Author: screamer234

*000*2024-01-07 21:01

This is my first time writing any omo and my first ever post!! Feel free to give any feedback :))

This is kinda part of a larger story I'm planning (not all omorashi focused) but I figured fuck it might as well post this bit.

###

Noah watched Charlotte as she flitted about the room… Or rather, flitted wasn’t the right word. That made it sound nervous or unplanned, maybe swanned? No, that sounded too pretentious. Regardless, she moved about the room calm and unhurried, taking time to make each guest feel special, sharing a drink or a laugh. Never a boisterous laugh though. No, merely a little giggle covered by a hand. He paused in his thoughts. No that still wasn’t right, a giggle sounded too juvenile. He didn’t have the right words to describe her, she was too carefully constructed for that.

Barely human he would say, and so, here he was. Observing her, hoping for even the smallest crack in the facade. It would finally offer him some satisfaction, watching her fail. Perhaps that was cruel but, he didn’t mean a monumental failure or a public humiliation… Just something small, she accidentally snubs someone for a handshake or misses a joke or even spills a little of her wine. Just a drop out the side of her lip from underestimating how much was left in the glass. He wills it so hard, looking at her perfect, pretty face and yet the wine goes unspilled.

He leans his head in his hand against the table crossing one leg over the other idly and sighs. It’s a party, he should be enjoying it and yet here he is. Sitting in a corner wishing for impossible feats to happen. He reaches for his drink and runs his eyes over her scrutinising once more. Which is when he catches it. He has to squint to be sure but her smile is looking a little tight. He grins savouring this moment before moving his gaze down slowly. In fact… She looks rather tense overall. Her calves tensed from where they’re visible past the hemline of her skirt, her feet shuffling back and forth a little in her white pumps. It was almost imperceptible but, well, if anyone should notice it would be her husband.

Now, he only had to identify the cause. Noah tilted his head further against his hand and swirled his drink with the other, the ice cubes making a tinny clinking sound in the glass. It wasn’t the company and it certainly wasn’t the music, all of it handpicked by her. Perhaps the wine? She did seem to be drinking much less than earlier, and she truly had been putting it away. Never seeming to get any drunker, no flush, no unsteadiness, no inappropriate timing. He tapped at his glass with his nails, pondering the issue. She winced a little as she took another sip of the wine, this one smaller than the last. She also shifted a little, her skirt swinging around her. He straightened, leaning in a little, it almost looked like she was rubbing her thighs together as if…. No it couldn’t be… Could it? If his hypothesis was correct then she was indeed feeling the effects of all those glasses she tossed back. Alcohol was a rather effective diuretic.

There was only one way to find out right? Test his hypothesis. He swallowed another grin, best not to celebrate too early and tossed back his drink, slamming the glass down on the table as he stood. He navigated the floor easily, greeting those who greeted him, albeit shortly. He didn’t want to lose sight of his target. Did he? Charlotte noticed him approaching and turned her head, not her body, he noted. She offered a pleasant smile, though it was stretched a little thin now. He pushed back his giddy glee at having caught this and plastered an equally pleasant smile over his self satisfied smirk.

“Ah Noah,” She reached out a hand to clasp his in greeting which he greedily accepted, it was sweaty, “I hope you’re enjoying yourself.”

Oh and he certainly was, he smiled indulging, and turned to her conversation partner. He didn’t know them and didn’t care to. “I’m sure you won’t mind if I borrow Charlotte for a moment.” The wording could have and likely should have indicated a question and yet it certainly wasn’t. He didn’t wait for an answer and began to lead her away, a little faster than was polite. She was forced to follow, a step or two behind him, being dragged by their joined hands.

Charlotte didn’t utter a single sound until a soft ‘ah’ left her lips when they neared the edge of the room stopping dead in her tracks. He turned to look at her in confusion. She grinned a little sheepishly and set her wine glass down on a nearby table. “I’m sorry, I can’t quite walk that fast in these shoes.” Lie. He squinted at her, running a gaze over her again, noticing a glimmering trail of liquid on her inner left calf tracing its way to her ankle as she shifted her feet. Just a couple droplets really but he zeroed in on them. The grin he had been previously fighting to hide was suddenly absent.

He stepped in again grabbing her by the wrist tightly and pulling her out of the room, leaving a door banging in their wake. He glanced around making sure this hallway truly was secluded, yes he’d wanted her to slip up but not majorly embarrass herself. Not only would that be needlessly cruel but also reflect badly on him. Why had she not taken action sooner? It was clear now that she truly was desperate. He studied her with a furrowed brow, unintentionally caging her against the wall.

She blinked up at him, smile gradually spreading thinner and thinner. “What was it you needed me for my dear?” Her breathing was becoming heavier and it was exhilarating.

“I rather think you’re the one who needs something… Why wait so long?” He furrowed his brow in confusion.

“W-what do you mean?” She began shifting more noticeably now, evidently nearing the end of what her body could put up with.

He shook his head incredulously. “Why won’t you just go to the bathroom, it’s now painfully obvious that you’re desperate?” A little guilt was beginning to creep in now.

She whimpered and he felt his knees weaken, it was probably the most genuine noise he had ever heard come out of her mouth in their entire marriage and he was going to be replaying it on loop for the rest of it. He swallowed and looked at her squirming, backed against the wall. He swallowed hard and then she spoke… “I don’t think I’ll make it.”

A sharp gasp followed, causing her to shoot her hands between her legs, still mindful enough to not press her skirt into her crotch, instead reaching underneath. The white fabric spilled over either side of her clenched hands. Hiking it up at the front had exposed even more of her legs and he could see the muscles in her thighs tensing and untensing in frantic pulses. Noah swallowed again, noticing a few drops hitting the floor in the dead silence that followed. Though breathy, her voice had now gained an edge of frustration. “You’re just going to stand there and watch me? What kind of sick power play is this?” She spat the words at him disgustedly.

It made him jolt back into his body, fully realising what he was doing. He was watching a full grown woman in acute discomfort and distress and enjoying it. His wife no less. He swallowed again trying to wet his dry mouth, seems all the liquid in the room was somewhere else. This felt a little too cruel, he had to offer some kind of relief, at the very least turning his back. However as he did so he spotted that awful decorative vase they’d received as a wedding gift sitting on a side table and an idea sprung to mind, right as Charlotte sprung another leak. The soft groan she released and the spattering of piss hitting the floor shocked him to action and went straight to his cock in equal measure. He grabbed the vase quickly and turned around “Here.”

“You’re not fucking serious.” She spat at him derisively. Another jolt.

“Do you have any other options?” He raised an eyebrow and she banged her head back against the wall with enough force to make the paintings shake.

He took that as a yes and moved to hand it to her before quickly realising she had both hands full. He felt a prickle of sweat at the base of his neck and excitement somewhere else as he stepped in holding the vase up in between her legs as she writhed desperately against the wall. Upon feeling the vase bump her hands she screwed up her eyes tilting her head to one side. Her face was practically glowing as he heard the first few scattered drops hit the bottom of the vase, amplified by its shape. This was almost immediately followed by a torrent bounding off its insides as she removed her hands from where they were stemming the flow. She may have been blinding herself to this but he was drinking it all in, watching her legs tremble slightly as she steadied herself with one hand on a side table, leaving little droplets in its wake. Every little twitch and gasp he committed to memory.

Her other hand remained, holding her skirt out of the way leaving him with a relatively unobstructed view. His hands began to sweat a little but he resolutely maintained his grip. Her white lace panties did little to stem the flow but had absorbed what little they could taking on a faint yellow tinge. The fabric also caused the stream to not be fully uniform, little droplets rolled down her inner thighs before pattering onto the floor. He would’ve followed that trail with his tongue if he could’ve. Wait what? The thought shocked him a little. Was he… no.

The stream began to trail off, a few droplets hitting the pool now formed in the vase marking its end. Noah looked up, meeting Charlotte’s eyes. She was furious for a split second before that cold mask descended once more, though now much less pleasant. Her jaw was clenched tight as her eyes burned into his rendering him speechless. She stood up straight again and he jumped into action, shakily setting the vase back down on the side table. He froze taking a couple breaths just cupping the sides with his hands as he set it down. It was warm. Noah could hear the sounds of fabric moving, turning around to face her again quickly, ready to protest her exit only to find something else entirely. Charlotte had placed her hand against the little table beside her once more, leaning down with one leg lifted to remove her soaked panties. Noah was speechless once more what was she…?

She looked up as if feeling his eyes upon her. “I can’t exactly go back out there wearing these.”

So she’s just going to go back out there wearing nothing?! He tried to swallow again unsuccessfully as she stepped closer, the soiled lace dangling from one raised fingertip. He felt like his whole body was on fire waiting for her to make a move but… she bypassed him entirely? Instead dropping the panties into the now full vase.

She paused, turning back to him. Charlotte blinked up at him with her perfectly lined eyes but all he could think about was the very imperfect mess she had just caused. Her mouth twisted, her expression souring slightly. The milk hadn’t curdled but you still wouldn’t want it in your coffee.

“Are you into this?” The words echoed in his head. Was he? He.. well he couldn’t be. But the physical evidence was undeniable. She sneered at him and clicked her tongue before he could find his tongue, not that it would have improved the situation. She turned on her heel, fast enough for her skirt to whirl out and brush his legs, and left. The sound of her heels on the hardwood ringing in his skull.

In that whole interaction she hadn’t touched him once or said a single arousing or even genuinely kind word and yet…. He glanced down and groaned. No way could he go back into that room.

