My Commission Thread

Author: secretomoact

*022*2023-06-29 19:13

L was certain that Light was Kira. Even if he didn’t have any concrete evidence of it yet, there had simply been too many coincidences for him to believe otherwise. Observing Light over the past few days still hadn’t gotten him any closer to finding proof, though.

Today, L was trying something new and, perhaps, a bit unorthodox. He had used unusual tactics to solve cases before, but this was probably the strangest thing he’d ever done. He’d gotten the idea a couple days ago, when Light had grown so desperate. It was clear to L that his mental faculties were greatly diminished when under the effects of such extreme strain. And, it was also apparent that Light was unable to deliberately wet himself. He could only escape that strain and pressure by being granted access to the toilet, or by having his bladder completely overflow.

Light’s capacity was obviously very high. The other day, he had urinated for approximately one hundred and seven seconds, which was longer than L had ever managed himself. Since even that hadn’t been enough to prompt a complete accident, that meant Light could restrain himself even further if pushed to do so.

L intended to keep Light in that desperate, disheveled state for as long as was physically possible. While subjected to the torment inside his body, Light would falter and make mistakes when asked difficult questions. Since he was incapable of forcing an accident in order to clear his head, he would have no means of escape. And L would have plenty of time to probe him before his bladder actually failed and emptied on its own.

He hadn’t considered all possibilities, however. And now, he was met with consequences. He was correct in assuming that Light would no longer be able to think clearly once his bladder got full enough, but he’d placed too much faith in the idea that Light would STILL be able to remain coherent and on-topic. Light wasn’t thinking clearly at all, but he had a bit of a one-track-mind and wasn’t actually responding to anything L said.

The other miscalculation L had made was more troubling. Seeing as Light’s bladder was evidently quite large, working him up into this level of neediness took a lot of time. Time during which L had to stay right in front of the screens, never getting up, and consuming coffee and tea to keep himself awake.

And, when L finally noticed that this had left him in a similar situation to the one he’d forced upon his prisoner, the other members of the task force had already left for the night. L couldn’t leave the cameras unmonitored, and there was nothing in his immediate vicinity that he thought would make a good receptacle— The tea cups were too small, and he’d never been able to stop peeing after he’d started. His only option was to hold it until morning when he could have someone take his place for a moment.

But, just as Light’s ability to think critically was hampered by desperation, so too was L’s. It wasn’t as simple to analyze everything that came out of Light’s mouth when most of L’s own thoughts were garbled, panicked repetitions of ‘I have to go.’

Not that Light’s pained shouts of “You have to untie me NOW, L!” required much analyses anyway. There weren’t any hidden, double-meanings in that…

L knew that this plan was a bit of a bust, he just wasn’t ready to admit it to himself yet. They were getting nowhere, and they weren’t GOING to get anywhere. Light barely heard anything L asked him, and only responded with some variation of “I don’t know! Just let me use the toilet!” L could barely think of appropriate questions, and his brain felt so foggy that he assumed that if Light suddenly just said, outright “I am Kira,” it wouldn’t even register to him.

L just didn’t like accepting when ANY of his plans went to pieces. Failure didn’t HAPPEN to him. He still wanted to hold onto some vague hope that this WOULD start to work eventually. If he could just ignore all of the irritating discomforts inside his body, he thought he could get this back on-track.

The need to urinate was such an annoying one. Urination, like sleep, wasted time that was better spent elsewhere. L hated being interrupted when he was working on something, particularly when the interruption was caused by a part of himself. A few times in the past, when met with similar predicaments, he had decided that simply wetting himself was the best course of action. The distraction would be removed, and he wouldn’t have to stop what he was doing. He’d even tried wearing a form of… ‘protection’ once or twice in anticipation of that happening.

However, he’d learned much like Light had, that deliberately having an accident was a very difficult thing to do. Consciously instructing his bladder to release into his clothing was just impossible. Before long, he’d give up on the endeavor, his discomfort too great for him to continue putting up with it, and go to relieve himself correctly.

That wasn’t exactly an option right now. And, since his previous experiments with it had all been failures, he wasn’t wearing any kind of ‘protection’ right now. If he actually DID burst tonight, it would get everywhere.

He shifted around. The way he sat was not very pleasant with a full bladder. Crouching sort of… stimulated the muscles around his bladder, making them even more eager to release. He tried to find a different position that made his midsection ache less, but sitting ‘normally’ was just… It made it a little easier to hold it, but it also felt really uncomfortable, unnatural.

Finally, he just stood up. He was forced to hunch over even more than usual to keep his bladder from feeling too stretched out, but he found that shifting his weight around between his feet was very helpful.

***

Light was, of course, deeply dismayed that L had been refusing his requests, demands and pleas for a bathroom break. But, he wasn’t very shocked. He knew precisely what L’s plan was, and that the detective was attempting to work him up into a panicked, pained state in which his brain would cease to function on the level he needed it to. L’s intentions were very clear.

Really, the only surprising part was that L would resort to such a childish tactic. Particularly when Light could easily cause the plan to fail simply by giving up and having an accident, ensuring that his mind was left free of distraction once more.

But, just as Light had discovered the other day, deliberately wetting his pants was a very difficult thing to do.

Even when he really wanted to.

The aches associated with holding it had crossed the threshold into becoming painful ages ago. He consistently felt as though his lower abdomen was being sliced into, and when he was able to look down at himself from the correct angle, he thought he actually looked a little swollen. He needed to go far, FAR worse than he’d needed it the other day; And he’d thought THAT was as bad as it could possibly get…

So, he’d BEEN trying to just give in and soak himself. Even if L refused to let him wash up and get changed right afterwards, Light would only have to wait until the rest of the task force was around. Father wouldn’t allow L to make him sit in his soiled clothes forever. And, since Light would remain tied up, it would be L’s job to deal with the puddle on the floor.

It would be L’s fault if he wet himself anyway, maybe having to clean the mess would teach him to never do this again.

The thought of L being forced to mop up his piss… It was far from being unpleasant to him. L would have to get on his hands and knees before him, the position he would ALWAYS take if Light changed his mind and decided to allow him to live…

That idea made him want to submit to his body’s demands even more. But, no matter how hard he tried, the instant he decided to STOP holding it, it seemed that was the only thing his body knew HOW to do. He struggled to understand that, he’d spent the last several hours fighting not to piss his pants, and now that he WANTED to do it, it suddenly wouldn’t work.

He was actually going to have to wait until he physically overflowed, and he couldn’t understand how he hadn’t already done that. He felt so full that he swore there was water reaching the back of his throat. There could not POSSIBLY be any more space left inside of him, but somehow the liquid kept finding room, and his burning holding muscles remained taut.

Well, not completely. He’d leaked so many times that he’d lost count, and he knew his crotch was damp. But, all of those dribbling spurts had been so minuscule in comparison to the waves locked inside of him that they hadn’t brought him even the smallest hint of relief.

“You look even worse than you did the other day,” Ryuk said. “How long’s it been, anyway?”

Light didn’t know how long it had been. His watch was currently stuck behind his back along with his hands. It didn’t matter how many hours he’d gone without a piss, though. However long it had been was too long for his searing bladder.

“I do think this is the longest I’ve seen you wait…” Ryuk decided. “If we were at home, I think you would have gotten up at least three times by now. Why do humans have to expel water like that, anyway? And why do you have to go to a specific place to do it?”

Ryuk had stayed perfectly quiet when Light WASN’T squirming around, dying to pee. Light couldn’t tell if Ryuk was just oddly curious about human biology, if he’d realized he’d hit upon a good way to irritate Light, or some combination of both.

“Did it get firm again?” Ryuk wondered.

Oh, no… Please, not this again… It had hurt so bad the last time, and now Light needed to go even worse!

Ryuk reached out a hand. Light was powerless to stop him, with his limbs bound and the cameras there to capture any orders he made. Just like before, Ryuk pushed down on his lower stomach and caused a bright, hot flash of urgency to bolt through him, so agonizing that his vision went haywire for a moment and all he could see was bright white. He flung himself backwards, rolling from side to side on the bed, just trying to find a position that would make it hurt a little less.

The worst part was that Ryuk’s touch hadn’t even been enough to make him finally piss himself. No. All it had managed to do was cause him more awful pain.

“Feels like you’re made of stone,” Ryuk remarked. “Someday, when they make statues of Kira, I might not be able to tell the difference.”

Light gritted his teeth, hissing out a strangled breath. It was taking so much out of him not to just shout at the Shinigami now.

There was someone else that he COULD yell at, however.

“L, hasn’t this gone on long enough?!” Light demanded.

***

L looked Light over. He was flailing about on his bed, pressing himself harshly against the mattress. Light was having a more difficult time than L was, he could acknowledge that. L was ABLE to jump from foot to foot, and he could hold himself if it started to get worse. Light didn’t have those options thanks to the bindings. Plus, he was forced to just lay there beside a toilet that he couldn’t actually u—

Oh, why had L thought about that?!

The toilet was visible on-camera, and now L couldn’t stop looking at it. “H—Hasn’t WHAT gone on long enough, Light?” L asked. “Your denials?”

“I’m not— I’m not denying anyth— I’m not Kira!” Light snapped. “This is sick, L! Are you trying to make me wet myself?! Is that what you want?!”

L HAD intended for this interrogation to continue on for however long it took Light to finally have an accident. But, now he was less certain… When Light lost control, L would both see and hear it happening. He’d have to listen to tons of liquid hissing for a MINIMUM of one hundred and seven seconds. And, if Light moaned like he’d done the other day, then L would probably—

L crossed his legs together, knees rubbing. Oh, this was getting so bad… If he wasn’t so concerned about having a mess to clean up, he didn’t think he’d be fighting this so hard. Instead, he’d be begging his body to just give up and release so that he could focus again. “Wh—What I WANT is for you to tell the truth for once in your life.”

“The ‘truth’ is that I need to use the bathroom, L!” Light shouted back. “How can you think I’m lying about that? You haven’t allowed me to go all day!”

Light was correct. L HADN’T given him a single bathroom break today. He’d ignored every one of his requests for one, and had just continued to watch him grow more and more frantic. And, in all that time, L hadn’t gone either. Neither of them had peed even once today. L knew better than anyone how badly Light must have been needing the toilet.

“I DO trust that you need the restroom, Light,” L informed. “But, that isn’t the point. Why is it that the FBI agent following you just happened to die soon afte—“

“I don’t know!” Light interrupted. “I don’t— Am I supposed to keep watch over every single person I ever meet? I never even talked to him!”

L seized on that. “I was under the impression the two of you spoke on the bus.”

Silence. Light obviously scrambling to come up with a response. “I—It’s hard for me to remember things right now, L.”

“Is that—“ L somehow managed to put his foot down a little too harshly against the floor. It sent a shudder up his leg and directly into his bladder, causing it to tremble and convulse far more violently than it had done at any other point today. It was enough to make him fold in half as he gripped onto himself. “I—Is that s—so, Light?”

Oh shit, his voice had cracked. A lot. And he’d been stammering. Light would notice that. Even in THIS state, Light would notice if L’s usually steady voice went haywire like that.

Of course he did… “L? What was that?”

“What was what?” L responded immediately. He sounded like a moron… He had to get Light to focus again, had to drag this conversation back to the topic at hand.

“Did you hurt yourself, or something?” Light actually sounded worried.

Kira wouldn’t ask THAT, would he? No. If Light was Kira, he’d possess the ability to fake concern for another person. The most dangerous killers could always mimic emotions they saw in others, they could put on an act so they’d appear empathetic. Kira was the most dangerous killer to ever exist, if Light was Kira, he’d have full-mastery over that.

L wouldn’t fall for such things. His base need for a bit of sympathy at the moment was just making him more susceptible to Light’s tricks. “A—As I was saying earlier, the FBI agen—“

“L!” Light moaned, squirming more. “Please, untie me now! Please?!”

And, since the begging had worked last time, Light would naturally assume it would work today.

It wasn’t going to.

He WAS getting very frantic, though…

And so was L… This was a stupid idea, if Light actually fell for it, L would be stunned. And, worse yet, he’d already TRIED something similar once before, making the ploy even more idiotic.

“Do you have to pee, Kira?”

“No— I— I mean— I— I’m not—“

“If you don’t have to go, then there’s no reason to untie you, is there?”

“I DO have to go!” Light’s eyes radiated fury. “But, I’m NOT Kira, just stop this, alright?! Just untie me! Please, L?!”

L tightened his hold on himself, the more desperate Light’s pleading got, the worse L’s own urge became. He couldn’t understand why, but every time Light said ‘please’, his bladder would start to twist and roll itself up into pained knots. He coiled his legs together once more, rocking from side to side. He felt a small leak trickle out and, for a second, he tried to actually let it continue. But, as soon as he started telling himself it was okay to give up, his body tightened back down again and everything stopped. His urethra burned painfully at the sudden end to his release.

“Light… Th—That’s enough. We aren’t discussing this matter any— anymore… You have brought us very far off-topic. N—Now, here’s something you may find more interesting; Ever since you and Misa were placed in confinement, the Kira killings have stopped. Can you think of any reason that might b—“

“L, please?!” Light interrupted.

L sighed, leaning backwards in an attempt to give his bladder some more space. It didn’t work, the skin of his lower abdomen felt sore and stretched. “Please what, Light?”

“Please let me use the bathroom!” L could hear the fury in Light’s voice, but it was more tinged with panic now. Even just viewing him through the camera, L could see that Light’s crotch was quite damp. He’d already begun wetting himself, just not with the force and speed that his body desperately wanted him to.

L shimmied his hips, feeling the small wet patch on his own clothing. He’d let out a little, and it had… It had felt good to let go like that for a couple seconds. He just wished he’d continued trying to wear the ‘protection’. He felt certain that, if he had something like that on now, this would be the night he finally managed to actually make use of it. At the very least, the knowledge that losing control wouldn’t result in a huge mess would give him some peace of mind.

The idea of the others returning in the morning to find him soaked didn’t bother him that much, but L just hated when his surroundings were untidy. Too many things out of place, or an irritating smell, really harmed his ability to concentrate. He wasn’t sure if continuing to hold his bladder in was a bigger distraction than having to breathe in the smell of his own urine would be. “We are not d—discussing th—that at the moment, Light,” L told him. “Answer m—my questions, and then we can talk about letting you—“

“I’m not answering anything until you let me go,” Light insisted.

“You must realize that this stubborn behavior is only increasing your Kira percentage…” L said. It wasn’t, really. Anyone in Light’s situation would be stubborn and argumentative now, whether they actually had something to hide or not. The lie would hopefully get him to cooperate a little faster, though. “If you are not Kira, then simply g—give me your theories as to why the killings have suddenly ceased.”

“I— I don’t know why!”

“That ans—answer is not satisfactory,” L said. He ran his nails over his thighs, stepping in place. He couldn’t stop looking at the toilet visible on Light’s screen. It would feel so good to rush into that cell and— “Y—You already know MY theory, I’m sure— The killings have stopped because Kira and his accomplice are currently confined.”

“I’m not Kira!” Light snapped once more. “I—I’m sure I can th—think of why the killings stopped af—after I—“

“You need a clearer head to come up with your excuse, don’t you?”

“Ye— No! It’s not an excuse! I n—need a clearer head to think o—of anything at all!”

“G—Give it a try…”

L watched as Light curled over on himself, it seemed the wet spot on his pants was growing larger. “I d—don’t— Maybe Kira is sick.”

“Both of them, at the same time? And, so sick that they haven’t been able to kill even once?”

“Y—Yes! We kn—know they h—have made contact,” Light reasoned. “S—So, if one of th—them is sick, the oth—other could have caught it.”

“And, coincidentally, Kira and the second Kira each came down with some horrible disease at the exact same time you and Misa were locked away?” L asked. “I don’t believe in coincidences, Light. And, I have to s—say, it’s hard to believe a pair of mass-murderers would be completely stopped by a mere cold…”

“M—Maybe it’s not a cold, maybe it’s something worse…” Light mumbled.

“Hmmm… This lie isn’t up to par for you, Light…” L said. “Generally, when you lie to me, there is at least a small part of me that’s willing to believe you. Not this time. Why have you gotten worse at lying?”

“Probably because I have to pee and can hardly think!”

L’s smile turned into a slight grimace as his bladder throbbed. He gripped himself with one hand, and didn’t let go. It was easing the tension away, and he thought he was close to a breakthrough now. Just a few more minutes, and he would have won in spite of his awful need to pee. “So,” L said. “You admit that you have been telling me lies this whole time?”

“What? No! I d—didn’t say that!”

“You did,” L corrected. He bent forward, tightening his hold on himself. He was getting too eager, his bladder was starting to burn, a few droplets seeping out of him and requiring an even firmer hand to keep them at bay. “I asked why you have g—gotten worse at lying, and r—rather than DENY that you’ve lied to me—“

“Th—That doesn’t count!” Light exclaimed. It was a pitiful response, and even HE seemed to know that. “Y—You… You’re just setting me up. You d—don’t let me pee all day, th—then ask me all these questions, n—nothing I say now sh—should be taken seriously. It w—wouldn’t hold up in court.”

“I think wh—what I said to you was very straightforward, Light,” L said. “You could have easily denied that you lie to me, but you made no attempt to do so.”

“B—Because I can hardly think!” Light reminded. “H—Half the st—stuff you’ve said to me, I barely ev—even hear it or process it!”

“You seem to understand me perfectly well now.”

“You’re accusing me of being a killer!” Light said. “H—Hard NOT to p—pay attention to th—that! B—But, I haven’t l—lied to you a—at all! I k—keep telling you ev—everything I know, a—and I—“ Light was cut off, and L could hear a sharp hissing noise.

L panicked for a second, looking down at himself. But, when he realized the hand wedged between his legs didn’t feel any wetter than usual, he knew that the sound wasn’t coming from him.

The noise stopped abruptly and, panting, Light snapped “Y—You can’t— You can’t make me wet myself, L! Untie me already! Please?!”

Even if L HADN’T been the one to leak like that, listening to it happen wasn’t making his own situation any better. He had to clutch himself with both hands for a little bit, hopping in place. He shut his eyes, doing so for FAR longer than he should have when his entire job was to keep constant watch of the screens. He just couldn’t handle the sight of the toilet in Light’s cell any more.

Once he was able to speak again, he grunted out, “Nnnh, what was that, Light?”

“Untie me!” Light demanded. “Untie me, untie me, untie me! Please, L! Please, please, PLEASE untie me!”

“No.”

“B—But, I’m g—going to—“ Light’s voice reached an octave L had never heard before, and he made a strangled, pained noise as he squirmed around on his bed.

***

“Hyuk, hyuk…” Ryuk chuckled. “Your voice is squeaking, you sound like Sayu! I finally see the resemblance now…”

Light had never felt more pathetic, he’d never felt LESS like a God than he did now. Begging… Going into a full-blown panic just because he had to use the bathroom so bad. This was so much worse than the other day, he’d only had to stoop to begging for a couple minutes, not the hours of profusely pleading that he’d been strong-armed into tonight.

The image of L having to clean up his piss was a lot less satisfying now too. After all that groveling, even if L was left to mop away the mess, Light would still be the more pathetic, submissive one. He would have just begged for the toilet for hours before completely drenching himself, only to be unable to clean up on his own because he still couldn’t escape his bindings.

What the Hell had he been thinking earlier? That wasn’t God-like at all!

His desire to just piss his pants and get it over with evaporated. It was bad enough L had witnessed him behaving like this, he didn’t deserve to watch him have an accident on top of all that.

“L—Light— I kn—know you’re not c—comfortable right now,” L said. “But, I n—need you to w—work with me…”

And why did L keep stammering like that? Was he trying to drag this out as long as possible? What was wrong with—

…

…

Light thought that he had a way out now. He was… He was good at things like this, usually. When he could think. When he could think, he just needed to find the one thing he could use to manipulate someone, then talk them into doing what he wanted.

L was the only person so far that he’d never been able to manipulate, he’d never found anything he could use.

But, he thought he’d finally found that now…

All day, any time he’d said anything, L was the one to respond to him. It was easy to assume from there that L hadn’t taken any breaks today. And, doubtless, L had been drinking tea and coffee like always to force his body to remain awake longer than any human should ever be. L was still a human, though. What went in had to come back out.

L definitely had to go, just as badly as Light did.

However— and here Light tried not to seethe with jealousy— L was able to hold himself and cross his legs. He was able to do FAR more to fight against his desperation than Light could. Light was still going to break first, and in that time, L would keep interrogating him.

Light had no intention of answering any of the questions though. Even if he decided to be completely truthful for some insane reason, he didn’t think he’d be able to respond at this point. If L asked him something as innocuous as his favorite color, the only response he’d be able to give would be another demand for a toilet break. He couldn’t think of anything else.

But, L still COULD…

That was a problem…

Light had an idea of how to manipulate L, he just had to hope that his plan didn’t have too much of an effect on his OWN body first. “L… I really, really need to use the bathroom, alright? Please just—“

“No,” L stated. “L—Light, I— I am done repeating m—myself. Listen to me wh—when I’m speaking t—to you, and ans—answer my questions.”

“I can’t even think about all this stuff right now. All I can think about is waterfalls, and rivers, and peeing, and the sound tea makes when you—“

“Light!” L actually sounded mad now. “If it’s that bad, then just go.”

“I can’t! You have my hands tied!” Light reminded. “I need— I need to go NOW, L.” He was begging again, but now he was doing it with more of a purpose. “It feels like— Like there’s a melon in my stomach, L! It feels like I’ve swallowed an entire swimming pool, and— And I think I’m hallucinating!”   “Light—“   “I am, I hear water dripping from somewhere!” Light insisted. “I’m— I’m hallucinating, right? You can’t hear it, can you?”

***

L blinked, suddenly thinking that he actually DID hear the sound of a leaking faucet. Huh? That noise hadn’t been there a moment ago, had it? He was imagining it, there weren’t even any faucets near him. It was all in his head, but it was making him tense his thighs up a little more anyway. “E—Enough distractions, Light. You are g—going to answer m—“

“But— There’s too much pressure, it feels so heavy…”

L hadn’t noticed how heavy his lower belly actually felt… It was seriously weighing him down. He palmed his crotch and shifted his feet, but the heaviness only worsened, like he was carrying a boulder. “Light…” he hissed. “Stop talking about—“

“I already TOLD you, this is the only thing I can think about! Would you be able to think if it felt like you had a water-cooler in your stomach? If inhaling and exhaling kept squeezing the water-cooler tighter and tighter until you think one wrong move will make it explode? Would you be able to think then?”

L DID feel that way! And he was TRYING to think! He’d be able to do it just FINE if Light would talk about something else, anything else!” “W—We don’t need to discuss the Kira case now. We can take a break from th—“

“Then, let me go!”

That would be admitting defeat, that would be letting Light win… And, at this point, L just didn’t want to give Light what he wanted, regardless of if continuing this got him a confession or not. “Maybe later,” L said. “Once you have calmed yourself d—down a bit. I still believe you may be Kira, so I h—have no int—intention of untying you when y—you are angry.”

“I’m NOT angry!” Light shouted. “Just desperate! I’ll be perfectly calm after I’ve—“

“No,” L said. “L—Let’s talk about something else for a m—“

“I can’t!” Light insisted. “I— I haven’t used the bathroom since— Since really early this morning. What time is it now? How long have you been making me wait?!”

L’s gaze shifted to the clock, and his bladder thudded when he confirmed how late it now was. He’d last relieved himself at about the same time Light had, which meant they’d both been holding it for… “It has been around twenty-one hours, Light. However, your hydration today has b—been minimal, so I’m sure you a—are able to—“

“I’m not!” Light snapped. “And, what do you mean ‘minimal’? You’ve forced me to drink every bit of water you give me! J—Just because I don’t drink a couple barrels of tea everyday like you do doesn’t mean I’m not hydrated.”

L flinched. ‘A couple barrels’ was an exaggeration, but not by that much… From the way L’s bladder was thrashing, it didn’t FEEL like an exaggeration at all. The bloated organ was twisting up on itself, acting like he really DID have several barrels of fluid crammed into it. “Light, th—that is en—enough… Be quiet.”

***

Light hoped everything he’d been saying was having some kind of an effect on L, because it was definitely having an effect on HIM. He’d wet himself a little more, enough to leave a substantial wet patch on his clothes, but not enough to make him feel any better. If anything, all the leaking just made his bladder sting more.

Light did remain silent for a bit, but it was not out of a desire to do what L had instructed. No, it was more out of fascination.

Unlike the other day where L had merely PRETENDED to accidentally leave the microphone on, it would seem he’d actually done it for real tonight. Because, Light doubted that L would ever deliberately make those noises when Light could hear them…

“Nnnh… Hfff… Hff…”

L was struggling, fighting to breathe past the pressure in his abdomen.

After listening to that for a few minutes, Light’s own discomfort started to mount again, forcing him to demand the restroom once more.

***

L realized he’d left the microphone on, and hoped his haggard breathing hadn’t been audible. “No,” he said.

“But—“

“No.”

“L! I—If you— If you untie me— I’ll—“

“Confess?”

“N—Nothing to— Nothing to confess to!” Light moaned. “But I’ll— I’ll let you— I’ll let you go first if you untie me!”

L didn’t respond immediately. He recognized the very obvious manipulation for what it was, but his BODY only recognized the chance for relief. His muscles all spasmed, loosening uncontrollably and forcing him to dig his hands more firmly against himself. It wasn’t enough, and a few errant spurts hissed warmly into his clothing. He knew he should DECLINE Light’s bribe, as to accept it would mean admitting defeat in some small sense. But, the offer of release was so… so… Struggling to think, he stammered “You’ll l—let me go WHERE first?”

“Y—You KNOW where, L!” Light exclaimed. “St—stop this! I know you h—have to go as badly as I d—do!”

L cringed, Light was correct. He felt like he was going to burst, and this plan had utterly failed. Even when he managed to catch Light in something, the fact that neither one of them could focus for longer than a minute made it all pointless. He needed to clear his mind, and then never try anything as stupid as this again. There was only one way TO clear his mind now, only one way that would allow him to resolve his current predicament while still keeping an eye on Light.

“… I will untie you after I have taken care of my needs,” L stated.

“W—Wait,” Light said, another wincing squeak cracking from his throat. “You need to untie me first, I need to be able to use my ha—“

“I am going to be in a vulnerable position while I relieve myself,” L said. “So, I will untie you after I have finished. I assure you, I WILL untie you, so don’t concern yourself with—“

“Just my hands, L, you can leave my feet tied down, but I need—“

“I’m not negotiating this any further,” L said. “Either accept this compromise, or I won’t untie you at all.” He didn’t wait for Light’s response, he already knew what he’d choose, and he was now beyond ready to head down to the cell.

It wasn’t at all enjoyable to walk around with his bladder brimming. He was forced to continue gripping himself the entire way there, and his steps were slow and careful, each one planned out and deliberate. He was doing everything he could to avoid shaking the mass of liquid inside of him, but he was simply so full by that point that there wasn’t much he could do to ease the pressure.

He reached Light’s cell, unlocked it and entered. Light was still on the bed, trembling away as violently as he’d been doing the last several hours. L was kind of impressed that he was still hanging on after all this time, his crotch was visibly sodden, but the fact that he hadn’t exploded completely was surprising. “L—“ Light stammered breathlessly. “H—How about you just untie my feet? S—So I can cross my—“

“No,” L said, shifting on his feet and struggling not to look at the toilet. “You will remain restrained until I choose to free you.”

“But—“

“Light— This is… Quite an urgent matter now,” L said, coiling his legs together and pressing his hands down a little harder. He started to make his way towards the toilet. “My bladder is nearly at capacity, but I should be finished in around sixty seconds. Be patient.” L unzipped his pants and started to pull them down.

“You sit to—“

L got onto the toilet, perched in that peculiar way he always sat…

“A—Are you serio— Can’t you do that like a normal person?!” Light sputtered. “Your feet are bare!”

“You are better able to empty your bladder all the way if you crouch,” L informed. This was why he preferred Eastern-style toilets, this position was far easier to achieve with those. The release of his stream prompted a reaction from both of them. L’s spine shivered and he gave a soft sigh, tension draining rapidly from his lower body. Light gave another agonized, anguished wince, punctuated by the quiet hiss of one more momentary loss of control.

“Phew…” L exhaled.

“L—“ Light whined.

  “Light, I am trying to concentrate,” L said. He didn’t really NEED to do that, his bladder had pretty much just burst. He wouldn’t be able to stop for ANYTHING. He felt so much better, it was like he was in Heaven…

Light was in Hell. His haphazard plan was backfiring tremendously on him. He’d thought he’d be able to hold it while L went, he really had… But, he’d also thought L would at least free his hands first— Give him SOMETHING he could use to help keep his flood in. But, no. He had to sit there, barely able to squirm, forcing his sphincters shut on will-power alone, as he was forced to watch L do what he was DYING to do…

He was leaking at a constant rate while L peed. Not a lot, just a steady dribble that refused to stop. His eyes were beginning to burn and water from the strain.

It took L more than sixty seconds to finish, a fact which actually startled him. That had been almost a minute and a half. He hadn’t known he could hold that much, and didn’t want to ever try doing it again. He pulled his pants back up. “I apologize, Light, that was longer than I’d expected. I’ll get you untied now.” He knelt down, but Light started shaking his head.

“H—Hands first,” Light choked out.

L sighed and didn’t budge, “You should be happy I’m untying you at all.”

Light swore L was deliberately moving slowly, drawing out the process of freeing his feet. He kept demanding that the detective speed up, and L would only repeat that it would move a lot faster if Light held himself more still.

Once Light could move his feet, he crossed his legs together as tight as they would go. It wasn’t as helpful as his hands would have been, but it did manage to plug off his leaking at least.

L removed the bindings from Light’s hands and watched as they darted between his legs. But, Light just stayed on the bed, frantically clutching.

“Well?” L prompted. “If you need to go, do it now.”

“J—Just give me a—“ Light bit down against another ‘squeak’ as Ryuk had called them… “H—Hard to stand up—“

L gave another sigh and grabbed Light’s elbow, forcing him to his feet and prompting a hissing leak.

“Ah—!” Light struggled a further few steps to the toilet and unzipped himself. His clothes felt so sodden, still warm from his latest loss of control. How dare L reduce him to this…

He was dripping as he aimed, and gushing full-force before he’d even told himself to start peeing. Just like last time, he couldn’t stop himself from moaning, even with L right there to hear him do it.

And, right there to SEE him, too…

This was the first time Light had managed to get his stream started with L still staring at him. So far, he’d always needed L to look away for a second before he could begin peeing. This time, he must have been so desperate that it just hadn’t occurred to him. Fine. Just let L see how much he’d tortured Light today…

Light had never let out so much at once before, even his desperate release from the other day hadn’t lasted for this long. It seemed like it was never going to end, and it was making all of the muscles in his lower body go loose and jelly-like. It was actually a bit of a struggle to remain standing.

Light shivered as the last drops of liquid left him, he zipped his pants back up, now even more aware of how much he’d leaked into them. He really, really wanted to change, but he doubted L was going to let him. He’d have to wait for the wet spots to dry on their own, however long that ended up taking.

“One hundred and twenty-two seconds,” L said. His plan today really had been stupid, if Light could hold THAT much and still not completely wet himself, then L himself would never be able to hold it long enough to force out a confession. The only way he’d be able to try this again would be to wear the… ‘protection’ and then actually manage to make himself use it.

“What…?” Light asked. “One hundred and tw— What?”

“That is how long you were urinating for,” L informed.

Light stared back at him. Why was he keeping track of that?! Had he somehow deduced that Kira would have to have a large bladder? Was that the TRUE meaning of today’s torment? Kira was always watching for news of criminals, so L would assume that such a person wouldn’t have much time to take breaks, and would therefore be able to hold it for long intervals. So, it would make sense for Kira to have a large bladder, and Light had just demonstrated that HE had one…

“I need to tie you up again now,” L said. “Considering what your body just went through, I suspect you will be experiencing severe discomfort again fairly soon.”

Okay, so he was just… Thinking ahead about how this would affect Light… Wasn’t he? Any degree of ‘care’ from L seemed very unlikely, though. Perhaps, he was planning to force Light to hold it again when the time came.

L set to work putting Light’s restraints back on. “I’m going to have to instruct you to notify me right away, there is a chance of you becoming ill with some form of infection if you restrain like that again. If that were to happen, I would end up being called down here every twenty minutes. I think we’d both prefer to avoid that.”

That was the last thing L said before he left Light alone again.

Well… Mostly alone.

“I’ve never heard you make THAT noise before, either,” Ryuk said.

‘What noise…?’ Light thought.

Ryuk gave a ridiculous imitation of Light’s moaning. At least, Light HOPED it was ridiculous, he HOPED he hadn’t actually sounded like that.

“You kind of did it the other day,” Ryuk said. “But, you were a lot louder this time. I bet Misa was able to hear it from wherever they stuck her.”

Light laid down on the bed. He knew he had a tendency to be kind of… dramatic, but his moaning hadn’t been THAT noisy, right? If Misa HAD heard it… Misa would have enjoyed it way, WAY too much… He shuddered a little.

