The Elevator

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-03-15 02:12

Frankie and their girlfriend, Alicia, were stuck in an elevator. They had been at school all day, and stayed after to finish homework together. I’ll pee when we get back home, Frankie had thought an hour earlier. But over time, the urge to piss had turned much worse, and now the elevator just stopped. Frankie was trying not to show their desperation, their leg muscles squeezed. Alicia pushed a couple buttons before giving up.

”We’re gonna be stuck here for an hour and a half at the most.” She said, frustrated.

Frankie panicked a bit. Would they be able to hold it in that long? Frankie tried to distract their self by scrolling through their phone. Alicia did the same, watching some videos. Alicia was on the other side of the elevator, which Frankie was grateful for. They didn’t want their girlfriend to see them squirm. That would be a bit embarrassing. But as a half an hour passed by, Frankie was almost at their limit, forcing them to grab their crotch and squirm. Alicia looked up, and her expression softened.

”Are you alright?” She asked, walking over.

”T-This is really embarrassing…” Frankie replied quietly. “But I really, really need the toilet.”

”I’ll see if they can hurry it up a bit…” Alicia said, rubbing Frankie’s shoulder.

According to Alicia, it was still going to take an our longer to get the elevator going again. Frankie felt her eyes water.

”I really don’t wanna piss myself Alicia…”

“I know, I know. But if you do, I promise I won’t judge you. It happens to the best of us.” Alicia replied.

Frankie squirmed a bit, and the movement jostled their bladder and they started to leak. By the time they stopped the leak, a wet spot had formed on their shorts… they did a little potty dance, blushing a bit. Their muscles were tired from holding back the pee, and when they tried to relax they just leaked again, forming an even bigger spot. Frankie’s face reddened a bit as they tried to keep their pee from flooding out, and Alicia tried to not look, so that her partner wouldn’t be too embarrassed. She too had been in a similar situation when she was younger. Meanwhile, Frankie was so, so desperate. The thought of just letting go was so appealing, and it made them leak again, and this time a couple drops went down their legs. There would only be half an hour of waiting left now… but Frankie was pretty much at their limit, any squirming or bouncing caused them to leak or feel a painful throb…..

(Might are a part two. If not, imagine your own ending!)

