Wet weekend break

Author: stinklerus

*000*2020-09-29 10:42

This is the third instalment of the ongoing tale of Tom and Jill, the mature woman with whom he had struck up a relationship. They had really hit it off on their first two dates and were both really turned on by one another. The fact that they had ended up bursting for a toilet on both these occasions, with Jill wetting herself and Tom practically doing the same made things even better, although neither had confessed to the other how turned on they had been by the other’s predicament.

Tom had stayed at Jill’s on both previous occasions, but as he still stayed with his parents, it wasn’t possible for Jill to come and stay with him. He hadn’t told his parents about the relationship yet, as he was sure they wouldn’t approve, with Jill being so much older than him. Instead, for their next date, they had arranged to go on a weekend break. After some discussion as to whether to go to a city or the countryside, they settled on booking a country retreat. It was in a lovely area, with lots to see and places to visit.

The weekend came, and Tom drove the several hour journey to pick Jill up at the nearest station to their destination. He was excited to be meeting Jill again and was looking forward to what the weekend had to bring. As she sat on the train, Jill was also looking forward to her weekend. She had been to the hairdresser and they had worked their magic, making her look much younger. She had also bought some new underwear, as she had noticed that the sight of it seemed to turn Tom on. It wasn’t anything skimpy or the like, but it was still sexy enough and firm enough to hold her tummy in nicely.

They met at the station in the late afternoon and immediately hugged and kissed as a welcome. As soon as Tom saw her, he grew erect. He couldn’t explain why, but to him Jill was the sexiest woman alive and he couldn’t wait to be in her arms again. Jill was thrilled to see Tom again too, with his full head of hair and strong, athletic looking figure. He was the man of her dreams and she wished she had known him years ago.

They drove the few miles out of town to the country hotel they had booked and were delighted to find it to be a charming looking old building with beautiful gardens. They checked in and were shown to their room, which was massive. It had a huge bed, covered in pillows and cushions and a splendid view over the grounds and across the open countryside. As soon as they were alone in the room they were in one another’s arms, kissing and fondling one another. After a while they stopped and got ready to go for dinner. Jill changed into a simple but elegant dress, while Tom put on a freshly ironed shirt and smart trousers. Jill had changed in the room in front of Tom and he had to force himself not to stare at her as she stood in her bra and knickers. He immediately hardened up and it was some time before he had regained composure and could head to the restaurant.

They had a lovely, leisurely meal accompanied by several glasses of wine before taking a stroll through the gardens and heading to their room. Before long they were on the huge bed, lost in a long, gentle lovemaking session.

The next day they rose early and went for breakfast. The breakfast was a feast in itself, with plenty of choice and limitless tea, coffee or juice. Having finished they returned to their room to prepare to go exploring the area. Before leaving they both made sure they used the toilet, no doubt bearing in mind the outcome of their previous outings. It was a beautiful summer day with not a cloud in the sky, so they took the complimentary bottles of spring water from their room with them. Jill had decided to wear a summer dress with a flared skirt. It was shaped and fitted around the upper part and showed off her breasts nicely. Tom wore a loose summer shirt and light coloured trousers.

They had discussed where to visit over breakfast and had opted for a tour of a stately home, followed by a leisurely tour around some of the quaint villages in the area. The stately home was about an hour away, but they had plenty of time so took it easy. When they arrived they decided to go for a coffee in the café before taking the tour. As they were leaving the café, Jill glanced at the toilet and briefly thought about using it. Then Tom mentioned that a guided tour was due to start in a few minutes, so instead they hurriedly bought tickets and joined the group.

The tour lasted over an hour. The place was massive, with lots of different rooms, all with their own story attached to them and full of historic artefacts and furniture. Once the tour had finished they took a stroll around the grounds, enjoying the glorious sunshine. Jill mentioned that she wished she had taken the spring water from the car, as it was so hot, but then she said that maybe that wouldn’t have been such a good idea, as she was beginning to need the loo. On returning from the grounds they went back to the café and had a light lunch. Jill was definitely intending to use the toilet this time, as she wasn’t sure where they were going next or when a toilet would be available.

Just as they were finishing their lunch and Jill was about to get up to use the toilet, there was sudden influx of visitors. On checking out of the windows they saw that two coach tours had arrived. Most of the passengers were heading straight for the toilets, some with rather desperate looking expressions on their faces. Before long there was quite a queue in the lobby, especially outside the ladies. One or two women looked particularly uncomfortable, shuffling from foot to foot with concerned looks on their faces.

Tom had finished his lunch too and was keen to get off. Jill asked him where they were going to go next and he told her about a village about ten miles away that had some interesting small shops. She then decided that rather than wait in the long queue for the ladies that she would hold on until they were at the village. Surely there would be a café, pub or a public toilet there she could use. After all, she wasn’t desperate or anything, but would be more comfortable if she went soon.

They headed back top the car and set off, chatting away about things they had noticed in the stately home and imagining what life there would have been like in its heyday. Tom was starting to feel his bladder sending him signals now and thought that he would be glad when they were at the next village, as he was going to have to use the toilet soon. Driving along, he became aware of the fact that Jill had gone quiet. When he asked if everything was alright she replied that it was, but that she was going to need to find a toilet soon. Tom told her that he was starting to need as well and reassured her that they would find one in the village.

They soon arrived in the village, but immediately noticed that there were few people about. They found a central car park, parked up and got out to have a look around. Tom was glancing around, discreetly searching for a sign indicating where a toilet might be, but he couldn’t see anything. They wandered down the main street, glancing in shop windows and looking for a café or pub. It wasn’t that they were needing to take more liquid in though, but more that hey needed to let some out.

With no sign of anything obvious, they finally stopped a passing woman who looked to be a local and asked her about a pub or café. She replied that there were several cafes and one pub, buy added that they were all closed that day. Apparently it was market day in a larger village about fifteen miles away and everyone went there, meaning that it wasn’t worthwhile opening the local places for the day. They then asked about public toilets, only for the woman to tell them that they had been shut years ago by the council as part of a money saving drive.

On hearing this, Jill’s need suddenly seemed to increase tenfold and she did a little dance on the spot. After thanking the woman, they quickly decided that the best thing they could do was to head for the larger village. After all, if it was market day there were bound to be plenty of places open where they could use the toilet.

They returned to the car and Tom drove off, feeling rather uncomfortable, but also concerned. His need had increased significantly now too and he was also worried about Jill. He had seen first hand before how she went from simply needing a toilet to being absolutely desperate in quite a short space of time and didn’t want her to end up embarrassing herself and spoiling her day. She was sitting quietly at the moment, no doubt thankful for the thought of relief when they reached their destination.

The road here was rather twisty and quite narrow, so Tom had to concentrate. There was no way he could drive quickly and remain safe, so he took it easy. Jill had her eyes closed now, but he sensed she wasn’t sleeping but rather was concentrating on controlling her over full bladder. Then suddenly she was speaking again.

“Oh Tom” she said “I’m so sorry, but I think that I’m going to have to ask you to pull over. I’m bursting for a pee and I don’t think I can wait much longer.”

Having spoken she slipped a hand between her thighs and started to hold herself through her dress, feet drumming on the floor and her face screwed up in concentration. Tom told her that it wouldn’t be long before they were in the village, but that if she really was bursting he would try to find a safe place to stop. He was actually thinking of stopping anyway, as he was struggling. With the twisty road he had to keep both hands firmly on the wheel, meaning that he couldn’t hold himself as he very much would have liked to do.

Jill fell silent again and Tom thought that the pressure must have eased a bit. She still had her hand between her legs but didn’t look quite so tense as before. He, on the other hand, was extremely tense. On a straight bit of road he used one hand to knead his crotch, squeezing his thighs together in an attempt to keep it in. he was absolutely desperate and was going to have to stop at the first safe opportunity. There was no way he could risk a leak in these trousers, as it would be glaringly obvious what had happened. He was so engrossed in his own battle that had almost forgotten about Jill being there beside him until he heard her suddenly give a sob and exclaimed:

“Oh Tom! Please, find some where to stop! I’m about to pee myself! I can’t wait! It’s going to come out soon! Please! Oh Please!” That took Tom back to reality and he glanced over at her. She had scrunched up the front of her dress and now had two hands firmly pressed into her crotch, holding herself directly through her knickers. There were tears glistening in her eyes and it was clear that she was on the verge of having a full blown accident.

Tom muttered something about the road being too twisty and that he would have to find a straight section before he could stop. He was in agony himself and had to keep one hand pressed between his legs, even going through bends. All the while there didn’t seem to be anywhere safe to pull over, with bend after bend appearing through the windscreen.

Then, as they came out of a bend, two things happened. Tom noticed that there was a long straight ahead of them, with a field entrance away to the far end of it. Also, at the same moment, Jill gave a gasp, followed by a little shriek, before saying “Oh no, no! It’s too late! It’s coming out! I’m going in my knickers! Oh no, no! Oh please stop! Let me out! I’m wetting myself!”

Tom told her to try to hold on for a few more seconds. He pressed the accelerator and raced for the field opening before swinging the car off the road and across the entrance and skidding to a stop. Before they had stopped, Jill had her seatbelt off and her hand on the door handle. As soon as they came to a halt she threw the door open and got out. Tom meanwhile sat in the driving seat, both hands squeezing his penis for all he was worth, with his eyes glued to Jill. He expected to see her hitch up her dress, drop her knickers and go into a squat, but as he watched she stood and gathered her skirt around her waist.

Her feet were spread apart and there was a growing wet patch on the back of her knickers as she stood there with pee flooding out between her legs and splashing on the ground between her feet. The sight and sound of her pee hitting the ground was too much for Tom and he quickly got out and raced around the car to the passenger side, unzipping as he went. He stood with his back to the road and to Jill as he frantically fished around to get free. There was growing stain on the front of his trousers before he finally got clear and a strong arc of pee shot out into the bushes.

Once they were both drained, they looked at one another. Both were full of apologies. Jill about being unable to hold, and Tom about being unable to find a place to stop. Then they returned to the car. Jill sat on the edge of the seat with her feet out of the door and slipped off her soaking wet knickers. She squeezed the worst of the pee from them before laying them on the rubber mat on the floor and wiping herself down with tissues as best she could. Meanwhile tom stood at the drivers door, dabbing at the wet spot on his trousers with tissues and trying his best to make it less obvious. They then drove away, having decided that they had done enough exploring for one day and returned to the hotel for a badly needed shower.

