Team Starblaze

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2023-08-22 03:21

Content warning: war and death (depicted whimsically).

–

The three enbies comprising Team Starblaze were huddled together behind a boulder in the middle of a hot battlefield. Bodies were strewn across the trampled grass; the sun beat down from above and was responsible for more than a few deaths of the wounded; wooden arrows piled up on the ground like autumn leaves.

“You fucker. I got them first. Don’t put a tally for yourself.”

“Idiot.”

On the back of the boulder was carved a table with three columns, labeled F, V, and G: Fritz, Valla, and Gale. Fritz held a chisel and hammer in their pale, slender fingers, and was busy adding the fifteenth tally mark to the F column. Before they could finish, Valla reached over and grabbed the tools out of their hands.

“Asshole. I’m keeping these until you get another kill. That tally mark doesn’t count.”

“Those are mine.”

“Not anymore.”

“Shithead.”

“Cunt.”

Gale glared northward over the top of the boulder, their body flopped over it like a towel. They held the team’s prize possession at the ready: Blazing Star, a bow of Katsura wood, blessed by a priest, passed down to them from nine and seventy generations past, said to have never been on the losing side of a battle. Each of the three enbies considered it to be rightfully their own. Today, it found its perch in Gale’s dark hands.

“You’re both pricks,” Gale said. “Shut up and let me aim.”

“I told you not to call me that,” Fritz said.

“I told you to shut up.”

“Maybe you’d be able to aim better if it was your destiny to wield that weapon in the final war of Geerd,” Valla cut in. Their round, chesty frame was curled up by Gale’s feet on the South side of the boulder, and they were fiddling with a slingshot. “Just saying.”

“Fuck off.”

A soldier from the enemy kingdom appeared out from behind a bush, raised their sword high above their head, emitted a reverberant holler, and began charging toward the stone. Team Starblaze was deep into enemy territory, and so was the entire army of Geerd. Another half mile and they’d be at the castle’s gates. Finally. After months fighting this wave of the war, the three idiots were getting sick of each other. Gale fired; the arrow pierced skin; the soldier fell.

“I’m putting that one down as mine,” Valla said.

“Like hell you are.”

“Stop me then.”

Gale shuffled to the side so that their legs were blocking the carved table. Valla tried to reach between their calves to add a tally mark, but Gale kicked at them until they backed off.

“Fine,” Valla said. “I’ll just remember that I have one more than what it says.” They tossed the hammer down, but pocketed the chisel. “Now watch my back, I’m taking a piss break.”

“I’m going first,” Fritz said, and stood up.

“No you’re not,” Valla argued, rising as well. “I need to piss. Stay here. You can go after.”

Fritz turned to face them down, a head taller and a barrel thinner than their companion. “I need to pee twice as badly as you do.”

“I need to pee three times as badly as you’ve ever needed to in your life,” Valla retorted. “I haven’t peed since yesterday.”

“You peed this morning.”

“No I didn’t.”

“I saw you.”

“Pervert.”

“Scumbag.”

Valla crossed their arms and stuck their tongue out at Fritz. Gale turned their head to the side and gave the other two sideeye. “I need a piss break too, you know. Maybe I should go first because I have the most kills today.”

“But I have the most,” Fritz said.

“Only if you can’t count.”

Valla stamped their foot on the ground. “I don’t have time for this crap. I’m bursting to piss. Gale, I’ll let you keep using Blazing Star for the rest of the day if you hold Fritz back and let me go pee.”

“Sure,” Gale said. They grabbed Fritz by the straps on the back of their leather armor before the other enby could duck away. Fritz’s hands had been resting on their crotch, applying just a bit of pressure to emphasize how badly they needed to go, but the enby removed them and crossed their arms across their chest when Gale grabbed them.

“Fine,” Fritz said. “If I can’t go first, then I’m going last. I don’t need to pee that badly. You’re both being babies. I can hold it.”

“I’m not going first,” Gale said. “If you can hold it, so can I.”

Valla looked back and forth between the other two. Their own hands had been lingering in front of their nethers, but now they crossed their arms too, and struck a defiant pose. “Well then so can I,” they said. “Fuckers trying to start a bladder contest when you’ve both peed more recently than I have. Whatever. I’ll still win.”

“I’m not peeing until we win this battle,” Fritz said.

“I’m not peeing until we win the war,” Gale said.

“Well I’m never peeing again!” Valla yelled.

The wind fell; the sun slid behind a cloud and darkened the world by five or six shades; warriors screamed in the distance, but far fewer than the number that had been there earlier in the day. The conflict was wearing on. Progress was slow but sure. The voice of their general rang out and called on them to advance. So the three enbies gathered their things, bitched at each other about who should carry what, and then avoided making eye contact as they tried to discretely appease their bursting bladders during the walk.

As the day crawled toward dusk, Team Starblaze pressed onward, advancing from one strategic point to another, picking off Northern soldiers with their variety of ranged weapons as they went. Those who knew the three well might have picked up on their tell-tale signs of discomfort – Gale’s slow shifting of their weight from one foot to the other, Valla’s sour and impatient facial expressions, Fritz’s darting eyes and flushed cheeks – but as it was, each warrior was too distracted by their own bladder to care much about the others’.

When parked and serving as snipers, they tried to stand still; when moving, they tried to move naturally. Day became night, and their bickering dwindled away as the cuties lost the will to do anything non-essential. And finally they came to the face of the Northern castle of Onn, and the forces of Geerd consolidated together at the gates to demand a surrender. The four thousand or so remaining soldiers were pressed together shoulder to shoulder, the members of Team Starblaze dead center among them and squeezed in like sardines.

“Time for you to take a piss, Fritz,” Gale said. “Battle’s over.”

“I’m fine,” Fritz spat, one hand resting on the waistline of their leather pants. “You’re the one who should be pissing. This is the end of the war.”

“I don’t need to go.”

“Crapass.”

“Douche.”

But the Northern forces did not surrender, so the voice of their general rang out again and called for them to charge and storm the palace. The wooden gates cracked and fell; the warriors poured into the courtyard for a final slaughter; Team Starblaze split off, entered the palace through a side door, and took to the corridors.

“Where are we going?” Gale asked.

“Finding Valla a bathroom,” Fritz said.

“I’m not going,” Valla said.

“But you need to.”

“So what.”

“Fine, piss your pants then.”

“You’re a dick.”

Fritz crossed their arms and huffed. “I told you not to call me masc-charged names,” they insisted.

“Dick is gender-neutral.”

“No it isn’t!”

The three wandered up a flight of stairs, and then another, and then a third, and found themselves on top of the outer wall, looking out over the battlefield they’d just conquered. They lined up by one of the crenels of the castle wall to gaze out over it.

“Shove over, you two,” Gale said, shouldering the other two away as they encroached from either side. “I was here first. Get your own crenel.”

“Selfish fuck,” Valla said. “I’ll use whatever crenel I want.” They climbed up into the gap and plopped down inside it, legs dangling over the edge, blocking the view of the other two.

“Move over,” Fritz said.

Valla didn’t respond.

“Move it!” Fritz said. “You’re in the way!”

Valla didn’t respond.

“Come on! Shove over!”

Gale grabbed the lanky enby by the armor straps again, and held them still as they desperately tried to wriggle away.

“Hey! Fuck you! Let go! I need to pee!”

“Shut up, pipsqueak,” Gale barked at them. “I hate you. I hate the way you look. I hate the sound of your voice. I hate everything about you. Shut your mouth and be quiet, for once, please.”

“Let go!!” they cried.

None of the three of them noticed the sounds of a few last holdouts of Onn bounding through the nearby corridors, towards the sound of their argument.

Valla turn around to face the other two. “You know, Gale has a point,” they said. “I kinda hate your voice too. You sound like a field mouse that’s been thoroughly fucked up by a barnyard cat.”

“I do not!!” Fritz said. Their violent thrashing was clearly betraying the bladder predicament they’d been trying to keep on the down-low for hours (which they’d just shouted about involuntarily a moment ago) but the other two didn’t even care.

“You do too.”

“I do not!!!”

“Yes you do. Prick.”

The slender enby’s eyes popped out of their head, and finally they wrenched themself free of Gale’s grip. “I told you–” they screamed “not to call me that!!” They lunged at Valla, who was still sitting on the wall, and before they could think twice, shoved their companion clean off of it, down three stories to their death.

“Frisk!” Gale cried out. “Frisk, you soulless fiend!!” Gale charged at them, toppling them over, and the two began brawling on the ground, wrestling each other for control and trading blows all over, until finally a castle guard burst through the door, approached them with their sword in the air, and drove it down through both their hearts.

–

The first thing each enby noticed when they awoke in Hell was how hot it was.

The second thing they noticed was that they were still there. Not alive per se, perhaps, but still there.

And the third was that they still needed to pee.

The three of them were seated around a circular stone table, sitting on a bench that went all the way around it, positioned at equal angles. The table was stationed in a small, humid room barely big enough to accommodate it, with only a single door out. The door itself was barely big enough for a person fit through – Fritz would have to duck, and Valla would have to squeeze – and on the other side was a closet-sized room with a single, hole-in-the-ground toilet inside.

Valla was the first to speak, and they addressed the other two in a haughty tone.

“I’ll have you two know I’ve been here for five minutes longer than either of you, and in case you’re wondering, no, I didn’t fucking pee. I’m sticking to what I said. I’m never peeing again.”

“Assho–” Fritz began, but Gale interrupted.

“Of course you didn’t,” they said. “You’re the same stubborn shithead you’ve always been. You wouldn’t pee if your life depended on it. Which it can’t, anymore.”

“Nor yours either,” Valla fired back. They were squirming desperately under the table, but keeping as much of a straight face as they possibly could. “Good job getting yourselves killed. What did you in? Felt like jumping off the wall and coming to join me?”

“I don’t see you still kicking around. And it’s none of your god damn business,” Gale said. Their legs were twisted into a knot and bouncing up and down.

“For once I agree with pighead over here,” Fritz volunteered. Both of their hands were shoved between their legs, and their mousy voice was trembling with the effort of holding their pee. “And I’m not going either. You two are the shittiest friends I could ever ask for, and I’m going to prove for the divine record that I’m better than both of you, even if it takes me until the end of time.”

“Fine,” Gale said. “I’m not pissing either. I see no reason to lose to a pathetic dork like you. Not like I’ll ever have anything better to do again.”

“You’re both cunts,” Valla said. “And I’m going to outhold you both. I’m showing you once and for all who the real MVP of Team Starblaze always was, and I’m not quitting no matter what.”

The three enbies glowered at each other, stifling moans in their throats and adjusting themselves in their seats in futile attempts to get comfortable. Between the vicious glares, they cast apprehensive glances around the room, taking in the limited scenery, and slowly coming to grips with the eternity that their final judgment had condemned them to.

“I’ve got plenty of time.”

