An excerpt from a story I've been working on

Author: SoggyShorts

*000*2019-11-21 02:02

I have a story that I've been working on. I haven't looked at it in a few years, but I got inspired recently and I just rewrote a scene in it and thought I would share.

The setting for this scene is Union Station in Toronto in the middle of July of 2006. Ari has just taken a train to Toronto from Cleveland to visit her newfound love interest, Chuck, and this unfolds:

{{:

Quote

Chuck had run to Union Station when he got Ari's call. He arrived just in time to hear the announcement that her train had arrived. He waited for her at the top of the escallator.

He spotted her first. She looked a little bit wilted from the trip, but her face lit up when she spotted Chuck.

She was wearing a pair of tiny black denim shorts, which spectacularly showed off her gorgeous legs, coupled with a checkered button-down shirt in various shades of teal, which just nicely emphasized her ample breasts without being too gauche, and made her bright blue eyes sparkle. Her backpack piled high behind her, making her look much taller than she really is.

As she reached the top of the escallator, she turned to see Chuck and slid off her backpack so she could properly wrap herself around him --arms and legs -- in a full-body embrace. Chuck instinctively put his hands under her tight little ass and held her up.

"My God, I missed you." she said.

"I missed you, too," he said.

In unison, they went in for a kiss.

Chuck's cock grew hard in the moment, and he could feel a faint, warm moisture coming from Ari. They were so hot that you could almost smell the sex on them from meters away. Knowing they were still in public, they stopped short of grinding together despite how badly they both wanted to fuck then and there.

When they broke off the kiss, Ari's arms and legs were still wrapped around Chuck. "Hey, guess what?" she said.

"What?"

"I gotta pee."

Chuck grew harder at the announcement.

A look of mischief crossed her face. She kissed Chuck gently. "I was thinkin'" she said in a low, sultry voice, then kissed him again, "that you might like it," kiss, "if I peed my little black shorts," kiss, "right here," kiss, "right now," kiss, "all over you." She kissed him again, then continued. "Would you like that?" she asked.

Chuck was stunned for a moment, but his growing boner told her how he really felt.

"I feel that!" she said, a devilish look forming in her big, blue eyes. "You know you want it, and I know it, too!"

"Oh my God," Chuck said. He often fantasized about a moment like this.

"Hurry up! I might just start without you!" she said. He felt her tense some muscles in her gut as though poising to pee.

"Um.... You can't...." he sputterd awkwardly.

"Oh, can't I?" she mocked playfully.

"But someone might...."

"Someone might say 'no'?" She leaned in and seductively whispered in his ear, "What if someone said 'yes'?"

Chuck shivered. A seeming eternity later, he wispered in her ear. "Oh my God! Do it!"

"I'm already going." she whispered.

Their lips locked again, and Chuck realized his pants were wet. It spread quickly downward as it soaked his crotch and ran down his legs and into his shoes. Chuck realized that anyone around could see it. He panicked for a brief moment, then looked into Ari's eyes and gave himself up to his fate.

Ari felt Chuck's panic. "You gonna be okay?" she asked.

"Yeah... I just realized that everyone can see this. I can fix it, though. You up for a bit of a walk?"

"Sure," she said. Chuck heard a short his as she let loose one last squirt before unwrapping herself from him. She put her feet down. As she stood there, Chuck noticed a few minor rivulets trickled down her leg, but nothing compared to the mess she had made of him.

Chuck picked up Ari's backpack, and the two quickly exited the station onto Front St.

}}

*002*2019-11-21 22:03

{{5 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

Yeah, soooo, you need to finish this. It sounds amazing and I would read the crap out of this do you have an idea of where you want it to go??

}}

Ohhh, man, there's about ten different directions I want it to go in, including some I've partially written. I'm also trying to reconcile different versions of my sense of Ari's personality, and a few other bits and pieces.

I seriously appreciate the kudos, though. It tells me . . . well basically what you told me, which is that I need to finish it.

Thanks, man!

*004*2019-11-22 13:24

{{13 hours ago, Bismiris said:

Just do a choose your own adventure. Then you don't have to decide on just one conclusion.

@jk, I usually find that when I'm writing and have too many ideas, I write them as ridiculously as possible. i.e, instead of saying, "John got on the train" I would write, "John surfed on the train." Maybe a bad example, but I find it helps.

}}

Interesting. So I could kind of write something totally over the top and then dial it back until it's plausible.

Ari's character already is a bit over the top. She's a composite of things I've read or fantasized about all rolled into one character. Maybe I should write the scenes to match.

Thanks for the thought.

*006*2019-11-24 05:03

{{On 11/22/2019 at 8:01 PM, Bismiris said:

You could try to splinter her personality into different people if you don't like how it adds up, then pick and choose, and roll them back up into the characters. I can only speak from my own perspective, and I admit isn't the most efficient method, but if I'm really stuck its what I do.

}}

I think I like her for how her character has evolved. As she evolved, she is very direct and unashamed. In some of the earlier things I'd written, she is far too shy and reserved to have become that person. I think what needs to happen is the scenes preceding this one need to be rewritten in order for this scene to plausibly follow. I'm actively working on that now.

Thanks for the feedback!

