Urine of Honor

Author: Sonadow182

*000*2020-01-06 02:13

The setting: GUN Headquarters' Auditorium.

The cameras were up, recording the stage live across the country. The auditorium was filled with GUN soldiers and invited guests. On the stage, Commander Towers stood at the podium, his voice loud and clear.

In the audience, sitting at the very front, Sonic, Tails, Amy, Knuckles, Shadow, and Rouge sat. Today, GUN was honoring a hero, but it wasn't Sonic. No, today, Shadow would be getting a Medal of Honor. The black and red hedgehog had risked his very life to bring a war hero home, back to his wife and kids after a nameless international terrorist had kidnapped him for ransom. The hedgehog and his charge had barely escaped after finding out that the terrorist was a suicide bomber, meant to take out GUN's best agent. The man had pressed the button on his bomb the moment Shadow had shown up, giving him barely 5 milliseconds to grab the kidnapped man and get out. The bomb had exploded and collapsed the whole building before he could get out the door, but the blast luckily pushed them out further away from the falling debris. They were a bit scorched and bruised, but they were alive.

The war hero family man had been so grateful, that he told Commander Towers that the hedgehog should get a Medal of Honor, and that's just what was happening. Tonight was Shadow's night, and his acception and thank you speech was being recorded live.

The only problem was, Shadow wasn't ready to go up on stage. And the reason for that was because of an unfortunately full bladder.

Going on 13 hours now without a bathroom break, the black and red hedgehog was having trouble holding it. He sat next to Sonic, discreetly squirming in his metal chair, rubbing his knees together. He wished he could just quickly run to the bathroom and come back, but that would draw too much attention. Plus, the door was being guarded, and he didn't feel like explaining himself.

"Aren't you excited, Shadow?" Sonic turned to his rival excitedly. "Your first Medal of Honor!"

"Um... yeah... really excited." Shadow stuttered out, his mind more focused on not wetting himself than on what Sonic was saying. He felt a small leak come out, causing him to discreetly cross his legs and place one hand firmly between them. He hoped he could hold on until the ceremony was over.

Sonic looked at Shadow curiously, tilting his head to the side. "You ok, Shads? You seem kinda tense."

Shadow's eye twitched when he felt a bigger leak come out, causing him to grip his crotch more tightly, stopping the flow. He was sure there was a small puddle on the chair now. "I'm fine." He lied.

"You're not getting stage fright, are you?" Sonic teased, poking him in his side close to his slightly bulging bladder.

Shadow squeaked as another leak came out and he smacked Sonic's hand away. "No, Faker. I'm not getting stage fright."

"Geez, what's the matter with you?" Sonic frowned.

"Nothing hedgehog, now be quiet."

Before Sonic could make another remark, Commander Towers spoke up. "And now, I would like to call up GUN's best special agent, Shadow the Hedgehog, to the stage."

Shadow gulped and shakily got up from his chair, walking up to the stage steps, paying attention to his boss like nothing was wrong. Sonic frowned. Shadow looked way too tense.

"Blue, what's wrong with Shadow?" Rouge asked Sonic. She was sitting two seats away from him, with Tails in between him and her.

"I don't know." Sonic answered back, shrugging helplessly.

"Maybe it's just stage fright." Tails offered.

"I already asked him that, and he said he's not getting stage fright." Sonic shrugged. "Course, he may be lying." The blue hedgehog then looked at Shadow's seat, and his ears popped up, his eyes widening in shock at the sight of a few droplets of yellow urine on the chair. He looked back at Shadow, standing attentively in front of the Commander as he accepted his Medal of Honor, his legs squeezed together tightly and his leg fur slightly wet. "Oh no."

"Agent Shadow, for your bravery and selfless act of heroism, I am honored to present you with this Medal of Honor." Commander Towers announced proudly, laying the medal over the hedgehog's shoulders.

"Thank you sir, I will wear this with honor." Shadow nodded. Please don't say I need to do a speech. Please don't say I need to do a speech. Please don't say I need to do a speech.

"And now, as with all ceremonies of honor, Agent Shadow the Hedgehog will give us a speech."

Dammit!

As Commander Towers joined the audience, Shadow gulped and shakily went up to the podium, reaching into his quills and pulling out his flash cards he had written for this speech. He stepped onto the stool so that he could see over the podium and direct the audience properly. He got his flash cards together nervously, his legs shaking with the effort of holding in all his urine that continued to build. He looked at his audience, every single one of them staring at him, and even more staring at him through their tv screens at home. He took a nervous gulp, looked at his cards, and began his speech.

"He looks so nervous." Amy commented, looking at Sonic. "Are you sure it's not stage fright."

"It's not stage fright." Sonic shook his head, staring at Shadow closely with concerned eyes, hoping, praying for him to get through this without wetting himself.

The black and red hedgehog read through his flash cards nervously, his hold on his bladder getting weaker and weaker by the second. He started squirming and wiggling his hips, rubbing his legs together as drops of liquid continued to fall between his legs, dripping onto the floor with a silent splash. He started stuttering his words, forcing him to go back and reread the sentence all over again. Every few sentences, he would pause to bite his lip and gain control again. He was losing the battle fast.

Five minutes in, he was bouncing on his heels and rushing through his speech to get it over with so that he could run to the bathroom and relieve himself before he lost control completely. At this point, it was obvious to everyone that something was wrong.

"Agent Shadow, do you need a break?" Commander Towers asked the hedgehog quietly.

Shadow didn't hear him and continued his speech, his voice starting to falter. At last, his whole body shivered and he stopped talking all together, squeezing his eyes shut and hanging his head with his ears pinned to his skull. He couldn't hold it anymore.

The audience was silent as the loud sound of liquid hitting the floor resonated against the walls of the auditorium. Shadow dropped his flash cards and put his hands over his crotch, trying to stop the flow, but it was futile. His entire face turned red and he looked up at the audience, opening his eyes to reveal tears gathering at the brims as the urine continued to fall to the floor through his hands in front of his friends, coworkers, and boss.

Everyone was in shock.

Shadow the Hedgehog, GUN's best special agent, hero of the night, and guest of honor, was wetting himself on live television.

"Tails, help me get the curtains!" Sonic gasped, quickly standing up and rushing to the stage, he and Tails working together quickly to close the curtains and hide Shadow from view.

As soon as the curtains closed and he could no longer see the audience or the cameras, Shadow gave up his pride and started bawling, continuing to pee himself. He couldn't believe how much he was actually holding.

"Oh Shadow." Sonic cooed sympathetically as after another minute, the stream finally died down and left Shadow standing in an abnormally large puddle of urine. The blue hedgehog went over to the crying one and wrapped his arms over his shoulders in a comforting hug, petting his quills back. "It's ok. It's ok. Accidents happen buddy. It's not your fault."

"No. It's not ok." Shadow whimpered as the others finally made it onto the stage behind the curtains, with Rouge holding a large towel. "They caught that on camera! That was live! Everybody at home saw that! I'm gonna be the laughing stock of M-M-Möbiu-u-u-us!" As he said that, he started crying all over again. His friends all looked at him in pity as Rouge came up and tied the towel around the hedgehog's waist, hiding the wet legs.

"Shh. Shh. It's ok. It's gonna be ok." Sonic assured, wrapping an arm over his shoulders and gently guiding him away from the podium and backstage towards the exit. "Let's just get you home and get you cleaned up. Everything will be ok."

Shadow whimpered but didn't say another word as he allowed Sonic to guide him out the back door, with everyone else following close behind. As they got closer to the X-Tornado, a voice behind them called out and stopped them.

"Agent Shadow." It was Commander Towers.

"If you're coming to scold him, you can turn around and come back the way you came!" Knuckles growled protectively.

"Nonsense, I didn't come to scold." Towers shook his head. "I simply came to talk."

Shadow hung his head in shame, his ears pinned to his skull as he took the Medal of Honor off. "My apologies, Commander. I did not mean to create such a scene. It is disgraceful to an agent of my standards. I do not deserve this medal, sir. I am no hero if I cannot even control my own bladder."

Commander Towers smiled warmly and took the medal, placing it back over the red and black hedgehog's shoulders. Shadow was shocked. "But... why?"

"Anyone who thinks honor is more important than pride is worthy of this medallion." Towers explained. "Besides, your not the only agent in this company who has wet themselves."

"I... I'm not?"

"No, of course not. You'd be surprised by how many of my agents risked their bladders for their jobs."

Shadow blushed, looking away sheepishly. He felt a little better knowing that.

"Now go home and get cleaned up." Commander Towers ordered. "Come back in about a week and I promise you this will be all blown over."

Shadow nodded. "Thank you, sir."

As Commander Towers went back inside, Shadow's friends looked at him.

"Don't worry Shadow. Everything will be ok." Sonic said, wiping the tears away from the ebony's cheeks.

"But what about everybody else?" Shadow whimpered. "All the people that saw that on their televisions? Will they forget so easily?"

"Maybe, maybe not hun, but you shouldn't have to worry." Rouge said.

"Yeah, because you have us by your side." Tails nodded.

"And if anyone wants to cause any trouble for you over this, I'll pound them into the dirt." Knuckles promised.

"Ditto on that." Amy agreed.

"But... But why would you stick up for me?" Shadow was confused.

"Because like it or not Shadow, we're your friends, and that's what friends do, no matter what." Sonic explained. "We stick up for each other. We're there for each other. We comfort each other, through thick and thin." The blue hedgehog gently hugged him, quickly being joined by everybody else. "We're here for you, buddy."

Surrounded by his friends in a warm group hug, Shadow slowly smiled and purred, nuzzling into every one of them. "Thank you guys."

The End

