The Four Girls, FINISHED

Author: soo-pis-sed

*000*2022-11-23 15:44

That's something different from what I usually write so I'm not sure whether it's interesting to follow or not. If you want to find out what will happen, let me know :3

Four girls, Millie, Miki, Macy, and Mel, were sitting at a bar drinking beer.

They were best friends since high school and went out together pretty frequently.

They'd drunk quite a lot already, and Macy, a curvy redhead with green eyes, said that she needs to leave the company for a minute.

"Haha, you're always the first one to run to the bathroom!" Mel said in a tipsy voice. She was a tall, fit blonde, who liked to tease her friends sometimes, especially after a few drinks. "What a poor bladder control, Macy!"

"I'm not always the first, don't lie!" Macy immediately got defensive, as she couldn't stand being worse than others. "I don't need a bathroom, I just wanted to go outside for some air. But I changed my mind anyway."

Millie, also a tall but slightly chubby girl with dark brown hair and blue eyes, decided to interfere.

"Why are you so mean, Mel? We all need a bathroom every once in a while, even you."

"Even me... although I don't need it as fast as you girls. I have the best bladder control of us all, haha," Mel argued.

"Definitely not better than mine," Millie chuckled. "I worked in retail, remember? I'm used to holding my pee for the whole day. I can outhold any of you without even noticing."

"Hahaha, I don't think so, but you can prove it right now if you're brave enough. If I have to go to the bathroom before you, I'll admit my defeat," Mel said.

"No problem. Trust me, you'll go there five times before I need it even once."

Macy, who hated feeling like a loser, couldn't stand it. She may not have had such a trained bladder as Millie or such confidence as Mel, but it was crucial for her to always be the best in any situation that even remotely felt like a contest. It started at school, and even though it sometimes lead to unexpected consequences, it was just who Macy was.

"What if I outhold you both?" Macy said in an unhesitating tone.

"You? No way. I bet your bladder is already bursting!" Mel replied immediately.

Mel wasn't that far from the truth: Macy's bladder was uncomfortably full. She'd prefer to pee right now if it wasn't for the contest. She wasn't "bursting" though. Macy was pretty sure she would be able to hold it for another hour at least, although of course it wouldn't be easy at all...

"You've had as many beers as everyone here, so yours isn't empty either," Macy retorted. "So... we'll see."

Miki, a short, skinny girl with black hair, was silent. She was smaller than all of her friends, and her bladder was neither large nor well-trained. She was dying for a pee for half an hour at least but was too shy to admit it. When Macy was about to excuse herself, Miki was ecstatic because she could just silently follow Macy without mentioning that she goes to the bathroom. Now everything was ruined.

Edited November 24, 2022 by soo-pis-sed (see edit history)

*002*2022-11-23 18:27

So I guess you're interested... Well, I'll post the second part later today and the end tomorrow!

*004*2022-11-23 19:04

The waiter was passing by their table, so Mel ordered four more beers.

"Or maybe you shouldn't drink anymore, Millie?" she asked. "You're my only real competition, so you'd better slow down if you want to have a chance against me."

"I can have three beers for each one you have and still last longer than you," Millie replied and chugged a third of her new pint in one gulp.

Macy realized that even one more beer would really, really put her bladder to a test, and Mel wasn't going to stop at one. But there was nothing she could do. She had said out loud that she's as good at controlling her bladder as other girls, so it wouldn't make sense to drink less than others if she wanted to prove a point. So she grabbed her glass and drank some.

Miki was terrified. She could barely hold what was inside her now, there was simply no room there for more beer. But she didn't object to the improvised holding contest, therefore was kind of participating. Refusing a beer would be against the rules of the contest, she thought to herself, and reluctantly made a tiny sip from her glass.

...The girls finished their beers, and Millie decided it was her turn to order more. The conversation at the table died down. Everyone was pretty full by now, and it was too hard for the girls to concentrate on anything but their overstretched bladders, begging for relief.

It was a peculiar scene. Four young girls, who are supposed to be joyful and chatting all the time, were sitting in silence with serious faces, only exhaling loudly now and then.

Miki was beyond full, all that was keeping her from making a puddle under herself was shame. She couldn't believe it was possible for her to wet herself in front of everyone; at the same time she was afraid she wouldn't make it even if she gave up on that ridiculous contest she hadn't asked for and just ran to the bathroom. So she was glued to her chair, miserable and ashamed of the huge bladder bulge clearly visible on her slim body.

Millie, of course, wasn't in such a poor condition, but was having trouble as well. She didn't lie about her bladder being trained during her work in retail, but drinking beer wasn't the same as drinking only water, even for the whole day. It wasn't as easy for her to hold as she expected. She still was 100% sure she would outhold others, but now she realized it might take a fair amount of suffering.

Macy was definitely bursting now. She was secretly holding her crotch through her thin jeggings under the table, which wasn't very helpful, but she couldn't stop pressing on her peehole as if her hand could seal it. She knew she wouldn't be able to go on like this for long, and her only hope was that anyone would give up earlier. Still, she didn't even consider going first; at this point she'd rather blow up than let Mel be right about her.

Mel herself was having an extremely hard time. Her bladder suddenly filled way faster than she expected. She was calling herself every name under the sun for suggesting such a stupid contest. That goddamn bladder was killing her, aching, throbbing, and feeling like it's about to rip to pieces. She wished she could grab herself, but her skirt was knee-length, and there was no way to do it. So she was squirming, shifting her weight from thigh to thigh, swinging back and forth, but nothing seemed to help: she was about to piss herself.

Suddenly, an idea that seemed brilliant came to her drunken mind. There were some french fries on the table, so she took one, dipped it in ketchup, then dropped on her chest.

"Oh," she said in the most nonchalant voice she could manage, "I must go wash my blouse!"

Macy immediately reacted.

"What an unpleasant accident, isn't it, Mel? Okay, you can go, but I'll follow you to make sure you're not using it as a pretext to USE THE BATHROOM."

*008*2022-11-24 09:56

Mel was devastated upon realization that her plan failed.

"I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER, OKAY?!" she yelled. "Yes, I was going to go pee, and I'll go pee RIGHT NOW, because I just can't!!! Call me a loser if you want!"

Miki couldn't be happier that the contest had finished. She'd just go with Mel and finally let everything out.

Macy almost came when she realized that SHE DIDN'T LOSE.

Millie was glad too because the relief turned out closer than she expected. She wasn't going to gloat at a defeated friend, though. She knew Mel could sometimes bite more than she could chew, but they were friends, and Mel already admitted that she lost, so she could as well show some mercy.

"Hey, how about we all go together? I'm sure we're all dying for a wee. It doesn't matter who will actually pee first, we'll just all go to the bathroom right now."

Three other girls nodded cheerfully. Mel gave Millie the most grateful look, and all four stood up from the table.

At that moment, Miki leaked a little.

She froze on the spot, mortified. But she couldn't do anything. No matter how much she wanted to control herself and stop the pee from coming out, her tiny bladder was overfilled and couldn't hold it. She made the first step and leaked some more. It took her all her willpower to not just let go, instantly releasing all contents of her poor bladder. She was walking slowly behind her friends, leaking a bit with every step. She could only thank herself for wearing black tights that could perfectly conceal wetness.

...To say that the girls were not happy when they reached the bathroom is to say nothing. There were only two doors, with a desired toilet and a sink behind each of them, and there were already eight people in line. Not even a little corridor was there before those doors, so the line was clearly visible to everyone at the bar.

Mel moaned loudly.

"OH COME ON! I can't wait for so long! Please let me go first!!!"

"Not so fast, lady," someone in the line replied. "We all need it."

Mel was beyond the point of common decency, so she started a full-on pee dance. She was crossing her legs, bending almost in half, rubbing her knees, and constantly swearing under her breath. "Fuck I can't make it... Fucking shit... I'm not gonna fucking make it," she said again and again.

Millie was getting more and more desperate while standing. Her swollen bladder felt bulky, heavy and hard to touch like a basketball. She'd got a bit too inspired about the upcoming relief a bit too soon, and now the disappointment was making her desperation even worse. She was trying to stand still and not show the intensity of her urge, but kept swaying from side to side unconsciously, which was giving away her condition.

Macy was as close to wetting herself as never before in her adult life. She had to stop holding her crotch, as she didn't want to embarrass herself in front of everyone. She was doing her best to stand straight, but still performed a little pee dance, although not as much as Mel. Somehow she was still maintaining control over her extremely full bladder, but could lose it any moment now.

Miki was standing still, silently dying from shame. She was now leaking constantly. The stream wasn't that forceful, but she couldn't stop it anyway. Her black tights were soaked, also, there was piss in her shoes. She was afraid that her pleated skirt absorbed some of the liquid too, but was too scared to check.

The line seemed to not be moving at all. It was almost like everyone was forgetting about the long line of people behind them, suffering as much as they were themselves, the very moment they locked themselves in the stall. People were really taking their time there.

The four girls were standing in a sort of a circle, without lining up.

"So... Who will go first when it's our turn?" Macy asked.

"I will," Mel replied swiftly. "I was the first to admit that I need to pee, I'm already a loser here, so I can go."

"No, I'll go first," Millie said suddenly. "You said I was your only competitor, didn't you? Well, I won, and as a winner I'm granted the priority access to the bathroom."

"That doesn't work this way!" Mel exclaimed. "The loser is the person who goes first, so I go first."

"Maybe, but you agreed enthusiastically when I suggested that there should be no winners or losers."

"Millie, honestly, I don't care about that anymore, I fucking NEED to go first, otherwise I'll wet myself."

"I need to go too. And the whole contest was your idea, so if you wet yourself because of it, it will only be fair, won't it?"

Mel moaned loudly and squeezed her legs so tight they almost stuck together, but didn't say anything else.

It seemed like an eternity, but eventually the last two persons before the four occupied the stalls. Millie was ready to go next. So was Mel, though.

Finally, someone came out from one of the stalls. Millie took one step in... when Mel caught her by the belt and pulled back, making it indent into Millie's stomach.

"Don't press on my bladder, bitch, it will explode!" Millie exclaimed.

"I don't fucking care, LET ME GO FIRST!!!" Mel yelled.

Millie turned back and pushed Mel, but the door to the stall opened inwards and Mel was stronger, so she shoved Millie inside and locked the door behind both of them.

The very moment the lock clicked, Macy realized she couldn't hold it anymore. Not even another minute. The thought of peeing her pants when she already made it that far, and didn't even lose the contest, was killing her, but she couldn't regain control over her body no matter how she tried. Her exhausted bladder muscles were doing their best for this whole time, but now they were about to give up. In mere seconds. She was looking around frantically... and suddenly noticed a bucket left by the cleaner near the bathroom doors. There was still a dirty, stinky mop inside. At the last moment of hopeless despair, she grabbed it, threw the mop away, pulled down her leggings and sat on the bucket.

The sound of her stream hitting the bottom of the bucket was LOUD. She tried to slow down to make the noise a little more subtle, but couldn't do it once she let go. Every single person at the bar was looking at a girl relieving herself into a bucket in front of a bathroom door. But the feeling was so orgasmic that Macy didn't even care.

Meanwhile, the door of the second stall opened, and Miki could come in. First, she sat on the toilet and released everything that remained in her bladder. Then she checked her panties and tights. They were completely soggy of course. She inspected her short turquoise skirt, and luckily it was dry. Good that it wasn't tight and didn't press against her thighs too much, otherwise it would be damp too. Miki dried her shoes with toilet paper. She took off her tights and threw them into the trash can, hesitated for a moment and threw away her panties as well. She didn't want her skirt to absorb pee from the panties as soon as she took a seat. She was very self-conscious not wearing panties, but hoped no one would notice.

Things in the first stall were quite heated. Mel tried to get to the toilet first, but Millie was fighting her with one hand, at the same time undoing her pants and pulling them down with the other. In one last effort, she pushed Mel back, fell on the toilet and immediately released her powerful stream. "Fuck, it's coming out!!!" Mel screamed. She pulled her skirt up, panties down, and jumped on the sink. In a second, she was also relieving herself alongside with Millie.

Millie was pissing full force with her eyes closed, completely yielding up to her immense pleasure. Mel was trying to contain her flow and make it as weak as possible to make sure she won't pee all over the floor, whimpering and cussing from impatience to finally empty her bladder.

Soon both girls went out.

"What were you two doing there?!" Macy asked.

"We used the toilet in turns!" Mel replied quickly. Millie felt so amazing after her relief that she decided to be generous. She would keep Mel's pathetic pissing in the sink a secret, she decided.

Meanwhile, Miki appeared from her stall.

"Girls, our real hero today is Miki," Millie said. "She was holding it for this whole time without complaining and making a show."

Miki smiled feebly, unable to confess.

"Wait, Miki..." Millie asked. "Where are your tights?"

Miki never felt so ashamed of herself before. Her face and ears were red, tears of humiliation started running down her cheeks.

"I... I wet them. I'm sorry. I know it's gross."

"Miki, why? You could just go to the bathroom! You didn't sign up for the contest between the three of us!"

"I thought everyone had to participate..."

"Oh Miki, we're so sorry. We were being stupid, and failed you so bad. Come here."

All three girls hugged Miki, and she smiled happily, feeling less ashamed knowing that they don't judge her. It was a nice night out anyway, as long as she spent it with her friends.

THE END

*010*2022-12-09 10:37

{{1 hour ago, DespAndHold said:

Fantastic story and I must admit I enjoyed that the person who was over confident had to admit she couldn’t wait while those who’d already been about to head the loo when she called for the contest where still waiting.

I feel for poor Macy though as she had needed a pee before the city test started and waited until Mel admitted her control was inferior and yet the others forced their way to the loo first meaning she had to expose herself publicly.

}}

Thank you!

Yes, the whole situation was unfair to Macy. But don't worry about her too much, she took it as a fun adventure to remember with a good laugh rather than embarrassment 😉

*011*2023-02-18 16:47

Thank you @Bombality for this awesome illustration!!!

&&

