Jenny at The Festival - Party Girl Gives No Fucks

Author: SadisticSwitch

*000*2022-03-02 22:41

The story starts on a pleasant spring day as Jenny and a few of her friends (Laura, Cathi, Rachel) were on their way to a Goa dance festival. The festival lasted from Friday night until Sunday, and there was spacing for camping, dancing, hanging, and parking.

Jenny was blonde and about 5'3" and 24 years old, she was a nurse but liked to go out to parties with her friends on weekends. On this particular weekend, she had rushed to get ready after getting out of work late and managed to bring a spare shirt, a toothbrush, and 2 pairs of socks before literally running out of her door to get into Laura's car for the journey.

As the drive began, Jenny realized she had forgotten to go to the bathroom, she had also forgotten to even bring a spare pair of pants or panties. She realized immediately this was a mistake, because especially when she took drugs: she tended to impulsively pee her pants when had to go and felt relaxed. She was luckily wearing a pair of cyan-green Goa pants, so she figured most accidents would just wet her panties and run down her legs: it could be worse.

As they arrived at the parking spaced, Jenny was very already desperate when they arrived, and when they had stopped the car she jumped out along with Laura. Jenny asked Laura, " Where are the bathrooms here?" to which Laura replied, "There"s a single porta-potty and I am definitely going first, you usually end up with wet pants anyways so if you wet yourself no biggie: but I have appearences to maintain."

Jenny was slightly taken aback, replied "You won't get that without a fight unless you bribe me: go any molly?" Laura nodded and pulled out a tube with slightly opaque small white crystals, and took a very small one and gave it to Jenny. Jenny broke it into a fine powder to better guess its weight, and took what she thought to be about 75mg, about 1.2mg/kg. Although this is still a reasonable dose, it increased her heartrate directly and a warm relaxing feeling flowed through her within 10 minutes of putting it under her tongue. It was around this time that she noticed she had begun to pee herself, and that Laura had already left the porta-potty and let someone in while starting and laughing at Jenny peeing in her wafty Goa pants.

Jenny snapped back reality and was both excited and kind of horny, very aware of her wet crotch. She pulled herself together and stopped peeing, her pants wet around her crotch and down her left leg, and her underwear completely soaked. She tried to take the next place in line again, but was stopped by a henna redhead named Tania.

Tania said "No, you go to the back of the line, besides you already peed, everyone can tell" and laughed at her.

Jenny was not amused, and sternly told Tania "Yes, I already peed myself, but I like to see if the rest can't end up outside of my pants, can I please go in front of you? I really need to go still..." To which Tania laughed loudly and said "only if you pee your pants for 10 seconds while crouching on the ground in front of everyone in the line" smiling widely.

Jenny turned red but secretly loved the idea, she reluctantly agreed, crouched down, and began to pee through her panties and baggy pants as the small line snickered. Tania then went to the side and let her stand first in line, quickly snapping a picture of Jenny's wet butt to show her friends later.

As Jenny finally got to pull down her wet pants and panties and piss normally, she was determined to get back to Tania before the weekend was done, but first she would need to dance the piss out of her pants, so she returned with a big smile to her friends and they all went together to the dance floor.

To be continued....

*001*2022-03-03 21:48

Jenny, Laura, and thee others went to the dancing area to let off some energy. Laura enjoyed sort of provoking Jenny's accidents, she took a little sadistic pleasure in encouraging one of her best friends to wet her pants in front of them and others. She made sure Jenny always had a water, juice, or beer in her hand and was frequently toasting as they danced.

When Laura noticed Jenny starting to become pretty desperate, she thought of a funny offer, "Hey Jenny, you can have access to all my drugs all weekend if I get to decide when you get to use the bathroom and when you need to hold it until your pants become warm and wet."

Jenny barely hesitated, it sounded like getting a reward for doing something fun to her. She turned a little red and nodded to Laura, who wanted oral confirmation, "So you agree to let me decide when and if you get to use the bathroom in exchange for any drugs, drinks, or food you want?" to which Jenny smiked awkwardly and said, "Yes, I'm in."

This inevitably led to a very desperate Jenny on the dancefloor within an hour. As they were dancing rhythmically, Laura noticed Jenny's eyes go wide and her hand shoot to her crotch. Laura laughed, herself on MDMA and alcohol, and asked, "Did you just return your panties to their party state: wet?" to which Jenny shamedly replied, "Yes, but only a little, give me some more molly before I have to go through this sober." Laura laughed and asked "would you like to use the bathoom" as she prepared another small dose for Jenny. Jenny replied "Yes, please, may I" to which Jenny laughed and said "Of course not, you get to stay here and piss yourself!"

Jenny enjoyed every second of it, especially the combination of her high mixed with her desperation and lightly pissed panties. She couldn't help herself but to pee more as she danced, slowly creating a spreading circle of damp on the ground beneath where she was dancing. A few guys smiled at her, and even one tried to talk to her, but she had no intention of really interacting but instead just losing herself in the aesthetic. Eventually she was pretty soaked, and she went over to Laura and asked to use the bathroom. Laura laughed and said "It looks like you've been doing that the whole time, don't you just want to finish the job?"

Jen hesitated, she was already wet, and her friend was encouraging her to let it all go. She reluctantly gave in, sat down, closed her eyes, and began to let it all out. After a few seconds, as the puddle surely spread, she heard Laura and a few others laughing, As she opened her eyes, Laura reached down and pulled her up as she continued to pee. Both Jen and Laura were laughing hysterically as the puddle continued to grow around Jenny, and the girls hugged. After Jenny was done, Laura suggested they go sit by the fire to let Jenny dry off. So they moved smiling to the fire circle, Laura leading Jenny in her soaking wet pants.

To Be Continued...

*002*2022-03-06 22:37

At the fire, Jenny spread her leg wide towards the raging fire, showing off her wet pants for everyone to see. A few girls snickered and a few guys smiled lustfully. Laura asked if Jenny wanted anything, and she said she wanted a beer, a joint, and some water. Laura chucked, reached in her bag for a pre-rolled, and went to the bar area to get Jenny some drinks.

At the fire, Jenny was hanging out until Tania appeared. Tania went over to her friends a few spaces away from Jenny, who tried to get involved in the conversation of the clique on her other side, but Tania called "Hey Jenny!" and Jenny replied "Oh hey again Tania, wassup?"

Tania smiled and said "I just wanted to say I am so not surprised that you are sitting here in piss-soaked pants, I mean you've been pissing yourself all day" and laughed very loudly. A few others smiled and looked down.

Jenny didn't miss a beat "Yup, I've sacrificed my bathroom priviledge in a challenge, but you can see they're drying nicely from the fire and no one seems to mind."

Tania nodded, and said "Well if they're starting to dry, maybe you want to pee for 10 more seconds." Right at this second, Laura returned with drinks, handing them to Jenny, and answering "Ya, Jenny, don't you want to pee a little in your pants while we all watch? Show the newcomers why we call you Wetty Jenny sometimes."

Jenny smiled brilliantly, breathed in, closed her eyes, and began to pee. There were a few gasps and giggles as it started, but after about 5 seconds some snickering had gotten louder and Jenny felt ready to open her eyes. As she finished peeing she could see the amusement in the eyes of Tania, Laura, and a few others in the group, as well as a little bit of awkward disgust from a few who had turned themselves away. Many others seemed to not be able to care less about it.

She looked at Tania defiantly and asked "Happy now?" to which Tania replied "Yes," but before she could continue, Jenny interrupted to offer her own challenge: "How about you and I go shot for shot Tania, and you don't get to use the bathroom until 9 a.m. either."

Tania was a little unsure, she only had one other pair of pants with her but that should be enough for the weekend. Plus, she thought she could probably hold it and make Jenny pee herself a few times during it, increasing her humiliation. The idea turned her on a little, so she decided to take part, "I'm in, your pour the first round."

Jenny and Tania used a chair put between them in the circle to place shots, with bottles on the ground. The first round was of Tequila, the second round multi-vitamin juice, the third round water, the fourth round vodka, the fifth round whiskey, and sixth Jagermeister, and the seventh round water. Both girls were getting pretty full, both of alcohol and with regard to their bladders.

Tania drunkenly asked "What time is it?," to which Laura replied "Only 11:15, why, do you need to pee already?" and smiled widely.

Tania faltered, a little ashamed, and said "Well, uh, I'll be fine" and Jenny laughed, saying "Well, I do." Tania replied snarkily "Well, that isn't a big deal for you, everyone knows you pee your pants, you could just pee your pants the whole time while I hold until I maybe soak myself." Jenny smirked, replying "I could but I think it would be more fun to see which one of us can hold it so everyone can see you have the bigger mouth but smaller bladder, why not another water shot then another tequila?"

Tania turned a little red, then said "Let's do it," before pouring the shots. This continued back and forth for another half an hour, at which point Tania was really getting desperate. She looked at Jenny, who seemed almost relaxed, and asked while turning red, "Could I please go to the bathroom? I really need to go and it's only midnight..."

Jenny laughed and said, "It's going to be a long night for you then Tania, because the only place you'll be peeing until 9 is in your pants, I suggest you relax and take this beer and drink one with me." Tania was unsure, but she knew what she was getting into with this contest, and reluctantly took the beer. About halfway through the beer, Tania got wide eyes and Laura interrupted the chattere of the ground by point and saying "Oh, I think Tania is about to pee her pants!"

Tania's hand shot to her crotch to add pressure, but Jenny took her hand and said "No holding with your hands, come on, I"m only at a 8.5/10 and you are already peeing your pants?" Tania tried to say something, but her attempt to think and inability to hold herself only led to her losing control and peeing for about 5 seconds into her gray jeans, she gasped.

Jenny, Laura, and many others laughed as Tania momentarily lost control. Jenny smiled and looked at her, saying "If you already peeing your pants at a little past midnight, you might as well let go, you may end this night as wet as me" and winked.

Tania looked down at her wet crotch, up at the crowd around her, and down again at her wet crotch. She was ashamed, horny, and somewhat panicked. She looked to Jenny and asked, "If I soaked my pants now, will you pee yourself now too?" Jenny considered, but decided Tania had been a pretty good sport and had really followed through on her word, so she said "Yes, I will".

Tania relaxed, a little, leaned back in her chair and totally released her pee into her pants. After a few seconds, Jenny joined in, both girls making huge puddles under their chairs. A few drunken guys cheered and a few women laughed at the situation. After about a minute or two things had settled down, and Tania and Jenny had a new understanding, and shared a current state of soaked pants in the middle of a big party. It was only midnight of the first night, with the party going until Sunday evening. Tania considered that she could change pants, but then remembered that with only one pair left, totally drunk, and having to hold for another 9 hours that it was probably a safer bet to just stay in these pants until the ordeal was done, to the chagrin of anyone who wanted to laugh at her.

To be continues...

*003*2022-03-07 19:05

After the energy had come down following the big wetting, Jenny and Tania seemed to get along much better. Tania started feeling a little cold, Jenny was not as the byproducts of MDMA metabolism basically trigger adrenaline release and so elevated her body temperature. Tania asked, "aren't you cold at all Jenny? My wet pants are starting to cool off."

Jenny smiled and said "Actually, I am also on molly so I'm running hot, do you want to do some with me?" Although Tania usually didn#t do drugs, she thought for an evening with an exceptionally wet crotch that she may make a few other exceptions. She hesitated for a second then said "Yes, but only small dose," so Jenny took some of what Laura had given her and gave them both about 50mg. Tania remarked "That doesn't taste great," and Jenny replied "You should taste it when it isn't clean, this clear stuff is about as good as it gets. We should also be drinking water, rock paper scissors who needs to pee three seconds in their pants and then go get us water."

Jenny won the first round, Tania the second, and Jenny the third. Jenny immediately got up and began peeing into her pants when Tania interrupted her: "Wait, you won, I am the one who has to wet and get drinks," which caused them both to burst out laughing, causing Jenny to pee more and both to laugh more. Jenny sat back down in her soaking wet pants and watched as Tania proceeded to rewet her jeans for about 5 seconds, blushing slightly, then going to get drinks.

Jenny relaxed comfortably and cuddled up to Laura, as Tania dissapeared from the group. Tania was less than relaxed, acutely aware of her very wet pants as she left the fire group and went into the party towards the bar. She kept her hands in front of her crotch, trying to hide what was an enormous wet area that was far bigger than her hands. Most people paid no attention, but a few got shly smiles as she went by. She finally got to the bar, and ordered two big water bottles, to which the bartender replied, "Good call, given the condition of your pants maybe a little sobering up is in order" which made Tania turn red and look down, where she saw her very clearly wet jeans.

She paid the man, thanked him, and returned through the crowd to the fire pit. She went over to Jenny, who was now hanging with a few her friends and Laura. Jenny's friend Catherine, a busty redhead, who gleamed at her and said "I never thought I'd see you wetter than wetty Jenny, but here we are." and laughed loudly.

Tania took a seat next to Jenny at the fire, and tried to relax, but as the MDMA broke down and her adrenaline rose, she started to feel a little self-conscious and uneasy. She asked Jenny, "Do you have anything against kind of nervousness, it's like 1:30am and I slowly want to come down?" Jenny turned to Laura and looked at her sweetly and said "Please ms.pharmacist, do you have anything for Tania's nerves?"

Laura looked at her mischieviously, and said 'Since you both drank, benzos are out, but I do have someting interesting for you panty pissers: Levopromazine is an anti-adrenaline drug that shouldn't interest with anything else you've taken except blocking the byproducts of MDMA metabolism."

Both girls nodded, impressed with Laura's knowledge of pharmacology. But Jenny knew her friend and caught the mischievously look, so she asked about it, "And why do you look so mischievious Laura?"

Laura laughed, and then smiled, before explaining: "Well, it makes you relax and even deactivates the adrenaline receptors in your bladders: it definitely increases the chances of either of you wetting yourselves tonight."

To be continued...

*004*2022-03-08 22:55

Laura took out a 50mg levopromazine pill, and broke it in half, handing one to each girl. Cathi, part of Jenny's crew, asked to have one too, so Laura took a second from the pack and broke it in half. She put the other half in her bag,

The three girls swallow their half pills in unison, and Laura called for a round of shots and a bottle of juice. Things seemed pretty normal for the three girls for the first hour, although they slowly got less bothered by having to pee. The crowd around the fire changed out intermittently, and occasionally someone new would arrive and ask about the puddles, get told the situation and the story, and laugh for a bit.

Tania was glad she had taken the anti-adrenaline pill, as after an hour and a half she felt pretty relaxed indeed and was not triggered at all by people laughing about her wet pants. Jenny was also feeling it. The girl who was usually a bomb of energy was calmly sitting back in her chair, her bladder pretty full, but she could hardly bother to care. Cathi, meanwhile, was half-asleep on Laura's shoulder and her armrest.

Laura was getting a little bored, so she woke Cathi telling her to drink something, as she had indeed also drank alcohol earlier and would otherwise become dehydrated, especially next to the fire. Also, she wanted to see if Cathi bothered to go the bathoom like usual or would end up with wet pants in the morning. Laura found the idea amusing, so she suggested that Tania and Jenny also drink more water and juice.

At about two hours, so about 3:30 AM, Laura decided it would be fun to play a little game. She said, "Jenny, Cathi, Tania, want to play a little game?"

The three girls answered, Jenny after about a second, Tania about a second and a half, and Cathi took about 2 and half seconds to answer. Laura smiled, the three smiled back, and she stood up, moving towards the dance area that also borders the bathrooms, which are separated from the fire by the bar area. Laura then proposed "The first of you to get over here to me, gets my help to get to the bathroom, as soon as you get to me I will set a minute timer. After that point we come back, and if you are peeing at the moment I will rip you back up and help you back to the campfire. The other two can await bladder pushes by me when we return."

Normally, Kathi and Tania would never have participated, the same can't really be said about Jenny though. The three agreed, and Laura said, "Go!" and at first none of them moved. Laura laughed as Jenny stood up really slowly, and Tania grabbed her hand to help her stand up too. Cathi realized a little late, but managed to get up too.

It was at that moment that Cathi realized it had been a big mistake to not get up first. She realized she really had to pee, and also that her change of clothes was in Laura's car and Laura might require her humiliation before letting her have them.

As Jenny was about to grab Laura's hand, Tania pressed strongly on Jenny's bladder, causing her to double over and her crotch to become a little bit shiny, she was having trouble stopping her wetting so as Tania was getting Laura's hand, Jenny was struggling to keeo the new wet spot only watermelon sized. At first Jenny felt a litte betrayed, but it was also really hot and in line with how Tania can be, so she let it roll and decided to just completely wet herself. As Tania looked back to see if Jenny was ok, she saw her grinning and soaking her pants and decided she had made an acceptable move.

Tania was desperate and it felt odd to be dragged by the hand through the dance floor to the bathrooms. They winded through various groups and dancing individuals, Tania started to spurt into her pants as they were only halfway through. Tania screamed, to be heard above the noise, and said to Laura "I am already wetting myself here, can we go any faster?" to which Laura screamed back, "Well, we've already used about 22 seconds of your minute, so come on, we'll hurry a little."

The two went as fast as possible through the crowd, but because Tania was on Levopromazine and also very desperate, they were not particularly fast. They arrived at the bathrooms with about 10 seconds left. Tania entered into the makeshift bathroom and Laura came in after her. She was so desperate she didn't even remember the bet at that second. She began to pee, total ectasy and relief at being able to let it out outside of her pants, and then "woosh" Laura was pulling her pants back up and her off the toilet. The only problem is that Tania was still peeing.

Tania managed to creak out a "wait" as Laura rebuttoned her pants, and took her by the hand back into the crowd but this time by the bar. Tania had one hand on her crotch and was actively leaking while trying to hold back the flood. A few people snickered as she went past, clearly leaving a small trickle as she went by, all the way back to the fire area.

When they arrived, Jenny was rolling a joint and Cathi was laying on the ground next to her, with a few jackets under torso to help keep her warm and more comfortable. Tania went to sit down, still intermittently leaking. Laura laughed seeing that her crotch continued to be as wet as by the bathrooms.

Laura decided to teach a little something and humiliate Tania a little more for pushing on her friend's bladder, she loudly said, "Tania, you wonder why you can't stop pissing yourself now? I mean usually you aren't just wetting your pants the whole time" and laughed.

Tania blushed and relaxed, she didn't care that much, but she said, "Yes, I am not sure I've had this before."

"Well," said Laura, "It's a combination of a few things, you have made your bladder very tired by holding until wetting so many times this evening. At the same time you have taken a drug to inhibit your adrenaline and so you can't hold like usual. The funniest part is that the half-life of this drug is like 10-18 hours so this might be the beginning of a very wet weekend for you too. Now it's time for the bladder pushes"

Cathi sighed loudly, and asked, "After, will you help me find the bathroom? With no timer? I really need to go but I don't want to soak myself entirely."

Laura sympathized with her, and said "Sure, but first I am going to push on your and then Jenny's bladders." Laura leaned over Cathi, and waited for Kathi to breathe out, and pushed directly down on Cathi's bladder. Cathi squaked and she pulled her legs together as a wet spot the size of an apple emerged. Laura laughed and said, "Ok Cat, now just try not to get any wetter while I do it to Jenny", to which Cat nodded.

She went over to Jenny, who said "Actually, I am pretty empty, I mean look at my pants", and showed off how soaked she was. Laura agreed, and went to sit down and watch Tania continue to trickle into her pants intermittently, figuring she will help Cathi out in a minute.

To be cotninued...

*005*2022-03-09 14:22

*I apologize for the typos, I write these as one-shots. If you want more detail on how I imagine the characters or the area, please let me know. I try to write to leave non-character and action details for the reader to largely imagine. I am not highly experienced but I enjoy writing so I encourage readers and other writers to give me tips. I enjoy this as a hobby and would like to get better at it. At the end I want to talk a little bit about pharmacology and wetting as it is a topic I have read quite a bit into*

Laura chuckled as Tania continued to drink and occasionally unconsciously spurt more into her already wet pants. After a few minutes she suddenly remembered about Cathi, she got up and looked down at where Cathi had been laying. To here chagrin and surprise, Cathi's wet spot had grown to the size of a basketball and there was a little puddle underneath her. Cathi seemed reasonably relaxed given the context, although she was blushing still as Laura helped her up.

Cathi smiled with a hint of embarassment and Laura gave her a small hug, and then led her past the bar towards the bathrooms. Cathi was somewhat unsure and humiliated, she said, "I haven't peed my pants in years, and I am pretty wet, thanks for helping me to the bathroom." Laura smiled back at her and said "Of course, sorry that I got distracted first and you peed more in your pants. But hey, it'll dry and I will help you get your change of clothes tomorrow morning, tonight you can just relax... your pants will never end up as wet as Jenny's this weekend anyways" and they both laughed.

They arrived without incident at the bathrooms, at about 4 a.m. most people were barely paying attention to anything. If they had looked hard enough, they would have noticed that a reasonable number of party guests had tiny wet spots at this point, but luckily for all of them it was pretty dark. Cathi came back out looking relaxed, both of them smiled, and Cathi said "A wet spot isn't that bad, I don't really mind, it's been an interesting experience so far to participate in your games." Laura was touched, and said "I appreciate your trusting me and participating, and don't be too surprised if you wet in your sleep tonight." Cathi blushed, nodded, and took Laura's hand to go back over the bar to the fire area.

Meanwhile, Jenny had been busy smoking and talking with Rachel, enjoying the total relaxation and the warm fire on her soaking wet pants. Laura and Kathi sat down by Jenny, Tania, and At this point no one around the fire was surprised if someone wet their pants, as it had been going on for hours at this point. A few guys and girls had remained since midnight to watch, but slowly they were getting tired as well.

Jenny was happy, relaxed, excited to go to bed with a full bladder to see what would happen. She made it a game to slightly wake and remind Tania to drink something every 15 minutes, resulting in Tania creating a small inadvertent puddle about every half an hour. By 5:15 A.M. Laura got the group up, taking Tania with them since it might be awkard to send her to her friends while she was peeing her pants every half an hour, after all Laura had helped put her in this state.

Luckily Laura had a big tent that could easily fit 6 people, and even adding Tania to the mix gave them enough space. Laura put out the mats, making sure to put a plastic tarp over 1/2 of the tent floor where she would put Jenny, Tania, and Cathi. Rachel was still at the party, and anticipating her return soon, Laura put her prospective space closer to the entrance so she wouldn't step on anyone coming in. She instructed everyone to drink a little bit and eat a banana before bed so they could have some blood sugar and not get dehydrated. Then Laura turned out the lamp she had hung from the ceiling, said "Goodnight girls, try not to wet the bed!"

Tania was essentially asleep the second she hit the mat after drinking some water, she felt comfortable and tired, and didn't even care that she had to pee or that her crotch was soaked. Cathi had started to dry off mostly, and settled into her sleeping area, wishing Laura and the others a good night as well. Jenny was happy, exhausted, wet, and excited, never having wet in a group like this before. Jenny smiled slyly and put Tania's hand on her crotch, which got a strange look for Laura, causing Jenny to explain "This way, if she pees by accident the warm pee will go over her hand and maybe make her pee more. Maybe it'll be a chain-reaction" and both laughed and Laura nodded. The two went to sleep next to each other, with Laura on the unprotected tent floor and Jenny on the tarp with Cathi and Tania towards the back. Soon, all 4 were asleep, but this was in not quite the end of the night's events, and a whole day and a half remained of their festival.

To be continued...

*006*2022-03-09 21:22

The sun started to come up, and Rachel was one of only a handfull of people still left, a few on the dance floor and a handfull by the fire. Rachel had flowing black hair and a calm demeanor, she had been hanging with the fire group since Jenny, Cathi, Tania and Laura had left, primarily with a friend of Tania's named Amanda, who was tall with blond hair.

As the sun got brighter and the day started, the last people awake started moving towards their tents or the dance floor to try to make it into the new day. Amanda looked around and became concerned, asking Rachel "Do you know what happened to Tania? I haven't seen her in at least an hour and I didn't see her go towards our tent."

Rachel had only tangentially even noticed all the pants wetting happening around the fire, having spent most of her time dancing and only going to the fire later. She did notice that Tania left with her group, and told Amanda, "I think she went with my group, we have a 6 person tent and maybe she was kinda fucked up so they took her with them to make sure she was ok. We can go check on them if you want?"

Amanda didn't know what else to do at that hour, and it was too early for dancing for her. The two traveled to Laura's tent, and were met with the slight smell of piss as they stuck their heads through the unzipped door. They immediately spotted Tania in the back, with her pants totally soaked, her hands between her legs, and a puddle underneath her that appeared to be slightly growing as they watched astounded. Amanda burst out laughing, pulling out her phone to take a picture of Tania, which Laura and Rachel initially objected to but were subdued by Amanda informing them that was normal in their particular circle to document each others humiliation.

Laura got out of bed and went to the door to talk to Rachel and Amanda. Rachel went in and started to get ready for bed, she did not care that Cathi had a basketball size wet spot and that Jenny was sleeping deeply in a decent puddle.

After taking a few pictures of Tania and a small video documenting how she was actively wetting herself in her sleep, Amanda's face lit up and she pulled a key to a small padlock on her hip. She opened the padlock and looked at Laura and said "I am going to lock Tania's pants shut so she'll need to find me to take them off."

Laura replied "That's not really cool, as funny as that is that's not ok," to which Amanda replied "Except she did it to me two years ago when I was 18 when we had been drinking together at her place.' She opened her phone and went to her photos and picked one way back in her list, saying "Here, this is me passed out in wet pants with a lock on them from her, so this is only fair, in fact could you video me doing it? I want to send it to her so she'll know where to find the key when she wakes up" and laughed darkly and then joyously. Laura hesitated, looked at the picture again, and then said "Sure, why not, it might not even be the weirdest thing to happen this weekend" and they both chuckled.

Amanda handed Laura her phone, and smiled to the camera, saying "Remember how Tania locked me in my wet pants two years ago? Well, look. at. her. now" pointing at Tania's crotch and saying "Zoom in, zoom in, and now watch this as I lock this bitch in her wet pants with her full bladder, in her sleep" and laughed as she locked the opposing belt loops around the main button together to prevent her from taking her pants off. She then pressed on Tania's bladder, causing her to let out a little 'frmph' and a visible stream in her pants and causing the puddle to grow and wet the bottom of her sweatshirt.

Amanda laughed loudly and Laura laughed too, signalling to Amanda to wrap it up, who ended it with saying "So Tania the BedWetter, sleep well in your puddle and enjoy the start of you day." and smiled widely, Laura pressed stop and handed her back her camera. They both looked over as Tania was more or less from waist to socks. Amanda thanked Laura for her help, and went on her way.

Laura turned to Rachel, who was laying in her bed, and said "What an odd day, huh," to which Rachel replied, "At least a weird end/start of one" and they both laughed.

Laura laid down next to Jenny, careful not to get onto the wet tarp and glad she had given herself and Rachel the highground in the tent. She whispered to Jenny, "Need to pee?" to which Jenny weakly answered "Umhm," with Laura asking "Want me to help?" and Jenny saying "Mhm." So she wrapped her arm around Jenny's middle, and pushed in on her bladder as she started to fall asleep. Hearing and a long hissing noise as she hugged Jenny closer. Jenny chuckled a little, embracing the warmth, and the two fell asleep cuddling. Rachel relaxed, chuckled as Jenny peed herself, and fell asleep like the others, glad that the tent was made of a dark material.

To be continued...

*007*2022-03-10 17:26

While Jenny and her group fell asleep, Amanda left their tent chuckling, she watched the movie again on her way back to her luxury tent. Amanda was extremely rich, she had inherited over 50 million dollars when her grandmother died and she lived in a beautiful two-story apartment in the city. She realized on her way back that one thing she hadn't bought was the dignity of her friends. Being somewhat of a psychopath, Amanda saw absolutely no issue in potentially paying or bribing them into humiliating themselves, after all: they were getting money or favors out of it!

She entered the tent with a dirty look in her eyes, as she got in, her friends Saskia, Kayla, and Pauline looked up from their foldable table containing cups, alcohol, and little bowls containing different drugs: MDMA, amphetamines, xanax to be specific. Amanda sat down next to the table, laughed, and mixed some amphetamine with MDMA (which would lead to very high dopamine levels since amphetamine is a dopamine releasing agent and MDMA is also a dopamine transporter inhibitor) and took it through her nose using her personally engraved glass straw.

Saskai, with silky brown hair and perky breasts, asked her, "What's going on? What did you do?" It was clear to everyone in the circle how Amanda was, and once she got "in the zone," it could be hard to get her into a different mindset. She could be very nice, but without sleep and on some kind of sadistic trip, especially on molly and speed, this could be the recipe for not-so-wholesome behavior.

Amanda stared Saskia in the eyes very intent, and said, "Well, I just got Tania to pee in her pants in her sleep after locking her pants shut. I took the key with me, it's all on video, and I think I am in the mood for some more fun!"

Saskia, Kayla, and Pauline exchanged somewhat worried glances, but Amanda was known for compensating for her behavior with financial generosity, so as long as it didn't go TOO far they were mostly willing to play along.

Amanda looked at the three intently, a little too intently for only 8 in the morning, and asked "So any of you guys want to earn some money humiliating yourselves for my amusement? Bonuses for good performance" and laughed viciously.

Saskia swalloed, overcoming her worry, and replied, "Sure, what did you have in mind," shortly followed by Pauline who said "Maybe," and Kayla who said "Not today Amanda, I think I'll sit this one out."

Amanda stared at Saskia, and smiled as she said "So I think you'd look good with no shirt or bra until sundown, and I think you should be drinking more withouth going to the bathroom until 9pm."

Saskia first looked a tiny bit shocked, then a little embarassed at the thought, then she replied "Ok, $1000 for each task, so $2000 to do this party topless with eventually wet pants" she blushed a little at saying the sentence.

Amanda rolled her eyes and said, "Done, how much to buy your change of pants and panties?" she grinned mischeiviously. Saskia hesitated, and said "$1000 for each," to which Amanda quickly replied "$1000 for your spare pair of pants, $800 each for your two pairs of panties."

Saskia agreed, a little excited at making close to $5000 this weekend, but a nervous about having to dance topless in front of everyone until she wet her pants.

Amanda then turned to Pauline, and said "Same offer." which Pauline directly replied "No thanks" to. Amanda looked a little annoyed, and said "How much to buy your bathroom priviledges?" to which Pauline replied nervously, "At least $500 an hour with a max of 3-4 hours."

Amanda thought about it for a second, and said "Only if you drink this half liter by 10am, so in an hour and half, and another half liter by 2.5 hours" Pauline shrugged and said "Sure," which made Amanda happy, and she smiled. She looked over to Saskia and said, "Your clothes, Saskia?"

Saskia took off her top, and then her bra, exposing her perfectly formed but reasonably small breasts. She went to her bag and took out her change of pants and panties, and handed it all to Amanda, who locked it in her travelling safe. Amanda smiled, laughed and said "If your breasts were only a little smaller you could maybe pass ad s really cute guy on the dancefloor." Saskia sat back down, little a little embarassed, as Amanda went to the solar-powered refridgerator and grabbed them each a beer and a water.

Kayla looked somewhat mockingly at Saskia and Pauline, who smiled slightly and looked down a bit. Amanda laughed at popped open a water and started to drink, keen to not get dehydrated after taking drugs. Saskia and Pauline opened their waters as well and started to drink nervously, as Kayla popped open her beer and leaned back to watch.

Things at the Amanda camp proceeded onward with smalltalk, with Amanda reminding Pauline and Saskia to drink up. By about 10:05, both Pauline and Saskia had finished their waters, and Amanda got up to get them juice for electrolytes and another water for their challenge. She may be kind of psycho but she did care about her friends, and would never post her video online despite intending to show it to friends in front of Tania later.

By 11am both Saskia and Pauline were getting very desperate, and Amanda could tell. Even Kayla found it funny how Saskia was holding herself in her gray jeans, trying to also use her arms to cover her erect nipples. Pauline had one legg crossed under the crotch of her white shorts. Amanda decided it was the right time to go dancing, "Alright girls, let's go dancing now" she proclaimed and stood up.

Saskia stood up quickly too, but just as quickly regretted it, she spurted into her panties and gray jeans for 2-3 seconds leaving a small but visible stain about the size of a dollar. Amanda and Kayla laughed seeing this happen, and Saskia turned red. Pauline didn't really react, fearing her fate would soon be similar.

Amanda motioned for them to leave, and the three girls followed Amanda out into the fresh air and sun. It was approaching 11:40 and many of the people who had gone to sleep at around 3 were already up, eating at the bar and dancing on the dancefloor. Saskia was insecure with her breasts exposed and wet spot on her pants, she felt extremely exposed and humiliated. As they approached the dancefloor, another spurt escaped into Saskia's pants, and she knew her wet spot had expanded. Meanwhile, Pauline was managing to follow and only having min-spurts, with only a quarter sized wet spot on her white shorts.

Amanda reached the dancefloor and turned around smiling, laughing hysterically as she saw that Saskia had peed more into her pants and was standing there awkwardly trying to hide both her chest and her crotch. Amanda eyed both Saskia and Pauline, telling Pauline, "Don't forget to drink girl" and grabbing Saskia by the hands and saying, "Come, dance with me!"

As soon as Saskia started dancing, she started losing control spurt by spurt. Amanda found the whole thing beyond hilarious, and stared into Saskia's eyes as they danced together. Kayla laughed too and grabbed Pauline to come dance with the others. Pauline had been trying to hold herself and remain unnoticed, but being pulled into the crowd caused her to pee into her shorts for a few seconds at a time and causing a visible stain.

Saskia couldn't help but notice that many people were staring at her, some of them pointing. She felt very self-conscious but also kind of excited being the center of attention. She had no idea whether it was because she was topless or because she had soaked her pants on the dacefloor at this point, but she decided to try to enjoy what she could of the humiliating experience. Pauline on the other hand, was mortified as more pee came out, soaking her shorts and trailing down her legs. Kayla saw this and rubbed Pauline's back saying "It's not that bad, just dance it off, the sun will dry and you, unlike Saskia, actually get to go change in like an hour." Pauline smiled slightly, lookded down at her wet pants, and meakly started to dance dance.

Meanwhile, at about noon, Laura and Rachel began to wake up first. The sun was bright and neither of the two had taken any downers, so after a solid sleep cycle they slowly regained consciousness. The two made eye contact, and sat up, Laura smiled and said, "Heh, what a crazy night, let's survey the damage."

Laura pointed at Jenny, laying in a puddle with soaking wet pants, and said "Well, Wetty Jenny ended the night in a puddle, as usual." Rachel replied, "What isn't usually is Cathi asleep with a visibly wet crotch" They both laughed, and Laura said "Ya, that's a little my fault, I didn't get her to the bathroom fast enough when she started to lose control and it seems her wet crotch is self-sustaining in her sleep" and both laughed more. Both moved their eyes to Tania, who was completely soaked and lucky that it was so warm outside. Laura commented "She won't be happy to find out she can't even pee normally when she wakes up since her psycho friend locked her pants shut." Both chuckled, and Laura said, "Maybe we should wake her up," to which Rachel replied, "In a minute, let's just chill for a little first" and started to roll a joint.

To be continued...

*008*2022-03-10 22:20

Laura and Rachel smoked the joint and recounted of their experiences the night before. Laura told Rachel about Jenny and Tania's adventures culminating in them and Cathi taking some Levopromazine, and Rache told Laura about Amanda and her rich-girl background.

Laura laughed and said "What a weird night and or morning," she pointed at Jenny "but waking up to Wetty Jenny in a puddle of her own piss is relatively normal on a Saturday" and both laughed. Lauren then pointed at Tania who was now grabbng her wet crotch, asleep in a big puddle. Laura said "we should really wake her up before she makes her puddle even bigger, come on" and they both went over to where Tania was sleeping on the tarp. Laura said, "she certainly won't be happy when she realizes she can't even pee normally since psycho bitch locked her pants," to which Rachel replied, "True," noticing that she had to pee too since waking up.

Laura leaned down, tapped Tania on the shoulder and said "Wake up Tania, time to wake up" and Tania said "mhmmph," which made Laura laugh a little, repeating "Come on Tania, wake up," to which Tania just replied, "Water, give me some water" and Laura complied. Tania drank a few gulps and laid back down, causing Rachel to sternly say, "Tania you need to get up, you're sleeping in front of all of us in a puddle of your own piss," which got Tania's attention.

Tania slowly raised her head, looked down at her puddle, and stood up more quickly than she should have and noticing just as quickly that her bladder was very full while her capacity to hold it pretty low, she winced and grabbed her crotch as a decent leak splashed around her hand for a few seconds.

Laura laughed at Tania, and said "Ya, that's been happening a lot to you this weekend," to which Tania first blushed and then looked down and asked, "Why are my pants locked? I need to pee! Didn't I win my bet?" Laura quickly explained, "Well, you won the bet with us but the lock is from your friend Amanda, check your phone, she sent you a video."

Tania tugged on her pants, and then took out her phone which was thankfully waterproof. She saw a new message from Amanda, and watched the video, turning red as the part came where Amanda pushed on her bladder and she peed in her sleep. She turned to Laura and Rachel, saying "As you can see, Amanda can be kind of... difficult... especially if she gets in one of her moods she's hard to get out of it. I might need your help to get this key."

Laura and Rachel nodded, with Laura saying, "We'll help you out, if she wants a prank war she might just get one. But if you can, try not to pee your pants again until we get outside, there's enough piss on this tarp." Tania blushed heavily and apologized, saying "I didn't mean to, I am sorry, I will try and hold it in until we at least.. get outside" and all three laughed, and Tania felt safe but humiliated, and she had to pee very badly still.

Laura then went over to Jenny, followed by Tania and Rachel. Laura bent down and said "Hey Jenny, time to wake up" and Jenny just said "mmm" and nothing more. Laura then reached over and pushed on Jenny's bladder. Jenny breathed in very quickly, and a surge of pee escaped into her pants and further increased the size of her puddle. Laura laughed and repeated, "Jenny, wake up or I am going to do that again and make you wet yourself even more in front of all your friends." Jenny smiled and said, "I think I've done that enough for this morning" and sat up, urine dripping from the bottom of her shirt and back of her pants. Jenny then stood up, causing a small flood from her pants to the floor, making everyone laugh.

Jenny proceeded to take off her pants, saying, "I need to let this dry in the sun so that I can have dry pants tonight, otherwise it'll be difficult to keep my bet of not using the bathroom," she smiled at Laura, and continued, "speaking of which can I have a hit of Emma and some juice."

Laura laughed and nodded, replying "Of course, but do you really want to run around in just soaking wet underwear in front of everyone?" and Jenny nodded, saying "Better than being stuck in wet pants for days, and they can laugh if it makes them happy."

Laura stood up again and moved towards the door, looking one last time at Cathi and her basketball sized wet spot and saying, "Cathi is fine, she can sleep, we will get back to her later, we need to go find Amanda and that key."

The group departed with Laura in the lead followed by Jenny in wet panties and her slightly wet top, Tania with her hand jammed in her wet crotch, leaking every third step, and making a swishing noise as her soaking wet pantlegs rubbed past one another, and lastly Rachel in her bluejeans.

Laura and the group went past the bar, where several guys whistled, cheered, and pointed at Jenny, who smiled and waved back, unsure whether they were celebrating her wearing no pants or the fact she was visibly wearing underwear that were soaked with piss. The rag-tag group approached the dancefloor, and a few dozen feet away they could see a topless girl in clearly wet pants, soaked down to her knee, dancing with an awkward girl in wet white shorts. Tania laughed hysterically and told Jenny, Rachel, and Laura: "I know those girls, they're friends of mine. The topless jeans wetter there is Saskia, and the one in the white shorts is Pauline! This must mean Amanda has gotten on some weird omo-sadistic trip after making me wet my pants, this could be interesting."

As everyone was about to go over to Saskia and Pauline, Rachel informed the others, "I actually really need to pee, and prefer it isn't in my pants," she laughed, "I will see you guys on the dance floor later."

Rachel went over towards the bathrooms to discover a huge line, at least 50 people were waiting for the bathroom... she had never seen a line like it. She got in the back and noticed Amanda further up on the side, seeming to argue or debate with a black girl named Chanel, she listened more closely, hearing Chanel say, "That's not enough, I really need to go, $100 is too little to go to the back after you paid all those people to just stand in the line!" and Amanda replying, "Then $200, but you see how many are in front of you so I'd take the deal before your jeans are just wet and you just as poor." Chanel reluctantly agreed, took the cash, and went to the back of the line behind Rachel while holding her crotch and clearly trying not to leak into her white sweatpants.

Rachel continued to watch as Amanda saw another desperate girl in the middle of the line, and went over to a thin black haired Turkish girl named Sid, who was already holding herself in her yoga pants. Amanda said to her, "It looks like you are already pissing your pants and there are at least 20 people in front of you. Take this $100 and go to the back of the line, at least you make some profit then." Sid seemed unsure, but didn't think she would make it and could definitely use the money, she took the cash and was about to leave when Amanda tapped her on the shoulder and said "Take and drink this water bottle in the line and I will give you another $100 when you get to this point in the middle of the line again." Sid blushed and nodded, taking the bottle and going towards the back. Rachel saw Sid coming, holding the water bottle in one hand and her crotch in the other, with visible wet stains already going partly down her thighs. She took her space behind Chanel.

To be continued...

*009*2022-03-12 00:55

Meanwhile, at approximately 1pm, Laura, Jenny, and Tania reached Saskia and Pauline, who were dancing together to avoid the prying eyes of those dancing next to them. Both Saskia and Pauline looked humiliated, smiling halfway with reddened cheeks and somewhat nervous eyes. You could see Pauline's purple panties through her wet white shorts that were only dry at the top and sides.

Tania stepped forward to interrupt their dance, pulling Saskia towards her and displaying her exposed breasts to the group. Saskia was shocked and tried to hide her breasts from Laura and her group who were all watching with a highly amused look on their faces. Saskia looked down at her visibly wet jeans, and Tania said, "Ya, we can see it too, but look at mine," causing Saskia to look up and see that Tania's jeans were literally soaking wet and padlocked shut. Saskia laughed and asked, "Amanda?" to which Tania replied, "Ya, she even videoed herself making me pee myself after locking my pants in my sleep, she'll surely show you if she hasn't yet."

There was a short moment of silence as Saskia worried that she, too, would be repeatedly humiliated by Amanda for what she was doing. Laura interjected to keep the conversation moving, "So do you either of you want a drink? I got juices, beer, or wat..." Tania quickly interrupted, "Yes, give us all a juice and a water please, and do either of you two know where Amanda is with the key?"

Pauline and Saskia accepted the drinks, and they all went to the side of the dance area to talk better. As they approached the side, Saskia's nervousness turned into panic as her tired and full bladder let out several spurts and somewhat resoaked her jeans a little in front of everyone. She quickly apologized, saying "Sorry, I just couldn't hold it, I am doing a dare for $5000 to hold it topless until sundown." Jenny laughed and said, "That's a great deal, I've been peeing myself all weekend for free!" to which they all laughed, Jenny continued, "And right now, I have no pants, and if you give me $100 of your dare, I'll go topless with you, too."

Saskia smiled and didn't hesitated to say, "Definitely," and they shook hands. Saskia felt relieved that others were willing to partake in the humiliation, partake in her shame and not leave her alone with it. Jenny, meanwhile, loved to provoke the shame of others and was excited to take things up another notch and ONLY wear wet underwear at the party.

Tania, who had been watching this, felt her own desperation become much more urgent as another spurt escaped her control and pressly warmly out from her urethra down her thighs. She grabbed her crotch to hide the most recent damage, and interrupted their moment to ask again, "I am glad you guys are having a moment but I am over here peeing my pants for no money, and I would really like to know where to get my key."

Laura, Jenny, and Saskia laughed, Pauline sympathized with her frustration as her own bladder threatened to release some of its pressure in her pants, and smiled meekly. Saskia responded first, saying "I think she is out playing sadist near the bathrooms, I thought she'd be back by now to be honest. She''s been gone like an hour"

###

Meanwhile, at approximately 1:30 PM, Amanda was in fact over at the bathrooms playing sadist. She had successfully gotten 6/10 desperate girls to give up their places in line and go to the back with a bribe, although a few less desperate people were scattered between them in the line. Rachel was still dry but nearing her limits, actively holding herself at this point and with about 2/3 of the line still in front of her. Behind Rachel, Chanel was not doing as well: her white sweatpants had become gray on the inside of her thights all the way down to her knee, and she had been making nervous conversation with Rachel as Sid stood behind her silently, with her pants in her crotch, looking down, trying to hide her ever-growing wet spot as she nursed the water bottle Amanda had given her.

Sid let out a gasp, and Rachel and Chanel turned around to see her pee spurt out around her hands and completely drench her legs down to her socks. Sid held back tears, saying "And I still need to finish this water bottle and get to the middle of the line to get paid. I was only 1/3 from the bathrooms, I probably could have peed in the bathroom, this is humiliating."

Rachel pulled herself together, taking Sid's hand and saying, "It's totally ok, one of my best friends, Jenny, she has been peeing her pants at this festival literally all day and night since we got here and no one really cared. Another girl, Tania, got locked her own wet pants by that Amanda over there. You are in no way, shape or form, going to the laughing stock here. I mean Chanel already peed herself too."

Chanel looked at Rachel first annoyed, but then cracked a smile and said, "That's true, and this doesn't happen at a normal festival for me so consider yourself in a wetter state but at the right place." All three of them laughed, during which Rachel had gotten distracted from controlling her bladder, and a very small spurt of piss escaped into her tan underwear, barely visible on her jeans.

Amanda noticed the slight change in Rachel's posture as she lost control for a second, and like a shark smelling blood she went over to see if she could somehow make the situation more uncomfortable. She smiled widely as she noticed Chanel's wet and Sid's soaked pants, still about 3/5 of the line from the bathrooms. Amanda approached and offered Rachel a half liter water bottle, which she politely declined with "No thanks," eliciting the immediate answer of Amanda, "How about for $100 if you drink it before you reach the bathroom?" to which Rachel replied, "No thanks," and Amanda looked at her very intensely and said sternly but with a smile, "We all just saw that you peed a little bit in your jeans already. You won't make it. Why not just drink some water along the way and make some money? $150." Rachel considered her point, and said, "Make it $200 and I'll drink it," Amanda agreed, and gave her the bottle and the cash.

Right at the moment Rachel, Amanda, Chanel, and Sid heard Tania scream in the near distance, "Amanda, we need to talk." Amanda smiled at Rachel and said, "Have fun, see you later in the line" and moved to talk with Tania and Laura, as Jenny had remained to dance with Saskia and Pauline. Rachel waved to Laura and Laura waved back and smiled for a second before then looking sketpically at Amanda.

Amanda approached the annoyed Tania with a large smile, saying, "I love what you've done with your pants! It's a graet look for you" and laughing hysterically while pointing at Tania's soaked jeans. Tania moved closer to Amanda with balled fists, and while annunciating every word, "Give. me. the. key... now!" and Amanda laughed hysterically again. Amanda then stood upright and looked Tania right in the eyes, saying, "I think the lock on your pants is a good addition. Since you've been doing all this for free, how about you just continue for a few more hours and I will give you $1000 to make good."

Tania calmed down, and considered for a second. She looked at Laura, who shrugged, and then looked again at Amanda and said "Ok, but only for a few more hours, like 5pm," to which Amanda said, "Ok, then see you later," pushing once on Tania's bladder with enough force to cause a torrential wave to explode into Tania's pants. Tania gasped and grabbed herself, trying to stop the flood in her pants. Amanda laughed loudly and returned towards the bathrooms. Laura was somewhat amused but also aghast, she went over to Tania and put her arm around her, saying "That was harsh, but at least you'll make some money." the two began to move back to their, seeing the almost completely naked Jenny pissing in her panties as Saskia cheered on the dancefloor. Laura turned to Tania another time and said, "Also, I think I might have a plan on how we can get Amanda back."

###

Meanwhile, at about 2PM, Amanda reached back to the long bathroom line. She immediately went over to what she had termed the "wet cluster," which was actually Rachel, Chanel, and Sid, two of which had very visibly wet pants already. They had made their way about halfway through the line, and Sid had finished her water bottle while Rachel still had half left. Amanda laughed audibly as she approached the three, pulling up Sid's sweatshirt she had hung around her waist to expose more of her very wet pants. Sid looked down, humiliated so badly she didn't know what to say or do about it, her cheeks burned red and her ears were warm.

Amanda focused her attention on Sid, keeping one hand on her sweatshirt to keep it up and her pants visible from the back. She leaned in towards Sid, asking, "Could I buy your sweatshirt for $150?" and Sid thought for a second, remembering she got it for $30, and said, "Ok," and Amanda took it off her. Amanda laughed, and her pupils dialated even further, and said, "Do you have any change of pants?" and Sid nodded and said "One" And Amanda said, "And can I buy them for $200?" and Sid said, "Umm, ok, that's a good deal," and Amanda laughed and followed her to her tent as Sid grabbed herself and further wet her pants and got urine on her hand.

As Amanda and Sid went off, Rachel turned to Chanel and said, "That Amanda is a real piece of work, we should really put her in her place this weekend somehow." Chanel nodded vigorously and said, "Agreed," and Rachel immediately added, "we have a master pharmacist in our circle, I bet we can figure something out as soon as we get the end of this end." They were only about 10 people from the bathrooms, and Rachel was pretty sure she was going to make it when Amanda returned with Sid, who looked just as humiliated but a little more wet than before. Amanda signaled to Sid that she should go the back of the line after giving her a water bottle and some more cash, and went over to Rachel.

Amanda said, "You almost made it" to Rachel, and "You definitely didn't make it" to Chanel, who had wet down to her ancles at this point, and looked down at her wet pants to avoid making eye contact. Amanda looked again at Rachel and said, "$300 if you go to the back of the line," and Rachel said, "No, thank you," and Amanda replied curtly, "Then I am just going to pay the people in front you to take longer, or you can just pee 10 seconds in your pants right now for $200 and I will leave you alone for now." Rachel considered and started to shake her head, but saw Amanda immediately whip out some bills to bribe those ahead of her, and changed her mind saying, "wait, ok, 10 seconds I can do, give me the $200."

Amanda gave her the money and stood back a step, Rachel was already bursting and barely holding on, so as soon as she took a deep breath and relaxed a second, she started to piss herself. Amanda counted down, as Rachel felt more and more ridiculous as she recognized only then how long 10 seconds really is. Rachel panicked a little when, at 10 seconds, she just couldn't stop and kept peeing. Amanda laughed hysetically and pointed, as Rachel strugled to stop peeing after another 6 seconds. Rachel turned red and looked at Amanda, asking "Is this how you treat your friends?" to which Amanda replied, "Yes, sometimes, now hop along to the bathroom Rachel, it was fun talking at the fire last night, maybe we do it again tonight." Rachel was a little surprised by the answer, but said, "Maybe," to which Amanda laughed and returned to surveying the rest of the line.

It was nearing 2:45PM when Rachel and Chanel finally reached the bathrooms. After they had barely managed to get their wet pants down, and Chanel actually losing control a little right before getting onto the toilet, they reuined outside. Chanel asked Rachel, "So we getting her back?" and Rachel said, "Yup, let's go back to my group and get a surprise ready for Amanda" and they both laughed, looked down at their own wet pants, and laughed again, going towards the dancefloor.

To be continued.

