New Feelings

Author: SelenaFox

*014*2022-08-03 16:34

A/n: This lovely addition was written along with Avery Fox~. We had a fantastic time writing this installment together ^.^

~~~

Chapter Six: Everything Goes Wrong

Jill and Alice sat within the cozy confines of Jill’s living room. It wasn’t often that Alice stopped by as it was usually the other way around. Jill would often go to Alice’s house to babysit the dog or stop by just for company. It was just the older woman and her dog and she would frequently get lonely. Jill never minded spending time with Alice when the opportunity presented itself. Besides, she absolutely adored Molly and took any time she could have with the dog. All the same, Alice’s sudden need to stop by left Jill confused. She had no idea what was so important that Alice wanted to talk about, but she refused to let it take away from her being a good host.

“So,” Jill said slowly, wanting to break the strange silence filling the room, “would you like anything, Alice? Tea? Coffee? Something else? I’m afraid that I don’t have any dog food, but I’m sure Molly would love a cold bowl of water since it’s definitely hot outside.” At the mention of her name, the three-year-old golden ball of fuzzy fur bounded into the living room, legs floppy and loose like her tongue that was already half out of her mouth in a smile. It brought a smile to Jill’s lips when Molly barreled into her knees, and she was grateful that she was already sitting down.

“Some tea would be nice, dear,” Alice said with a smile. “And I’m sure that Molly here would love some cold water. The poor thing has been running rather hot these days with this weather.”

Jill nodded, quickly heading into the kitchen and took her time grabbing Alice’s tea and a bowl of water for Molly.

Everything felt off the moment the two entered her home, but Jill couldn’t figure out why. Everything seemed mostly all right when they spoke earlier, so why did everything seem oddly quiet? It was very out of character for Alice to be so solemn, and the woman arrived with such a concerned look that Jill couldn’t help but question things. What if Alice was about to tell her that something terrible had happened to someone in her family? Jill almost considered asking Alice if she wanted something stronger to drink, just in case.

Not wanting to think the worst, Jill took Alice’s tea and Molly’s bowl with her back to the living room. She set Molly’s bowl on the ground, giggling when the dog attacked it to get a drink, and handed Alice her tea. Jill didn’t want to bother grabbing something for herself, not wanting to make things difficult.

“So, how are things?” Jill asked, putting on a bright smile when Alice hadn’t said a word and was nursing her cup of tea instead. “It’s been a while since we’ve last talked.”

“It has been a while,” Alice replied slowly. “Things have been all right. But the bigger question is how are things with you?”

Jill looked at Alice curiously, shifting nervously.

“What do you mean?” Jill asked with a nervous giggle. “I’ve been great. Like, school’s been stressful, but that’s normal. It’s been a little difficult as my group isn’t as well behaved as my other classes, but I deal.”

“I can only imagine,” Alice said. “Teaching seems like such a stressful job sometimes.” Alice fell quiet again, taking in Jill with concern evident in her eyes. “But is there more going on, Jill?”

Jill felt her anxiety start to intensify. She wasn’t anxious often, but Alice was really starting to hint at something, but Jill didn’t know what. Everything felt confusing and yesterday hadn’t been a good day, and that morning was decent enough, she had thought. The only thing Jill could manage was a strangled noise as she started to choke up with tears filling her eyes. Alice was such a nice person and like a second mother to her, so why wasn’t she just saying what was on her mind.

“Jill, I’m just going to be forward,” Alice said gently, leaning forward across the coffee table between them to put a hand on Jill’s knee. She sighed, gently brushing a thumb over Jill’s knee. “Are you having some personal issues?”

“Am I having ‘personal issues?’” Jill questioned, blinking back her tears.

“Well, yes,” Alice said as if her response would make Jill any less confused. Jill and Alice could only stare at each other, Jill confused, and Alice looking expectant. Jill wasn’t sure what Alice was getting at, and she didn’t dare try to offer an explanation.

“No?” Jill finally offered when Alice remained quiet and didn’t elaborate. She couldn’t help but cringe at the sympathetic look Alice gave her, and the small squeeze on her knee. “What would make you think that?” Jill asked, growing even more anxious. Alice’s expression grew more sympathetic, and she gave Jill’s knee a longer squeeze. Alice shifted where she sat as if she was ready to tell Jill something difficult.

“Jill,” Alice started in a soft and comforting tone, “I understand that you wouldn’t like to share this, and that it’s embarrassing, but maybe I can help. I have to be so blunt, but are you having incontinence issues? I’ve seen you struggling a few times, including this morning, and if you need help, we can get it for you.”

If Jill wasn’t so distressed by what was happening, she might have burst into hysterical laughter from nerves. Instead, she burst into tears and didn’t know how to respond. She thought that she had been so careful and that no one had noticed what she was doing, but could she play it off and make Alice think otherwise? Jill wasn’t entirely sure. It was clear that she had been caught, but the issue was far different than Alice could ever be allowed to know.

“Oh, Jill,” Jill heard Alice gently say. Jill couldn’t stop her sobs, and only started to cry harder when she felt herself being wrapped in a comforting hug. “I’ll help you figure it out, okay? I’ll help you, and there are things to help you.” But as Jill felt herself being made to sit up straight, she wasn’t entirely sure what she should feel about things, and worst of all, she needed to pee from all of the stress.

“When did all of this start, honey?” Alice asked Jill, gently brushing away Jill’s tears with her thumbs. All Jill could do was manage a weak shake of her head in response. She didn’t want to answer, and there was absolutely no way that she could talk to Alice about what was going on.

“Jill, honey, I understand that you feel embarrassed and that you don’t want to talk about it,” Alice said gently, pulling Jill back into a hug and rubbing soothing circles on her back. “But it would be really helpful to know when it happened and if there was something that maybe caused it.”

“Alice, I can’t,” Jill managed to choke out. “I really can’t.

“Jill, please, I know it’s been going on for at least a month now,” Alice said, sitting Jill up again. “I didn’t mean to be a spy or anything, but when I saw you step out of your car recently, you were completely soaked. So please tell me how long it’s been?”

Jill hung her head in shame. Her mind was a mess – she was a mess – but she didn’t know how to get herself out of this one. She supposed that she had to be as honest as possible because at the end of the day, they were still accidents. Maybe that’s what she just needed to tell Alice and then her embarrassment would be over.

“They were just accidents, Alice,” Jill choked out, trying to will her voice to steady, but not sounding too convincing in between her hiccups and sobs.

“I know they were just accidents, Jill, I know.”

Jill wasn’t sure what it was, but Alice’s words made her burst out into sobs again.

“It started about two months ago,” Jill managed to stutter out.

“Right after you fell down the stairs at our house?” Alice gasped out.

As if luck was finally turning, Jill sensed an out and nodded weakly.

“I think so,” Jill replied. She knew that wasn’t the case at all, but the dates were close enough. Jill took a moment to squeeze her thighs together a little as she really needed to pee but didn’t want to make it too obvious. She never expected things to take a turn the way they did, and she didn’t know what to do except play along for a moment.

“Are you feeling a little calmer now,” Alice asked. “You seemed to have stopped crying.”

“I think so,” Jill said with a shaky nod. “I’m sorry,” she started to say before she was interrupted.

“Now, none of that, my dear. I can’t imagine how hard this is for you, so I understand.” Alice gave Jill a soft squeeze on her shoulder. Suddenly, Jill had to try very hard to keep a pokerface as she felt a leak squeeze out. It wasn’t much, but she definitely didn’t want to pee herself in front of Alice.

“Alice, I uhm, need to go to the bathroom really quick if that’s okay.”

“Yes, of course,” Alice replied, waving Jill off with a worried look. “You don’t need to ask. Go quick.”

Jill gave Alice an appreciative look and hurried upstairs. Her quick rush caused her to have another leak, but at least her pants didn’t show it. For the moment, that was good enough for Jill.

When she returned downstairs, she saw that Alice had made her a cup of tea.

“Are you okay?” Alice asked as Jill sat down. Jill felt her face go red at Alice’s question.

“Yeah, I think so,” Jill offered. Alice seemed to study for her a long moment before humming something that sounded like a, “Glad.”

“So, Jill, there are a few things that need to be done, I think,” Alice said with a sigh. “I think we need to plan you a doctor’s appointment.”

Jill immediately felt herself begin to panic. There was no reason for her to go to a doctor and the idea of having to talk to a doctor about things made her nervous.

“No, Alice, please,” Jill practically sobbed. “No doctor.”

“Jill, it would really help to figure out what’s wrong,” Alice said gently, “but we’ll do that later, okay? When you’ve calmed down a bit?” Alice slapped both of her knees with her hands, immediately getting down to business. “Tell you what, I’ll bring Molly home and inform that silly boyfriend of mine that you’re unwell and I’ll be staying with you for a bit. He’ll understand.”

Jill could only murmur a weak, “Okay.” She was exhausted, and couldn’t even panic at the idea of yet another person knowing something was off with her. Jill had no idea that Alice’s boyfriend was even around at the moment, though she shouldn’t have been too surprised. The two had been getting on well enough.

“But first, I’m going to get you into bed,” Jill heard Alice say. Jill felt an arm wrap around her and pull her gently from the couch before slowly dragging her up the stairs and to her bedroom. She was only half-aware of being laid into her bed and tucked in, and only barely took in Alice’s pointed glance towards her hamper where at least two pairs of wet panties and soaked leggings were sitting. Jill was so out of it that she didn’t hear Alice say, “Oh, Jill, if only you had told me sooner, I would have been able to do something. But I’ll help now, you’ll see. I’ll be back soon; you just get some rest.”

Jill was sure that she had barely slept at all when she felt herself being shaken awake. The first thing that she noticed was that she felt cozy. Jill wasn’t sure that she had slept so well in a long time, and questioned what exactly Alice had put into her tea. The next thing Jill noticed, as she stretched sleepily, was that she was warm. Perhaps a little too warm and perhaps a little stickier than she would have liked. It took Jill a few moments longer to wake up fully and come to her senses and realized exactly why she felt so sticky and warm.

Her face immediately turned red, her cheeks burning with embarrassment as she realized that there was absolutely no way she was getting out of this one. If she was aware of what happened, then Alice had to know as well. The smell wasn’t exactly hard to miss even with her blankets over top of her. She was left with only one option.

Jill carefully cracked her eyes open to find herself meeting Alice’s sympathetic gaze.

“I think it’s time we consider the doctor’s for you,” Alice said gently. Jill was not given any other option but to agree.

“I’ll throw everything into the laundry for you,” Alice said. “Just get into the shower and clean yourself up. Remember, it’s okay. I know you can’t help it. We’ll get you some things to help.”

As Jill stepped into her shower, she couldn’t help but question how everything had gone wrong so horribly quick. It was quicker than she ever could have imagined, and she didn’t know what to do. Even if she told Alice that she was fine, the woman would never believe her, especially after her latest incident. The worst part was that she couldn’t say it was the first time either.

Jill had always been a bed wetter, but by the time she reached 14, it stopped being a nightly thing. By the time she was 16, it didn’t happen very often, but a couple times a year she would wake up wet. It just so happened that her accident had to have the worst timing ever.

Well, aside from the one time it happened at summer camp when she was a teenager, but she had been able to get away with that one.

Shaking her head clear of her thoughts, Jill realized that there was only one way to move and that was forward. She had backed herself into a corner, and her accident in bed absolutely sealed Alice’s conviction that she had a problem. Jill tried to think of what she could say to Alice as she dried herself off, but decided that for now she was just a passenger in her own life. She had no other choice but to let things be taken over for a little bit.

When Jill returned downstairs, she found Alice waiting in her kitchen with a large shopping bag and a kind smile on her face.

“Now, I didn’t have much at home, but we had an old waterproof mattress cover you can borrow if you’d like. It would be better to keep your mattress safe as I could see that it wasn’t your first accident,” Alice said. “I also called the doctor for you as I know we use the same one. I convinced him to do a quick check up on you in an hour, so we have to hurry a little.” Alice gave Jill a quick look and then smiled. “It looks like you’re all ready, so let’s head out. I’ll drive.”

As Jill followed Alice to her car, she couldn’t help but sigh. The older woman truly was like a mother to her since disease took hers away so many years ago. Jill froze at Alice’s car surprised by the somewhat flustered look on Alice’s face.

“Uh, Jill, I know that these probably won’t fit all that well, but I would feel a lot more comfortable if you wore a pull up in my car,” Alice said, reaching into her car and pulling the offending article from another shopping bag. “We had some old ones, and I know that they will be small, but I would rather you not have an accident all over the car seat.”

Jill’s face once more went completely beat red, and the worst part is that she understood. Jill wanted to comment on it, but she was tired and completely worn out already and it was only three pm. She normally would have fought it, but instead, she took the pull up from Alice with a tight smile and went upstairs to change.

Once she returned to her bathroom to put the pull up on, she realized that it was a bit too small for her. She struggled to get it over her behind. It would remain on her hips for just a moment before the top would roll down and slide off. With a bit of quick thinking, Jill fixed that issue by pulling on a pair of panties over top to make it stay. She checked herself in the mirror once she pulled her pants back on and let out a sigh of relief when she noticed that other than a slight crinkle, it wasn’t obvious. A part of her felt terribly childish that she was wearing a pull up under her clothes because someone thought that she couldn’t make it to the toilet in time.

When Jill returned to Alice’s car, Alice quietly asked her if she managed to get the pull up to fit. Jill only managed the smallest of nod as she wordlessly buckled herself in and Alice gave her a small squeeze on the shoulder. As Alice put the car into drive and they made their way towards the city, Jill couldn’t stop herself from thinking about how everything had changed. She was both curious and a little bit worried about what life would suddenly bring her.

As the landscapes went past her window, Jill decided that for the time being, her biggest worry was that she had to pee again.
