New Feelings

Author: SelenaFox

*004*2022-07-29 21:17

A/n: Hi~ Decided that I was going to add more to this because it’s just too fun! I think the formatting is okay? For some reason it kept changing the font color every single time I tried to add this second part - sad! It looks okay to me though. All the same, enjoy~

~~~

Chapter Two: A Repeat Offense

Jill shook her head to clear her thoughts. Her class was being quiet for once and her students were busy working on a math test and required little supervision. She of course had to make sure that they weren’t cheating, but test days always made her a bit bored. If she wasn’t keeping herself occupied, her mind was prone to wandering in every direction possible. That day was no exception. It didn’t matter that the weekend was quickly approaching as she made sure to schedule her tests on Fridays, her mind was completely elsewhere.

In the weeks following her accident – that’s what it was, right? – Jill tried very hard to keep her new provocative thoughts out of her mind. In fact, she preferred to pretend that her accident never happened at all, but it felt like almost every little thing that crossed her path seemed to remind her of what had occurred.

It was in the little things, such as a seemingly innocuous ad on the television or a billboard on the side of the road. She couldn’t quite explain her thoughts and feelings that would be aroused. Jill had to admit to herself she had an almost longing just to try things again. As much as she tried to ignore the nagging thoughts in her brain, she couldn’t get rid of them.

From the corner of her eye, Jill saw a half-raised hand and with a mental shrug, Jill shook her thoughts from her head.

“Yes, Jason?” Jill asked calmly, putting on a kind and knowing smile. “What is your question? You know I won’t give out any answers even if you ask.”

“How much time do we have left, Miss Bennett?” Jason asked while rubbing his nose roughly with the palm of his hand. Jill suppressed a grimace at the action, worried Jason would nearly poke his eye out with his pencil. Still, she glanced up at the clock at the back of the room.

“You have twenty more minutes,” Jill replied, sighing inwardly as Jason stood up to announce to the class just how much time they had left. As if he was the town crier of their classroom, Jason smacked his hand on his desk multiple times, disrupting the quiet.

“Twenty more minutes!” Jason shouted out. “Twenty more minutes! Those with extra time get an extra twenty minutes! The rest are free to relax until the bell!” After his proud proclamation, Jason turned back to Jill with a massive smile and sat down back in his chair and continued on with his test as if nothing happened. Jill wished that it didn’t.

To her relief, her students finished their tests well on time with Mari taking some extra time to finish with some gentle coaching. The girl suffered with dyslexia and Jill couldn’t help but think that someone should give her some additional assistance outside of the classroom, but Jill did what she could. Mari was a spirited young girl and didn’t let her dyslexia hold her back. If Jill could spend her entire day with Mari to help her, she would, but she was unable to spend her entire lessons helping just a single person. Luckily the rest of her students were quick to lend a hand where they could.

Like clockwork, Mike popped his head through the door of her classroom as the school day ended. Jill couldn’t help but suspect that the young man had a crush on her.

“Hey, Jill,” Mike said brightly. “How were your little rascals today? Mine were absolute terrors.” He blew out a sigh, shaking his head and shoving his hands into his pockets as he leaned against the door frame. “They just wouldn’t shut up no matter what I did.”

“Mine were calm,” Jill replied with a shrug. “Far calmer than what they were a few weeks ago. I know it has nothing to do with anything, but I still can’t believe that storm we had.” The moment the words left her lips, Jill felt her cheeks flush slightly and a familiar heat pool in her belly at the reminder of that particular day.

“Well, I’m glad at least someone’s kids know how to behave,” Mike chuckled. He ran a hand through his hair, looking between Jill and the direction of the exit of the school. He jerked a thumb over his shoulder with a slight shrug. “Hey, uhm, I really need to get out and have a drink today. Did you want to come join me?”

Oh God¸ Jill thought to herself. He really does have a crush on me! She had to think quickly on her feet and gave Mike a sad smile in response.

“I’m really sorry, but no,” Jill said. “I really need to tend to my garden, and I’ve had just about no time to do it. It desperately needs some watering with how hot it’s been lately, and I have some new plants that need to be potted.”

It’s not a lie, Jill thought. And it truly wasn’t. Her plants did need a good watering with the odd heatwave that had arrived after the storm. The usually green leaves of her plants had started to yellow in the baking sun and she wasn’t fortunate enough to have a sprinkler system, so a good old fashioned hosing down was required.

“Oh,” Mike said in surprise. “Uhm, well, maybe another day then?” Mike added hesitantly. He slowly started to back out of the room, trying to look okay with Jill’s rejection. “See you after the weekend, I suppose, Jill.”

“See you Monday, Mike,” Jill said, grabbing her things and heading towards the exit.

Jill sighed as she drove to the garden center. If she was actually working in the garden, she would manage to finish everything that she needed to do. Jill ran through a mental checklist of each task she needed to do but found herself distracted and squirmed slightly in her seat. She had a slight need to pee, but she wasn’t too bothered by it; just aware. If the need became worse, she could go in the garden center.

She arrived quickly at the garden center and grabbed a cart. Not wanting to delay, Jill made her way towards the closest bathroom, but the feelings she had been trying to ignore the past few weeks returned full force.

Maybe holding it a little will stop the feelings, Jill reasoned with herself. Besides, it wasn’t as thought she needed to go that bad, right? Nothing would come out of it.

Not wanting to waste much time in the garden center, Jill quickly located some new pots for her plants and the required dirt and seeds she needed. She felt as though she had been working on her garden for ages, and she couldn’t help but vent to the cashier about it.

“I saw this really sweet design on Pinterest,” Jill replied wistfully. “Full of rocks and brick and the whatnot. I thought it would look beautiful with the marigolds I purchased, but it’s turning into something way bigger.”

“Well, Pinterest has a way of doing that,” the cashier said with a laugh. “Do you mind if I make some recommendations?”

“Please, do,” Jill answered gratefully. Any little help she could get, she would take.

As the cashier prattled on about their ideas for gardens, some of which didn’t even make sense, Jill couldn’t help but softly squeeze her thighs together. She didn’t have to go too terribly, but normally she would have found a bathroom. However, she really wanted to get started on her work in the garden instead. Just as her thought finished, the cashier wished her a good day and with her original purchases and new additions in tow, Jill loaded her car and made her way back home. It was fortunate that the garden center was on her way home and the remainder of her trip was a quick five minutes. She didn’t have to drive to the middle of nowhere to get the things that she needed and even though it was a chore she wasn’t planning on doing, at least she was home fast.

Jill parked her car in her driveway and stretched her arms high over her head. She was going to need all of her strength to haul the several bags of dirt she had purchased into her garden. Not wanting to have to deal with the dirt, Jill opened the trunk of her car and stared at the heavy bags with her hands on her hips. Perhaps getting a drink with Mike might have been a better idea, but the moment the thought crossed her mind she shook her head. It most definitely wasn’t a good idea.

With a slight oof! Jill lifted one of the soil bags from her trunk. The moment the bag was in her arms, she was surprised by a sudden wave of desperation. Having no hands to hold onto herself, she crossed her legs quickly and clamped down hard. It seemed to work well enough as the wave passed, though it left behind a pressing need that she couldn’t take care of just yet. But what was worse was the slow creeping in of arousal that she felt.

“Ugh!” Jill said out loud. “What is wrong with me?”

Realizing she was dawdling for far too long in her driveway, Jill quickly unloaded her car, bringing everything to the backyard and dropping her purchases where she needed them. She wasn’t entirely fond of gardening, not that Mike needed to know, and wanted to get her projects done quickly. If she managed to finish, she planned to take a well-deserved bath after, perhaps with a very nice dinner with wine. She felt that it was the least that she could have, especially after subjecting herself to the torture of working in her backyard.

It was rare for Jill to not change out of her work clothes after school, but she wanted nothing more than to get everything done. She really didn’t want to have to work in the garden longer than she needed to. Jill cursed herself as she got dirt down the front of her blouse, but cursed herself even more when she felt her need to pee increasing. If she had gone inside to change, she could have just gone to the bathroom, but didn’t want to take the extra time to do so. She had to cross her legs a couple of times to keep herself from letting go and was getting annoyed that it was making her work take even longer. Though she needed to pee, she hated gardening much more and wanted to get things done.

Suddenly, as if a little devil popped itself on her shoulder and started speaking to her, a small voice in her head spoke up.

You could just pee yourself here, you know. No one would know.

Jill’s face burned at the thought and her belly burned with heat. She looked around her garden, suspicious that someone else hadn’t spoken to her. The voice in the back of her mind didn’t sound like her own, but as expected, no one was there. She lived in a stand-alone home and her garden was enclosed by carefully curated hedges with well-maintained fences.

Without thinking, Jill unconsciously started to spread her legs a little in anticipation. She couldn’t believe it – she was really going to do it again!

The same, oddly familiar feeling of naughtiness practically thrust itself upon her. She felt almost childlike. With her mind entirely made up, Jill softly tried to push and let her bladder relax, but nothing happened. She tensed up with the anticipation and let out a soft groan of frustration.

“Okay, Jill, deep breath,” she muttered to herself. Jill took in a breath and let it out slowly and as she relaxed on her exhale, she suddenly felt her panties grow warm. At the somehow unexpected feeling, Jill felt herself clam up.

What am I doing?! Jill practically screamed at herself in her thoughts. She quickly crossed her legs and slammed her hands into her crotch to try and stop the flow. She felt her hands getting damp, but with an ultimate effort, she managed to stop peeing.

Not wanting to take any chances, Jill hurried up the stairs to her bathroom to inspect what she had done and so that she could finish peeing.

The moment she stepped foot into her bathroom and stood in front of her mirror, Jill couldn’t help but let out an embarrassed giggle. She really looked and felt terribly childish with the dark stain in the crotch of her light grey slacks and the feeling of cooled, wet fabric clinging to her private parts. She sighed knowing that her pants were ruined and were in a need of a wash. There was no point in trying to save them from their current situation and as if someone was taking over her thoughts once more, she decided she might as well just finish where she was.

She felt a shiver run down her spine and a rush of warmth that had nothing to do with her current predicament. Almost subconsciously, before she had fully made the decision, Jill let out a slow breath and pushed gently. This time it took almost no effort at all for her to start peeing, and she let out a soft moan as she completely lost all control.

Just like the first time, she watched in fascination as her crotch grew wetter and she felt trails of warmth race down her legs and into her socks and shoes. She bent slightly at her knees and felt her butt growing warm as her stream rushed towards the back of her legs creating the same pooling warmth there. As the warmth shifted, Jill started to come to her senses and clasped her hands over her mouth as she took stock of herself.

Here she was, a 27-year-old elementary school teacher, standing in a puddle of her own creation. She was positively soaked, and she felt the wet fabric of her pants clinging to her legs. As she took a tentative step out of the yellow puddle on her bathroom floor, she could hear the squelch of her shoes.

Quickly, Jill stripped out of her offending clothing; her shoes, socks, panties, and pants all now desperately needing to be placed in the laundry, and hurried under the shower. She had never felt so mortified in her life.

This was the second time that month that she had wet herself. She was ridiculously turned on, but she was still confused. Did she want to try even more? Or did she want to renew her vow of never doing such a thing again. As Jill stood under the warm water of her shower, she really wasn’t sure.

*005*2022-07-30 17:16

A/n: hi, it’s me again~ Here’s a third part of Jill’s little adventures!

~~~

Chapter Three: A Grown Woman?

Jill was having a wonderful time. She was having a very well-deserved weekend, and she was having a great time with some of her old friends. They were sitting at Starbucks and nursing very large drinks to try and get some relief from the heat outside. It was lucky that they were even able to find seating indoors as it seemed a lot of others had the same idea. No one wanted to deal with the heat.

With a quiet hum to herself, Jill softly squeezed her legs together. It wasn’t that bad, but she had to pee a little bit.

“Hey, Jill, did you want another coffee?” asked Jill’s friend Liz. “It’s getting kind of late, and I know if you leave any later, traffic will be murderous.”

“Uhm, I don’t think so,” Jill started to say, but at the pleading looks from both Liz and Lindsey, she relented. “Okay,” Jill said with an over exaggerated and dramatic sigh, “One more! And that’s it! After that I really have to head home.”

The trio happily ordered their drinks and their conversation returned to the easy flow that Jill was used to within her little group. At least, that was until Lindsey turned her way with a mischievous grin.

“So, Jill,” Lindsey said slowly, waggling her eyebrows, “anything actually happening in your love life?”

Jill let out a very heavy sigh at Lindsey’s question.

“Well, you’re not going to believe this,” Jill said, taking a sip of her iced coffee and leaning slightly forward in her seat. “So, one of the teachers where I work – the guy in the room next to me? Pretty sure I think he has a crush on me. He asked me out a few weeks ago.”

“Oh, help me,” Liz responded with a groan. “Please at least say he’s your age otherwise that’s gross.”

“Yeah, he is,” Jill replied. “But he’s really not my type,” she added carefully, cursing inwardly at the blush that was quickly becoming apparent on her cheeks.

“Yeah, yeah, we know,” Lindsey said with a sigh. “You’re pretty hard to lock down.”

“At least you’ve got things figured out, I think,” Jill shrugged, glancing pointedly over at Liz. “We both know little Elizabeth here still hasn’t figured anything out.”

“Jesus, Liz,” Lindsey said, snorting at Liz’s indignant shout. “After 10 years you really ought to have your shit figured out.” A smile crept on Lindsey’s lips as Liz started to complain loudly. They all loved each other, but Lindsey and Jill had to admit that Liz was hopelessly clueless even on her best days.

Jill listened as Lindsey and Liz went at each other and tried to casually and sneakily squeeze her thighs together again. The iced coffee she just had to drink was practically running through her as if it went straight into her mouth and directly to her bladder. Moments later, a lull fell in the conversation. Liz fell silent trying to figure out what exactly Lindsey’s last comment meant, and Jill was half-distracted by herself and by trying to figure out what half their conversation had turned into. The silence didn’t last long however, as Lindsey couldn’t stand for there to be silence.

“So, get this,” Lindsey said, taking a long drink of her iced tea. “A few weeks ago, I went to the beach with my boyfriend. We went in my car, and it was so hot we just immediately went into the water. We had a great time because the water was absolutely amazing, though the waves were a little high, but that was fun.” Jill grinned at Lindsey’s animated story-telling, arms flailing and voice lifting in pitch with her excitement. “But now, we’re at the best part.” Lindsey immediately grew solemn, her face grave and serious. “When we got back to the car, I asked Johnny, ‘Did you grab some towels?’ And the look he gave me – oh, dear Lord. And he’s like, ‘I thought you would have some in your car.’ Like, I am absolutely serious with this. How did he come up with that one? Who the hell just has them in their car like that anyway? I mean, logically speaking, if you’re going to the beach, you bring towels!”

Both Jill and Liz were unable to contain their laughter at the expression on Lindsey’s face. Or at least Liz was unable to stop her laughter. Jill just felt awkward and embarrassed and laughed just to fit in and trying not to draw notice to herself. She was afraid that the two would somehow be able to read her thoughts and that her face was suddenly a red glowing beacon because she had added exactly that into her car that morning – towels. Luckily, Jill was saved by Liz who all but jumped up and said that it was time to go, but she had to stop at the restroom as all of the drinks she had really made her have to pee. Jill had no issues with taking the chance to leave herself.

“I’ll be going straight back to my car. I think if I am quick, I might be able to beat out the traffic,” Jill said with a hopeful smile. She more than willingly accepted hugs from Lindsey and Liz before she was practically shoved out of Starbucks with wishes of good luck for a quick trip back home.

Once she was out of Starbucks, Jill let her thoughts begin to wander. She was still in disbelief of what her plans were, but she had thought it out well, she reckoned.

Jill knew that the last stop with her friends would be Starbucks and she knew that the traffic would most likely be bad and that there would be traffic jams. She had made sure to grab a few towels, and more importantly, plastic bags to put in her car. She would try to do a little bit of holding to quell the nagging feeling again, but she wasn’t stupid. Jill refused to leave the house without some sort of protection for her car seat.

As Jill approached her car, the first thing she was was open the back doors and taking a look at the beach towels and plastic bags she had stored. She decided to pass on the towel for the time being, but grabbed the bags, placing one on her floor and the other on her car seat. With these simple preparations in place, Jill quickly looked around and was relieved that no one was around to notice her. Although, if someone did, she already had the terrible excuse that her jeans were leaving dye everywhere because they were new and she didn’t want to stain her seats. With no one there to have to give an explanation to, Jill quickly hopped into her car. She had to shift in her seat a few times, her face twisting slightly at the crinkle of the plastic bag under her bottom, and was only half-surprised by the now familiar feelings of naughtiness washing over her. Jill quickly pushed the feelings aside. She would make it back fine to her house, but a part of her kind of wished that she didn’t.

Desperately trying to squash that part of her mind, Jill put the car into reverse, navigated carefully out of her spot, and drove out of the parking garage.

The very moment she merged into city traffic, Jill realized that traffic was a lot worse than she thought. She was constantly running into red lights and it felt like she kept hitting mini traffic jams left and right. She was even forced to sit through light cycles several times. Jill couldn’t stand city driving in the slightest, and she couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief when she managed to finally get on the highway back home.

Jill felt much more content on the highway, driving at a reasonable speed and passing through more familiar suburbs. But seeing such comfortable views made her relax and her need to pee struck hard. She had to squeeze her thighs together with all of her might to try and keep herself from leaking. Jill breathed hard through the wave of need that passed through and with no longer needing to be hyper focused on driving, she was far more aware of how much she needed to go. Fortunately for her, the traffic she had been driving with eased up the further away from the city she went.

However, her need to pee was increasing and squeezing her thighs just didn’t seem to be enough. As a new wave came over her, Jill decided to toss cruise control on and cross her legs, wincing at the plastic crinkling under her butt as she shifted and squirmed. The discomfort over the noise disappeared quickly as she found herself thinking that she could just go right there and it would be over, but with a groan, Jill cast the thought aside. She knew that she got herself in trouble by not going before leaving, but she would finally have to start acting like a grown up. She wasn’t meant to have accidents at the age of 27, because that’s what they were – accidents. Right? Just accidents.

But she couldn’t deny the thoughts and niggling voice and feelings that wouldn’t leave her head.

At least she was getting closer to home. She only had a few more miles left. The moment she hit the off-ramp, she would only have ten more minutes left and then she would be home. That was until she saw the red lights of the cars in front of her coming closer and barely moving at all, and Jill had to brake hard.

Jill groaned as she felt her seatbelt tighten and press on her bladder. She felt the smallest bit of warmth against her privates and Jill quickly slammed a hand in her crotch to keep herself from leaking.

“Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,” Jill whispered to herself as the traffic in front of her slowed to a complete crawl, and with complete horror, Jill realized that she was stuck in a traffic jam.

With the sudden realization that she wasn’t going to be moving very fast or any time soon, her need to pee seemed to increase exponentially. The next five minutes that passed by were agonizing as Jill was squirming in her seat, as tense as she could possibly be. She felt sweaty, her back was hurting, and above all, she had to pee badly, but traffic wasn’t moving. As far as she knew, there had to have been an accident to make traffic move so slowly. If she could get past it soon, she would be nearly home.

Suddenly, Jill felt another strong wave of need course through her. She jammed her hand back into her crotch, crossed her legs over each other, and bore down with all of her might. As the wave grew worse, she started to breathe more heavily and shakily. As if entirely out of her control, Jill felt herself relax and she felt the smallest jet of hot pee shoot out, soaking her panties. Jill very quickly managed to clamp up again as she stiffened completely in alarm. She dared to look down at her jeans that were thankfully still dry, but Jill didn’t dare let out a sigh of relief. She wasn’t completely safe yet.

Jill had to slam down hard on her brakes again as the cars in front and around her came to a complete standstill. No sooner had her car stopped when she felt another gush of pee leak out of her, leaving a wet spot the size of a tennis ball on her crotch. She couldn’t help but whisper to herself in disbelief.

“Oh my god, I’m peeing,” Jill lamented. “I am going to pee myself.”

She felt a third leak escape, increasing the wet patch in her crotch, and she felt her pee flowing down her butt. The third leak was quickly followed by a fourth, and then Jill was peeing uncontrollably as she lost all ability to hold. Jill could only watch, mesmerized, as she felt her pee pool up under her butt and her lower back. She saw it rising in her lap and filling her seat before cascading over the edge, wetting the back of her legs as it flowed down. Jill couldn’t stop the moan of relief leaving her lips as the pressure on her bladder disappeared and her muscles could finally relax.

A part of her was glad that the bags protected most of her seat, but suddenly, like it always did, reality kicked in hard. Jill took a look around her, taking in her situation. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment as she realized she was sitting there completely drenched in a puddle of her own urine in the middle of traffic surrounded by other cars. Luckily no one seemed interested in looking around, leaving her to her embarrassment on her own, and very slowly, traffic started to move again.

As Jill drove home, she found herself paying attention to everything else. She felt her pants start to cool off and cling to her privates and legs. Jill paid attention to the small pool of pee she was sitting in that seemed to splash around a little if she dared to move, and she was most definitely smelling it now. With that realization, all the feelings she desperately tried to block out since she had first peed herself broke through.

She felt so small, and yet naughty, like a small child in the back of a car fully aware that what they had done was wrong, but still feeling silently pleased over it. Here Jill was, a grown adult, sitting in a pool of her own creation, and she felt both mortified and delighted, and those feelings confused her to no end.

The very moment she managed to park her car at home, she rushed into the house with a furious blush on her cheeks. She practically launched herself into her bathroom to get in the shower to clean herself, but stopped for a moment in front of her mirror to check her reflection..

Jill had to admit that the front of her looked fairly okay, at least she guessed that she did. There was still a large patch of wetness in her crotch area, but she had been stuck in traffic long enough for a lot to dry, or at least she thought that until she turned around. She couldn’t stop her gasp as she realized the back of her pants were absolutely soaked and the hem of her shirt hadn’t managed to escape.

With her self inspection undeniably complete, Jill quickly pulled off her shirt and wrinkled her nose as she smelled the urine that it had practically bathed in. She practically wrestled off her cold and incredibly clingy jeans off of herself. Afterwards, Jill couldn’t help but let out a small giggle. She felt less like an adult woman and far more like a little girl because grown adult women didn’t have accidents and certainly didn’t find themselves in completely soaked panties.

As she stepped into the shower, she decided to leave her panties on to at least try and rinse them a little. However, she still needed to pee just a little bit.

Oh, what the hell, Jill thought to herself. They are already drenched, so it doesn’t matter. And with that thought crossing her mind, Jill immediately let go and felt her panties warm up once more as trails of hot pee ran down her legs. She watched as it formed a small river towards the drain before she stepped under the shower head and let everything be washed away.

As Jill’s fingers ran through her hair as she shampooed it, she realized that she had to do some soul searching. She still wasn’t sure if she should just roll with her newfound feelings or check herself into the nearest shrink to find out what was going on. In the end, only time would tell.

*008*2022-08-01 14:57

{{On 7/30/2022 at 4:16 PM, Avery Fox said:

I really really love this story the confusion Jill feels and i am curious as to what more will happen

}}

Hehe only time will tell~

{{3 hours ago, ciceroman said:

Hey. Wow! This is so sensually written. I can really feel her. And wow, I was just as thrilled as her and as if it had been the first time for myself.

}}

Hehehe I didn’t think of it being sensual, but more fun, but I can totally see it! Glad that you’re enjoying it so far~ ^.^
