Torrie and Kaleigh’s Omo Adventures

Author: slick66

*000*2021-01-04 06:55

The Story of Torrie and Kaleigh

This is a story of a girl named Torrie and her best friend Kaleigh, who we will call Kay for short. I can only hope that I can bring my characters and story to life as nicely as in her story, but I’ve had these ideas kicking around for so long and I love reading all the stories that everyone on the forums share, I wanted to contribute in some way, so here we go…

The first part will set up the story and give a little background on the two main characters and how they started their interest in Omo individually and how they started a fun Omo adventure!

Background

Torrie and Kay had known each other for as long as they could remember. They lived in a small upper middle class neighborhood just inland about a mile or so from the beach. The summers were a little bit crazy in the town with people coming to visit the beach, but there was a ton of things to do in the quaint little ocean side town and the surrounding area. There was a boardwalk that was mostly empty in the off season from September - March over the winter. The boardwalk and the surrounding town had lots of shopping, restaurants, arcades, a few parks, lots of surf shops, a movie theater, everything you would want to have in a town.

Being that the beach was close, Torrie and Kay spent a lot of time there in the summers and often rode their bikes to the beach most days in the summer. Growing up, both girls longed to work in the main surf shop on the boardwalk and maybe even become life guards when they were a little older.

Torrie and Kay lived about 5 houses away from each other. The houses were very nice, but most of the properties in the neighborhood consisted of the actual house, and many of the houses in the neighborhood were fairly large. Many consisted of 5 or more bedrooms and although the houses were somewhat close together, they all had fenced in yards with decks and a decent amount of privacy from their neighbors. There were a few other kids that lived in the neighborhood, some were 3 or 4 years older than Torrie and Kay and there were a few others that were 4 to 8 years younger, so they were the only two in the neighborhood in the same grade at the time we will pick up our story.

Torrie was an only child and her dad had passed away when she was only 5 years old and her mom never remarried or dated much. Her dad had a really good job and left them a sizeable nest egg of money and Torrie’s mom worked part time around town while Torrie was growing up, but when Torrie was 15 and a freshman, she went back to work full time as an executive assistant in a large realty office in the town that handled a lot of the rental properties and worked a lot during the summers, but during the bulk of the school year worked from about 8:30 am to 5:30 pm in the office, knowing that Torrie was responsible enough to be home from school for a few hours every day by herself.

Kay was about 6 months younger than Torrie, and had 2 younger brothers, she was the big sister by 7 and 8 years. Her parents were really cool and often helped take care of Torrie when Torrie’s mom needed to pick up some extra part time shifts in her seasonal jobs after her husband passed and Torrie and Kay often spent time at each other’s houses after school doing homework and hanging out playing video games and chatting and texting with their other friends from school.

Torrie was a fairly petite and cute blonde, about 5’2” and 100 lbs. Kay was about the same height, 5’3” and 120 lbs, brunette, kind of plain Jane looking (cute), but what always stood out on Kay was that she always had incredibly large boobs for her age and size and she always cracking jokes on herself about how big they were. Both girls played soccer when they were younger, but as they got older, decided that they didn’t want to play for their high school teams, instead, they both wanted to focus on school and maybe getting jobs at the boardwalk instead to make money to start saving up for cars. The elementary school and the high school in town were both fairly small, maybe 200 kids per grade, so everyone pretty much knew everyone else, it wasn’t overly cliquey, and for the most part growing up, everyone got along. Most people that lived in the town growing up tended to stay in the town and raise their families there, so it was a nice place to live, work, and play…

The First Experiences

As a young girl that spent a lot of time at the beach, often time no where near a bathroom, it wasn’t uncommon for Torrie when she had to pee, to just run into the ocean and pee through her bathing suit and then come back out and do what you were doing on the beach or walking around on the boardwalk. It started as far as she could remember, she had asked her mom to take her to the bathroom and her mom said, just run in the ocean and go and she never asked again. She never had accidents and was a well potty trained kid, but whenever she was on the beach, she was peeing in her bathing suit.

Torrie remembered the first time she shared it with Kay, Kay was kind of weirded out about it, but as they spent more and more time at the beach, she started to do the same thing as well and no one ever seemed to really care. If their parents asked if they needed to go, they would just say, we went in the ocean, and it was accepted. Both girls never really thought much of it growing up and never really talked a whole lot about it, they just did it and it was always under water, so it never really felt weird or anything.

As Torrie started to get a little older, she often wondered what it would be like to just have the freedom to pee in her pants whenever she wanted to, but she never really acted on it as the thought of doing it in your real clothes was definitely not acceptable and would be quite embarrassing if anyone found out about it. Many times coming home from the beach before she would get in the shower, she would sneak a bit of a naughty pee in her bathing suite and then wash it out in the sink before she would jump in the shower.

It always felt so good to just either sit on the toilet and feel the warm pee soak up against her pussy or if she stood in the shower, she loved how it felt as it ran down her legs. Once she realized that the feeling of the warm pee also invoked other feelings in her, she started learning how to masturbate and really kicked her curiosity on peeing herself into full gear…. For the longest time, she kept this dirty little hobby to herself, embarrassed that if anyone found out about it, they would think she was a weirdo. She especially never thought about telling Kay about what she did, what would she think of her best friend??? Would she think I was dirty and disgusting for indulging in this at home...by myself….

Kay had a bit of a similar view on it as the girls started to get older and she had often wondered if some people did pee in their pants on purpose. Last Christmas she got her very own IPad to use for school work and for fun. Interestingly enough, one of the first things she did was google peeing pants. It was quite the eye opener for Kay as she realized there was a whole culture of people that peed in their pants...on purpose and actually liked it. Kay became quite mesmerized by the fact that people would do this on purpose in their clothes.

How do they hide it? Kay often did her own laundry, so she did figure that if she did try it once, she would be able to hide it fairly easily, but she was never quite brave enough to give it a try as she was always terrified that she would get caught. However, it didn’t stop her from always looking up pictures and videos of peeing and she found that she enjoyed watching girls pee in their pants quite a bit, even though she did have crushes on boys. It was sort of a weird trick that her mind would play on her.

She thought she liked boys, but she loved looking at beautiful girls, and especially loved looking at them wet. Lookingat the pictures and videos of all the pretty girls she found doing this on the internet almost made it seem like a normal thing and it often made her extremely horny to look at these pictures and videos to the point that almost every night before bed, she would often watch a few videos and masturbate, but for some reason, she was never daring enough to try peeing her pants herself.

Every time she thought about it, she just chickened out at the thought of trying to hide it. It never dawned on her to do what Torrie was doing as even that made her nervous that she would get caught. She often wanted to tell Torrie about it, but she wasn’t sure how Torrie would react if she knew she liked looking at other girls. Surely they had been friends for so long that she wouldn’t care right??? I mean, she liked boys too, she just appreciated a really good looking girl also, and Torrie did fit the bill.

How Torrie and Kay discovered their mutual like of peeing....

As Freshman year of high school started for both girls, they were both excited about the fact that they now got out of school around 2pm and would have a lot more time after school to get home, do homework, and while the weather was still somewhat warm, maybe catch a little beach and boardwalk time. The first day of Freshman year, the girls met at the end of their road and caught the bus to school that was only about a 10 minute ride with a handful of other stops to pick up some of their other classmates.

The first day started out great, both girls were in the same home room and had just about most of the same classes, lunch at the same time, gym at the same time, it was going to be such a fun year.

As both girls met up in the cafeteria on the first day, they chatted with their friends and each other and had a great time comparing first day notes up to this point. Torrie was gulping down water like it was going out of style because she was so thirsty, and then it was off to class after class. The final class of the day was social studies, a subject both of the girls really loved. Torrie sat down in class next to Kay and admitted that she had to pee, but didn’t have time to stop in between classes as in between every class, she was stopping to chat with someone she hadn’t seen in a while.

Kay instantly became a bit interested in her friend’s predicament. Class was only about 35 minutes long, but it was surely an interesting thought to watch Torrie squirm a little as she new she had to pee pretty bad. Torrie was wearing skin tight light jeans and a tight fitting white shirt that outlined her body perfectly. Kay had opted for a pair of tight black leggings that were probably pushing the limits of revealing every curve on her body and a similarly tight pink top, that her overly large boobs seemed to be squeezed into the top like two watermelons.

During the class, Kay was intently watch as Torrie was bobbing her leg up and down and then rubbing her thighs together, then she would open up her legs just enough to see the faint outline of Torrie’s womanhood through her jeans. Kay was almost entranced through the entire class and almost didn’t hear a word of what the teacher was even saying. Class went so fast, that it was over in a second.

Class ended and both girls headed to their lockers to get their stuff for the end of the day and then head to their bus. Torrie whispered to Kay, “Hey, I’m going to run to the bathroom real quick, I’ll be right back and then we can catch the bus.” On the way, Kay saw Torrie get stopped by a few girls that they used to play soccer with. They hugged and chatted. The whole time, Kay stared at Torrie rocking her leg and almost pulling the skin tight jeans she had on more and more up into her pussy, almost as it was becoming a damn to stop what looked like to be an eventual accident. Kay had never seen her friend so desperate to pee before, but she was really starting to tingle with excitement at the premise that her friend may pee her pants in front of her. But, then she also hoped that wouldn’t happen, as she knew that it would be extremely embarrassing for Torrie if that were to happen in front of all of their friends.

She watched as they chatted for a few more minutes and then Kay heard the sound of bus engines starting and realized the girls that Torrie was talking to were staying after school for sports, so they didn’t have to be anywhere. Kay ran over to Torrie and said hi to her friends and apologized for not coming over to say hi sooner and reminded Torrie that if they didn’t hit the road, they would be walking 5 miles home as Torrie’s mom worked and Kay’s mom worked part time until 3 and then went to pick up her younger siblings at after care at school.

Torrie thought, shit, we have to go. Kay said, will you be ok on the ride home? Yeah, Torrie said, I’ll be fine, it’s like 10 to 15 minutes and there’s only a few stops before us and a short walk. I’ll be fine. As they got to the bus just in time, and got to their seat, Kay realized Torrie was bouncing her legs quite a bit up and down. She leaned into Kay and said, I have to pee so bad, it’s not even funny. I wish we were at the beach and I could just jump in the ocean and PEE NOW!! Uggghhh. This just got Kay more and more excited and she couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She was trying to play it cool and not seem like she was too interested in Torrie’s predicament, but was trying to be more nurturing and assuring that they would make it home.

The 15 minute bus ride came to an end and the girls jumped off the bus and headed on the quick 5 minute walk home. Torrie’s house was first, then Kay’s house.

“Kay, I don’t know if I”m going to be able to even get the door unlocked, that’s how bad I have to go”, as she swung her backpack around from her shoulder and grabbed her keys out of her front pouch and gave them to Kay, all while on a very brisk walking pace now.

They reached the front door to Torrie’s house, Torrie was so desperate that she had jammed her hand into her crotch and was rubbing it and holding so it would make the sensation go away. Kay was like, damn Torrie, why didn’t you pee in school? “It just slipped my mind, it was crazy today. Open the goddamn door already!!!! I’m really going to pee my pants!” Kay suddenly got a bit mischievous and as she was getting ready to open the door, dropped the keys on purpose. “Ahhh, Kay, what the fuck!”

“Sorry, they slipped, which key is it…?”

“Kay, seriously, don’t mess with me like that damint.” Torrie wasn’t mad, she was actually laughing now.

“What if you just were to pee in your pants right here on the door step before you made it inside….” Kay was thinking, damn, did I really just say that out loud… I sure did. What will Torrie say about that?????

“Well, I guess I would make quite a mess of myself wouldn’t I...You would like it if I peed myself, wouldn’t you.” Torrie was really laughing now and her face was going bright red. “Kay, are you really not going to open the door for me??? Shit”.

Kay had to collect herself as she felt herself breathing really fast and heavy and getting really excited at the thought that Torrie wasn’t mad at her and thought she might be ok with the thought of peeing in her pants right now… “well, maybe, how much is it worth it to you for me to open the door” she chuckled, but all the while being really excited.

“Well, hopefully none of of our neighbors are watching me right now damnit!. I’ve never had an accident Kay and you’re going to make me have one, I can’t believe you” as Torrie doubled down to her knees laughing so hard that she now was on the brink of a full out accident. “Kay….help, please, it’s going to come out any second, I can’t stop laughing…..”

“Ok, give me a second….Slowly Kay fumbled around at the lock, she got the bottom lock undone...then got the key for the deadbolt lock. Put the key in and said, almost there… as to just push Torrie a little further. The whole time she was like, damn, how is she not peeing yet….I’m going go have to let her in and this will be a bit awkward now as I am now full on trying to make my best friend pee herself… but she had one last ditch trick and took out her water bottle and started to slowly spill it out on the ground, laughing the whole time and watching Torrie shake from laughing and holding…

“Oh shit...Torrie exclaimed. That’s it, I just peed a little. My panties are soaked now Kay…

“Let’s see…”

“I can’t show you my panties, what the fuck”.

“Shit, Kay!!! I’m peeing more, come on and open the door.!” Look at my jeans as she was still laughing, Kay could see a nice camletoe outline of Torrie’s pussy and an apple sized, very yellow we spot on her crotch… Kay figured, what the hell, I’ll just go for the final push here. She’s still laughing,so she’s not mad at me it appears.

“Come on, let me grab your bag and help you up”. As she started to help Torrie up, she started to tickle her sides mercilessly and Torrie erupted in laughter and tried dropping back to her knees. Kay was also behind her and was holding her arms from being able to reach her crotch to hold and then the levee broke….

She could hear a full on loud hissing noise and as she looked over Torrie’s shoulder, could see a full on yellow pee running down the insides of both of Torrie’s legs on the inseams, but it wasn’t getting her on the crotch that much.

Torrie was still laughing the whole time and teasing Kay saying, I can’t believe you made me pee myself. OHH My god, but it feels so fucking good right now and I can’t stop...Kay, I can’t stop….

“Let it out girl, she laughed” as she held her friend tight. Suddenly, Kay realized the pee that she didn’t see down Torrie’s front, was actually riding up her cute little but, to which Kay was pressed against and was now feeling wet warm pee on the front of her skin tight black leggins. Her first inclination was to drop Torrie from her grip, but realized Torrie’s body had pretty much gone limp with tiredness and she didn’t want to hurt her, so she held onto her as pee kept coming for what seemed like 2 minutes straight. Now almost every inch of Torrie’s light blue jeans was covered in a hot yellow pee and boy did she smell like PEE.

“Torrie, I think you’re peeing on me, I’m going to let you go…”

“Nope, she grabbed onto Kay from behind and held onto the waistband of Kay’s leggings…”To bad, you made me pee myself, so if you get wet, that’s your fault! Laughing the whole time…Finally Torrie stopped peeing and let Kay go.

“Torrie, your pee smells and I have to still go home”, and now it looks like I peed…

“Oh my god Kay, let’s get the fuck inside!”

Inside the house, Torrie was like, shit, I can’t believe I just peed my pants.

Kay feeling pretty bad and guilty now said “I”m really sorry, you aren’t mad at me are you?...

“No, I’m not mad at all, I think it’s kind of funny”.

“Ok, well, I’m covered in your pee now, so…

Both girls had a good chuckle and Kay was now starting to get herself worked up again at the sight of Torrie’s tight wet jeans with the bright yellow pee stains on them…

“Kay….Kay….are your staring at me????”

“Shit, sorry, I….just...umm….”

“It’s ok, I’m not mad at you, calm down. It was my fault for not going at school. Whatever, I’ll just throw them in the wash, hopefully this yellow stain comes out, holy shit, it’s yellow from not going all day”. Text your mom and tell her we have a group project that we need to get started on for Social Studies and we can get your leggings in the dryer too.”

“Great Idea” Done...my mom said no problem, just be home before dinner at 6.

“Cool, my mom won’t be home until 6 anyway from work”

“Torrie…”

“Yeah”?

“I have to admit something, I really wanted to watch you pee in your pants….oh god, I hope that doesn’t sound bad….”

“Ummm ok, that’s a bit interesting…, but ok”

“Ever since we’ve been going to the beach and peeing our bathing suites, I’ve been fascinated by watching girls pee their pants and something just came over me...oh god, am I a fucking weirdo????”

“Wow...um no, you’re not a weirdo at all, but you like watching girls??? Are you a…

“No, I’m not a lesbian… I like boys….I just like watching a pretty girl pee too… My god, I sound like such a weirdo….”

“Well, I have to admit something to you. I often come home from the beach, lock myself in my bathroom and pee in my bathing suit...So, you’re not weird at all.”

“Really???? SHIT, how did we never really discuss this with each other, we tell each other everything.”

“I guess I was a bit embarrassed by the whole thing and didn’t want you to think I was a weirdo” said torrie.

“Wow, I am really relieved” Kay said. “Umm, do you…”

“Do I what…?”

“Touch yourself?”

“Ummmm, that’s a bit personal, but I guess you just watched me soak myself and admitted that you liked it, so I guess I can admit that I will touch myself once in a while, how about you????”

“Yes, kay said a bit sheepishly, are your sure you’re not weirded out and mad at me???”

“NO, stop asking, but you better not tell anyone about this or that I peed my pants as she quipped laughing”

“GOD NO, I would NEVER!!!”

“Ok, calm down… Let’s go get something to drink I’m parched”, as Torrie grabbed a cold water from the fridge and a Diet Coke for Kay as that was her favorite.

“Torrie, you are soaked, and your pee is cold on my tights and it still smells as both girls laughed”.

“Do you want to go up and get changed? I’ll need to borrow some shorts or something while we wash these clothes”.

“Yeah, no prob, but let’s stop outside on the back deck real quick before we change, you owe me a favor now”...

“What’s that Torrie?”

“I want you to pee your pants too…”

“Umm, ok, I’ll do it! Kay exclaimed excitedly”.

The girls hit the back deck and Kay said, how should I do this”

“What do you mean, just stand there and let it out, you must have to go from school too”.

“Yeah, I can definitely pee….”

“ok, here’ we go…”. Kay stood there with her legs shoulder length apart. Torrie walked over to her friend and pulled her leggings up tighter against her but and pussy to see the full outline and Kay’s now visible panty line.

“What color panties are you wearing??”

“Mine were white, now yellow as torrie laughed”

“ white also...it doesn’t want to come out…”

“Just pretend like we are in the ocean, it will come”

“Kay closed her eyes and begin to push, and a trickle started… It was warm and wet now on the area that was cold with Torrie’s pee…. The stream cut off as it her mind said don’t pee your pants! “Come on peee…...peeee….”. More pee started to come out and run down her legs, now coming out full force, Torrie could hear Kay’s pee hissing out from her leggings as a nice puddle formed at her feet… Kay then realized, shit, I just peed into my sneakers, as she kicked them off quickly to avoid further damage….

“WOW Kay, that was a good pee”

“It feels so good, I have to admit, I’m kind of throbbing….and I kind of need to, maybe get some alone time in your shower…”

“Kay, what the fuck, you want to masturbate in my shower, we are moving our new found love of pee along a bit quick here, don’t you think???

“Well you said that you…”

“I’m just fucking with you…. you can do whatever you want…. Ok, let’s get up to my bathroom and get cleaned up and changed”...

Both girls headed up to Torrie’s bedroom and admired each other’s wet pants for a minute. Torrie feeling a bit jealous that you couldn't really make out Kay’s wet spot that much, but she was obviously soaked in yellow pee….

“I have to go again already Torrie exclaimed…”. I’m going to go stand in the shower and pee some more…”

“Can I watch…”

“Sure, weirdo…. As Torrie Laughed…

“Stop, panty wetter….”

Torrie got into her tub and with her legs somewhat crossed this time so the tight wet denim and her white cotton panties hugged her wet pussy and rubbed against her clit… she moved her right leg up and down to almost make the wet heavy fabric masturbate her clit…Kay’s heart was pounding out of her chest as she watched her friend stand there almost masturbating in front of her in her peed jeans…. As Torrie stood there for what seemed like 5 minutes, Kay was like… are you going to pee?

“Just wait a second, I’m working it up…”

“Working what up??? Kay said curiously “.

“Just watch, Torrie then started to rub herself with her right hand feverishly through here wet denim...slight moaning sounds begin to come from her…. Her eyes were closed as if she was in a trance… Kay’s chest was pounding so hard she thought Torrie could hear it… Her huge nipples were busting out of her top from excitement….She rammed her hand down her tights and felt the warm wet panties beneath her and her pussy was even wetter than ever. What is this…she thought, I’m not peeing...I’m...excited and WET as hell from that…..

Torrie unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them back a bit to expose her see through yellow peed in panties that were soaked to the waistband at this point and continued to rub feverishly, forgetting Kay was in the room and watching intention and also masturbating...and then all of the sudden let out a high pitched squeal…. and pee jetted out of the white panties and streamed into her wet jeans that were just at the top of her thighs…

Kay now was ready to explode, what the fuck did she just witness and she’s sitting in her own peed pants for the first time ever also…

Kay couldn’t resist and jumped into the shower and put her hand under stream of Torrie’s pee and then started to feel her friends pissy wet panties, “Rub it hard Kay”... all of the sudden Torrie stopped peeing for a minute and then dropped to her knees and seemed like she was in a trance, breathing really heavy….

“What was that...Kay asked”

“That was called an orgasm…”

“How did you...how did you know you could do that???”

“Lots of practice Kay”. Practice makes perfect, you’ll have one some day…. As she laughed”

Kay decided to squeeze out whatever pee she still had left in her as they were both standing in Torrie’s pee in the shower together…Torrie could see the glistening crotch on Kay’s tights and quickly pulled them down to expose Kay’s panties and see the pee come out of her pussy better.... This feels so wrong torrie, what did we do????

“Kay, that was the most incredible thing I’ve ever done, I don’t….”like” girls per say, but we are besties, so that doesn’t count right???:”

“ I suppose not… I think we just have a secret fun thing to share with each other from now on…”

As both girls stood there admiring each other’s wet panties, Torrie took a quick feel of Kay’s lovely round but that was totally see through in her wet panties by now… She also had a nice yellow tinge in her white cotton panties….

“We have to get washed up as Torrie through on the water and stepped out for Kay to get washed up. Towel is right here for you… I’ll go shower in our guest bathroom, bring your wet stuff downstairs and we will throw it in the wash!

Kay showered, feeling really dirty for what just happened, but really excited. Torrie was feeling the same way…

Both girls met in Torrie’s room as Kay needed to get some clothes to borrow…

The girls spent the next couple of hours just talking, doing homework, laundry, and vowing to keep this a secret from anyone else!

As it was time for Kay to head home, she put on her freshly washed clothes. Torrie’s jeans didn’t quite come all the way clean, almost as if she didn’t put the right detergent in the wash, so Torrie was a bit upset with the fact that her favorite jeans were kind of messed up now, so she hid them away in her closet, as she had plent of other similar pairs…

Kay left and the girls both agreed that this was going to be a fun school year… and Kay said, maybe I will tell my mom I have to come by tomorrow after school again… I’ll pack something to have fun in and bring it over.. Torrie said, that sounds like a plan and you can probably just leave some stuff in my room… my mom never comes in here…

Ok, see you tomorrow the girls, hugged and Kay went on her way…

Hope you enjoyed..

*004*2021-01-05 03:19

First Night Aftermath

After both Torrie and Kay ate dinner with their families and made small talk, exclaiming how their day at school was good and pretty “uneventful”... they both couldn’t wait to get back to their bedrooms to reflect on what happened after school. Both girls were still a bit in disbelief on just how fast their day escalated in to pretty much a place their friendship had never gone. It was all a bit surreal to both of them considering they had both been hiding this secret love of pee in one way or another. Torrie essentially shared that she does like to pee herself in her shower and masturbate to it and Kay, while never peeing herself on purpose, had a love of watching girls pee and all in a matter of moments, everything was out on the table and just moving in full speed.

Kay laid in bed watching TV, but not really paying any attention to it. The entire time her mind kept drifting to watching Torrie have a full blow accident in her jeans and enjoying it and then actually touching her while she peed more. She could still feel the warm, wet, slippery pee in her mind. She had changed into a pair of skin tight pink cotton shorts that she had and still wore the white panties she had peed in earlier, but were freshly washed at Torrie’s. The entire time in bed she just kept running the incident over and over and started to get extremely worked up. Her nipples were totally poking through her plain, snuggly fitting white t-shirt.

Every shirt she had was snug because of her large breasts and she often was self conscious when she new her nipples were hard as they were always visible through whatever bra and shirt that she wore, but now it didn’t matter as she lay in bed. She kept thinking of how Torrie had an orgasm and she grabbed her IPad and began looking up how to orgasm, as she too wanted to experience what looked like an incredible heart pounding experience that Torrie had.

Five houses away, Torrie told her mom, she was going to hit the sack early tonight, as she was tired from the first day and wanted to just get a good solid night of sleep. As she was up in her room sitting at her desk, she began looking up peeing your pants on the internet to see what Kay was looking at. She saw a bunch of sites come up immediately, but she wasn’t quite sure where to start. It all seemed a bit strange to be so interested in watching other girls wet, but what happened today had fueled a crazy desire in her to check some stuff out. She decided to text Kay…

“Kay, when you said you like to look up girls peeing on the internet today… you have any sites that you like to look at?”

Kay’s heart almost jumped out of her chest as the phone buzzing on her nightstand scared the crap out of her… as she gained her composure from lightly caressing her pussy through her tight shorts, she thought...wow, that’s an interesting text…. “Sure, here’s a few that I like to look at, one of the best is ormoroshi.org, tons of cool content, that will keep you busy for a long time...LOL”.

“Maybe you’ll get some ideas there too….haha”.

“Thanks Kay, I’ll check it out!”

Kay was now even more insanely horny at the thought that her bestie, and new found pee buddy, was looking up peeing...what the fuck, is this real??? I can’t believe this is happening. Kay was still reading about orgasm techniques while gently caressing her pussy. The entire time she was doing it, she started feeling the crotch of her panties getting damper and damper from her masturbating… Suddenly she realized she needed to pack an outfit for some potential after school shenanigans for tomorrow. She figured she would do it before she fell asleep, so she jumped up and found an old pair of white cotton panties that were probably a little small and worn out.. What type of pants do I bring? Leggings? Jeans? Shorts? Hmm, so many choices.

She had old pairs of each that she knew if she packed and left at Torries, she wouldn’t really care, so she grabbed an old pair of jeans that were probably a size too small, but she could still squeeze into, even though they were a little uncomfortable, she new she was not going to be wearing them all day. She found another pair of same tight cotton shorts she was wearing, just in light green, and an old pair of tight white cotton leggings that she never wore, because they were a little too revealing and a bit thin, so they always showed her underwear, so she was always too self conscious to wear them. What the hell, let’s throw in pair of pink panties too.

Back into bed, the idea of what was ahead tomorrow was just too much, she couldn’t get comfortable, she couldn’t sleep and her nipples were still rock solid. It was about 12 midnight now and she was wide awake and had to pee pretty bad. She was sure everyone else had already gone to bed, as she peaked out of her bedroom door and heard nothing and saw no lights on upstairs or downstairs where her parent’s room was. I have to do something…. I have to sleep! I wonder if I were to just indulge in a little private fun, maybe I can try to get some of it out of my system she thought. She went into her bathroom that was connected directly to her bedroom and shut the door and locked it to be safe.

What should I do, should I sit on the toilet and pee, sit in my bathtub and pee, stand in the bathtub and pee…. I can’t run the water in the bath after or my parents will wonder what’s going on, but I can just leave it until morning when I take a shower before school… Yeah, that’s what I’m going to do, I’m going to sit in the tub. Kay plugged the drain and sat down. As she sat in the tub, she pulled her legs up so her shorts pushed tighter against her pussy. Her heart pounding, she was starting to wonder, what am I doing… this just feels so naughty to be doing right now… as she sat with her legs pulled in towards her chest, she relaxed her muscles and let out a large spurt of pee that instantly soaked her crotch and ran all down her butt, turning her light pink shorts a nice dark pink, but instinctively she clenched and stopped. The fabric was wet, slippery, and heavy around her crotch as she felt it with her righ hand, and her left hand trying to calm down her rock hard nipples.

She relaxed again and watched her crotch glisten as the hot pee squirted out through the fabric, down her but more, and into the tub, which now had a noticeable yellow puddle that formed around her curvy little butt. It went cold fairly fast in the cold tub. She stood up and looked at her but in the mirror and realized that she was sitting on her T-shirt and the back of it was tinged yellow and see through. Shit, she thought, I didn’t want to do that, but too late now… She loved the way her ass looked with the dark wet patch on it. She pulled down her shorts to check out her white panties underneath, that now had a nice yellow hue and had already gone see through from the pee.

As she stood there, she let out another hot jet that ran down her legs and soaked the front and pooled up in her half pulled down shorts. She quickly pulled them up and the pee splashed down her legs and re-warmed her throbbing pussy. She slipped her hand inside the shorts and her panties and begin to rub her clit furiously with the warm wet and slippery pee that was covering her pussy. As she was doing that, she forced out more pee to get her fingers more slick. More hot pee ran down her legs and the front of her shorts were soaked all the way up the front. Now she was standing in a little puddle, she sat down with a little splash in the pee and rubbed herself furiously in the puddle for about 10 minutes. Her bladder seemed to be filling more and more as she was masturbating.

She was getting ready to stop when all of the sudden she was getting this crazy feeling that the pee was going to explode out of her any second… She kept rubbing furiously and her body went totally numb… she just felt this incredible feeling in her pussy and she let out a loud moan without even thinking… she snapped quickly back to reality and slammed her hand over her own mouth while still rubbing and was like… Shit, I hope that wasn’t too loud… the rooms were pretty sound proof, so she was pretty confident no one would have heard it, but she also wasn’t quite sure how loud she really was…. As she sat there in a pee puddle, feeling relieved, she was wondering if that was what her orgasm was supposed to feel like. She sat there and just relaxed and let the rest of her full bladder empty, just hissing full force as it came out. Her shorts were completely saturated now, not a dry spot on them, and her shirt was getting wet half way up to her tits…

As the puddle grew to a huge size in the tub, she rolled over on her stomach and pushed out the last bit of pee as she rubbed her pussy into the puddle and against the tub… Pee now rolled up the front of her shirt and completely exposed her boobs, she was totally covered in pee at this point. She stood up dripping all over and covered in yellow pee and thought, crap, I have to get these off and get into bed with pee all over my skin…. WTF was I thinking… I can’t take a shower at 1am, that will surely be heard by her parents.

She opened the drain and let the puddle go down…. and stripped her clothes off and left the in the tub for the morning, she would just rinse them out and then put them in the bottom of her laundry basket for when she did laundry at the end of the week… She grabbed her towel and wiped herself down as much as she could, although she was still a bit sticky from the pee all over her body. She went into her room, grabbed another pair of light blue cotton shorts, no panties and a T-shirt and drifted quickly into LALA Land…

It was about 2 AM at Torrie’s house and she was still scrolling through videos, pictures, and stories, her mind was on sensory overload. She realized it was 2am and she had to wake up in 4 hours to get up and get ready for school. Shit, I have to get into bed now. Torrie got into bed and quickly fell asleep. Torrie’s mind was still in and out of sensory overload even as she slept. Even though she was sleeping, she was still looking at pictures and videos… She really had to pee, so she got up to pee. Stumbling into her bathroom, she sat down on the toilet and was waiting to pee. She had to pee really bad, but nothing would come out. Then she started to pee, and pee, and pee, for what seemed like 25 minutes, it just didn’t stop… what the hell was going on, I just can’t stop peeing…. All of the sudden, her mind woke her up and she realized that she was not really in the bathroom, but she was still tucked into bed… and peeing in her light gray leggings… HOLY FUCK she thought.

Did I really just pee in bed… what the fuck just happened. She quickly stopped the flow and realized that she was pretty wet from the crotch to her butt, her panties were soaked. Shit the bed… she threw on the light, realizing it was only 4am…. She was so worked up, her mind put her into a state of thinking she was really on the toilet peeing. It wasn’t too bad, just a small wet spot on her dark blue sheets, nothing crazy, she peeled the sheets back and nothing on the mattress… thank god. What the hell. She’d never remembered even having night time accidents as a kid, but she was so engrossed in all her day’s pee activity, her mind just wanted to make her pee…. Well, my leggings are pretty soaked, I can’t wear these now… Fuck, I’m wide awake now she thought as her heart was still pounding out of her chest…. Then she realized her bladder was ready to explode again…

Well, I’m already wet, I wonder what will happen if I let a little more out. Standing on the hardwood floor in her room, she tried to let out just a little bit more and huge torrent screamed out of her pussy and down both legs and onto the floor, she managed to stop, but she had a pretty big puddle on the floor… Shit, I didn’t want to do that… she felt another wave come and she sprinted for her bathroom, dripping pee along the floor as she ran, she threw up the seat and just sat on the toilet peeing full force through her panties and leggings… while she was peeing, she feverishly started masturbating her cute little tight pussy…. within seconds she had an orgasm so intense she almost fell off the toilet as pee still dripped from her ass into the toilet…

Holy shit, what a mess I made, as she gained her composure and realized what she just did. She quickly stripped down, rinsed out her clothes, grabbed a bag and threw them in her closet. She put a towel down on her bed under the wet spot to protect the mattress and tried to get about another hour’s worth of sleep, which I was no problem, she was so tired when the alarm went off that 60 minutes after…

On the way to wait for the bus the next morning, Torrie told Kay, I can’t wait to tell you what happened to me last night…. “what, tell me now”!

“Nope, can’t bus is coming…we have to wait until later”....

*009*2021-01-06 04:12

The 2nd “Date”

School went rather uneventful, but seemed to drag on for hours for both Torrie and Kay. Both kept thinking about what craziness was going to take place after classes got out today. Once the last bell rang, both girls hit their lockers, said goodbye to some of their friends and ran to the bus.

As they sat on the bus, Kay opened up her bag and gave Torrie a quick sneak peak as to what outfits she had brought to pee in. Torrie was wearing a pair of tight Khaki pants that showed off her tight body and she was wearing a pair of little white cotton booty shorts under them to not show a panty line and a tight black top that hugged her breasts nicely as she wore a push up bra to give her a nice perky look today. Kay had decided to wear a pair of black jeans and a nice white top.

As she leafed discreetly through the options in her bag, Torrie’s eyes lit up on the white cotton leggings. Without saying anything, Kay knew that was Torrie’s choice. Not a word was spoken as both girls were just incredibly horny. Both needed to pee pretty bad, but not to the point of having an accident at all.

As they got off the bus Kay said, So what the hell happened last night??

“Holy Shit Kay, I was looking at videos all night, realized it was 2am, just jumped into bed and at 4am, I woke up to go to the bathroom and I was peeing and peeing and peeing, only the problem was, I wasn’t really fucking awake!”

“Wait, I don’t understand, you were sleep walking??”

“NO, I was so worked up, that I started to pee my bed!!! I caught it quick enough that I didn’t really get it on the bed, but then I ran to the bathroom and sat and peed through my pants the rest of the way and had a fucking crazy orgasm, it was a little scary though that I peed a little in my sleep.”

“WOW, shit, I wish I saw that Kay laughed!”

“I have to admit, I locked myself in the bathroom last night and peed myself in the tub and sat in my pee and masturbated. I think I had an orgasm?? My body went a little numb, it was quick and I was a bit exhausted after, what do you think?”

“Sounds like it!, and it sounds super hot”

“It was hot….then cold….”

As the girls approached the house, they were deciding the best place to play without making a huge mess. We could do it in the back yard they thought, but they didn’t want to risk the one house that had a small partial view of the back yard to see anything if someone happened to be looking out the back window, even though Torrie was sure they weren’t home.

Let’s just use my bathroom shower, that can easily be cleaned and we won’t make any messes. How bad to you have to pee Torrie asked Kay…

“Umm, I have to pee, but not to the point of having an accident or anything.”

“Same… let’s go grab 2 large Ice Teas and pound those down first.”

“Sounds good to me, I’m pretty thirsty, I haven’t really drank much today, so my pee will be a lovely yellow I’m sure…”

Both girls grabbed two large 32 oz Ice Tea cans and started to drink them. While they were drinking, Kay asked, “Do you think any other girls in school do this too???”

“What, pee themselves on purpose?”

“Yeah, we can’t be the only ones right??”

“Well, Kay, I don’t know… that’s a great question… I wonder if there are also”

“Let’s make a list while we are drinking of girls we think pee their pants for fun”

“Ok, I can tell you that I think Katie does. She’s always making statements like, stop making me laugh or I’ll piss my pants, or I was pissing myself that I was laughing so hard, shit like that. I never thought much about it, but I bet she’s a pisser!”

“Yeah, good point Tor, she’s on the list, and she’s so fucking pretty too, with her beautiful natural blonde hair, perfectly tanned body 365 days a year, and she said that her mom even takes her for Brazilian waxes! I mean, we always shave every day, but that shit’s extreme” as both girls laughed.

“Yeah, she is always perfectly tanned and she’s always wearing jeans a size too small and shirts a size too small...haha, she loves showing the body”.

“She’s such a sweetheart though, Right Tor?”

“Totally,ok, you give me someone now”

“I would almost bet Nicole, little Niki, is definitely a wetter. One of the things I always remember is when I was on her soccer team, she would pee in her soccer shorts on purpose at practice sometimes. You would see her sitting in the grass and when she stood up, you would sometimes see pee dribble down her legs. I first thought it was just sweat, but then I asked her one day… did you just pee???” She said, yeah, I had to go, so I just popped a squat, no one can see it…. I have to admit, that was what first got me into watching girls pee and then we weren’t on the same team the next year and I would never ask her again. I love her to death, we are still really good friends”. (Nicole was another cute little blonde, only about 5 foot (if she was lucky) still played soccer, had an unreal body, the most adorable face, and always wore super tight jeans, leggings that showed every crevice in her lower body, and she had nice perky breasts for a small girl, but just right for her size”

“Damn, no way! Kay, we might have to discuss that further and see how we can maybe have her over some time”

“Sure, I’ll just call her up and ask her if she wants to come and pee with us…that will go over great!”

“No, we won’t do that, we will try to do some investigative reporting… we will come up with a way to flush it out...no pun intended”

“Smooth Tor, smooth….”

“Niki and Katie are pretty good friends, Katie still plays soccer also, I wonder if it’s a soccer thing...Peeing soccer girls….”

“Most of the girls sit together and were sorry that we both stopped playing before high school Tor, maybe we will have to have a sleep over party one night and play some games….”

“Listen, Kay, in two weeks my mom is going to a real estate convention down in Atlantic City next weekend. She leaves Friday, comes home on Sunday that weekend. She would definitely let you stay over, I bet if I ask her if I could have 1 or 2 other old soccer girls over just for the night, she won’t mind and your mom will be right down the road. I’m sure if they told their parents they were staying at your house, you guys can just come here for a little while. We can figure something out.”

“Sounds like a plan, we will work it out! Pee Party!!!” Both girls cracked up laughing.

Torrie was clutching her crotch as she laughed, the 32 oz iced tea had definitely pushed her over the edge now…”Fuck Kay, stop making me laugh, I’m totally to the point I was at yesterday, maybe worse. If I stand up, I might piss myself”

“Well, perfect, that’s what we’ve all been waiting for folks!”

Torrie chucked again as she jammed her hand down into her crotch again… “stop, it’s really going to come out” I don’t want to pee in these pants… Shit… she could see a small triangle shaped wet spot hugging her puffed up pussy, that was now aching and her stomach was so distended, it was hanging over the waistband of her skin tight khaki pants… “Damn, Kay, my panties are soaked...I can’t move, It’s really going to come out”.

“What are you going to do, pee on your bedroom floor…” Kay chucked sinisterly.

“Ummm, yeah, I might, like I”m not fucking around, I’m kind of frozen in place right now”

“Damn, I can’t wait to see you soak these pants”

“No, I need you to go grab me a pair of black leggings or something please or even my jeans from yesterday, they are in the closet in the back right corner”

“How the hell are you going to get into them if you can’t move dumbass?”

“Shit, true” and suddenly another spurt of pee shot out and made her wet patch bigger.

“I see it getting bigger...you’re kind of fucked Tor, sorry”

“What about you, why aren’t you squirming yet?

“Oh, I need to go, but I have a pretty good bladder, I can hold it forever Tor. White leggings right?”

“Umm, fuck yeah, you read that right”

“Ok”, Kay grabbed her white leggings and little white cotton panties out of her bag, her nipples were doing their tell tail poke out of her tight top, alerting Torrie that Kay was really starting to get worked up.

“High beams are on Kay!”

“Shut up, I can’t help it that my boobs are big, my nipples are so embarrassing”, as she held her hands over them”

“Oh stop, I’m just teasing”

Kay slipped her jeans off and dropped her pink panties, exposing her perfectly shaved pussy and her curvy tight but. It was a perfectly shaped but, Kay was just a perfectly curvaceous girl. Not skinny, not chunky...curvy, but really tight, no jiggle anywhere on her.

Torrie stared Kay up and down…’Damn Kay, look at that ass girl!” Kay turned around and did a little twerk for Torrie with her bare ass, exposing her thick luscious pussy lips from behind, which were now extra swollen from being so horny.

“How can you do that and not PEEEEEEEE….FUCK, more is coming out, it’s running down my butt Kay….”

“Yes it is” as she could now see a nice glistening wet spot on Torrie’s crotch…

Torrie half rolled over and showed Kay her wet patch on her butt.

“Kay, are you just going to stand there naked?”

Kay bent over further with her ass in Torrie’s face showing her pussy lips right in Torrie’s face now”

Torrie slapped her right on the ass and Kay screamed, and fell to the ground laughing… fuck that hurt… you left a hand print on my ass”

“You need to get some sun girl and that won’t happen: Torrie laughed and peed some more down her but and the inside of her thighs now had a bit of a wet patch working down them.

Kay slid on her panties that just barely covered her ass and pussy, in fact, the sides of her pussy peaked out from beyond the small panties, and it was making Torrie extremely horny as Torrie rubbed her pussy through her wet pants to primarily stop from peeing, but also because she felt really horny at the same time. Up went the tight thin cotton leggings that hugged every curve, but you could still see her white panties underneath them also and the outline of her pussy looked amazing in these leggings.

“Damn Kay, those are revealing…everything…”

“I know, that’s why I don’t wear them really, they’re really too small and not appropriate to wear in front of anyone, especially with two little brothers at home”

“Good point, but perfect for here!”

“That’s why I brought them, ok, are we going in your bathroom, or should I just sit down on the floor in front of you and slowly soak these leggings with hot, yellow, wet, slippery, smelly, pissssssssssssssssssss…. like Torrie needing to pissssssssssssssss”

“Bitch, I’m peeing more….” Torrie’s little tight khakis started to glisten with shiny rivulets of pee that ran down her butt and onto the floor forming a puddle. Then it stopped again as quickly as it started, but there was a fairly sizeable puddle under Torrie’s ass now… “Kay, help me up so I can get off this floor, we can’t pee in here, we have to get into the shower”.

“Why, it’s a wood floor, we just need to get some towels and wipe it up”.

“I guess, I’m just afraid it will start going towards my throw rug”

Kay grabbed the rug and rolled it into the side of the room…”problem solved, and we have to do laundry anyway, I’ll grab a couple towels from the bathroom”

“Ok, well, I guess….” all of the sudden, Kay heard a really loud audible hissing, Torrie’s face got hot and red and her eyes closed in ecstasy, breathing heavy and moaning every so quietly...whispering to Kay, fuck...this feels so fucking good right now…”. The puddle was growing bigger and bigger by the second, forming what was about a 5 foot diameter around her. “Goddam Torrie, are you ever going to stop?”

“Still coming out, I think… I’m so numb I can’t even tell” she jammed her had in her waistband and felt her soaked and slippery cotton panties…”still going”. She pressed her clit really hard and almost instantly had an orgasm, but she held back and stopped herself before exploding…

“Kay the entire time couldn’t stop watching, she was mesmerized and not even realizing, she was rubbing her pussy through her tights, sporting a really hot camletoe. She slowly and consciously pushed some pee into her panties and leggings, warming up her hand and dripping down onto the floor a title bit, instantly turning her white leggings almost see through and yellow…

“Torrie….wake up dear, I’m ready to pee”

“Torrie snapped back to reality” as she could see Kay’s pussy through her see through yellow pants. “Damn, that was my pee yesterday” she laughed..

“Yeah, I suppose it is quite yellow, I like the way it looks though when you have hot yellow pee on white pants and panties...definitely my favorite videos to save”

“You save them Torrie asked”

“Yeah, of course, that way I can go back and watch whenever I want without looking them up again.”

Torrie stood up and showed off her pants that were now clinging to her skin and completely dripping with pee from the puddle she was sitting in. Now her socks were totally soaked in pee.

Kay stripped off her shirt exposing her bra and her boobs that barely fit into the bra and began to walk towards Torrie with her nipples just popping…

“Unhook me please…”

“Umm, are you sure Kay…”

“Yeah, you’ve neve seen boobs before, this bra is killing me, the girls need to come out, they’re dying right now”

Torrie unhooked Kay’s bra exposing her large breasts. She couldn’t help herself and reached out and tweaked Kay’s nipple, causing Kay to scream again and pee some more into her leggings. Yellow pee now was halfway down the insides of her legs. She also realized she was standing in Torrie’s pee, which was now getting cold on the floor. “Your pee is cold”

“Warm it up”

“Ok, here goes the big flood….” Kay cupped her hand over her pulsating pussy and let more pee out, now cupped in her hand, she tossed a big handful of pee towards Torrie, hitting her across the shirt…

“Kay, What the fuck”..

“That’s for slapping me and pitching me biatch…” she stopped peeing for a second, and was now soaked halfway up her butt, down to her ankles and up to her belly button in front.

“Haha, ok, well, I guess so”

Kay’s leggings were totally see through now. You could make out her butt cheeks that were hanging out of her panties and her side pussy hanging out of her panties in the front. All of the sudden, Kay just sat in the puddle of mixing pees on the floor and wiped her butt around, rolled over and wiped her front and her boobs in the pee and started to wipe it on her body. She rolled back over and pulled her legs up exposing her totally soaked ass and pushed hard and more pee jetted out, soaking her more… Torrie reached down and felt that hot pee coming out of Kays rock hard pussy lips, they were so puffed from being hornny, it was crazy.

“Make me have an orgasm like you do Torrie”. Pee still coming out a little bit in spurts as she pushed out the last bit of her bladder….

Torrie rubbed Kay’s wet slippery pussy and felt how hot her crotch was. She got close to Kay and slipped her hand down the front of her pants, feeling how wet she was from pee and being hornny. There was lots of noises being made by Torrie’s hands and her fingers going in and out of Kay’s pussy as she found Kay’s clit with her thumb and went to town… and in 2 minutes, Kay was breathing so heavy, she almost couldn’t breath and suddenly screamed… oooohhhh my god Torrie, Holy shit, that was...shuddering…. that was...shuddering again….

“Wow, I made you speechless huh, I guess I got it….”

“I….think….you did, holy shit….”

“Ok, my turn” she unbuttoned her pants, and slid them down as they were sticking to her legs, got them off with her socks as she squelched along in huge pee puddle on the floor, her pants were now laying in it.

Her white panties were also completely see through and Kay could make out everything in Torrie’s panties, including her clit that was sticking out into the wet panties. “Man, you have a nice looking puss Tor”

“Such a way with words Kay, ok, give me your hand” She jammed Kay’s hand down her panties and placed it on her hard clit. As Kay started to rub furiously, it took Torrie about 30 seconds and her body went limp and she moaned loudly and shuddered… Damn, that was fucking awesome Kay… I’m sweating through my shirt… Kay quickly grabbed it and pulled it over Torrie’s head and in one quick swoop, unlatched her bra. Torrie a little embarrassed, quickly covered up, but Kay pulled her hands away…

“Let’s jump in the shower Tor”

“Ok, you can take this one and I’ll go in the spare”

“No we can go together, for shit sakes, we just made out with each other”

“Haha, true”

The girls cleaned up the room, did their laundry without anyone suspecting anything, did some homework.

“I have to baby sit the next couple days for my brothers, but maybe Friday night we can hang out and do a sleep over?”

“Sounds great Kay, I’ll see you tomorrow at school!”

“Yes you will, don’t pee your bed tonight…”

“Thanks bitch, don’t pee your bed...haha”

“Don’t you worry, I won’t, but I might pee in my shower tomorrow later, I have some clothes that I’m keeping for peeing at home and now here’s the ones for me to leave here”

“Cool, they’ll be here for you for Friday…love you bitch”

“Love you girl, see you tomorrow” as Kay left….

*011*2021-01-07 11:34

Party Planning -

Kay and Torrie finished out their week fairly uneventfully as they both looked forward to getting together and planning how to carry out their “investigation” on other girls that they suspect might be into what they are into as well…

Friday’s final bell rang and both girls hit the bus and headed home. They got off the bus and headed towards their respective houses.

“Ok Tor, I’ll see you after dinner with the fam later and we can come up with a plan for next weekend”

“Sounds great!, see you later”

As Torrie arrived home, she still had about 3 ½ hours to herself and over the last few days hadn’t really had time to indulge in any pee play as she’s had tons of homework, but today, she didn’t really have much to do at all going into the weekend, so she was excited just to go home and rest up and get ready for tonight’s sleepover with Kay. Even though the girls had spent a lot of time together, it’s been quite a while since Kay has actually stayed overnight.

Torrie decided that she would wear the super tight grey leggings that she wore the other night when she had her little night time accident and what have become her favorite white cotton panties to pee in and took a little nap on the couch in her living room.

Torrie’s mom got home from work and woke Torrie up and was holding a pizza from their favorite local place. They ate, caught up on small talk and chit chatted about different things such as school and Torrie’s mom’s upcoming trip to AC.

“Mom, I know that this is the first time you are going to let me stay home by myself for the weekend when you go away next week, would you mind if Kay comes over on Friday after school and then I’m going to help her baby sit on Saturday night when her parents go to dinner. Would that be ok?”

“Sure, I think that would be ok, I’ll call Kay’s mom to make sure she is comfortable with it, but you girls have always been so responsible, I don’t think she will have much of an issue with it and you’ll be able to keep each other company and at least I’ll know you aren’t totally alone”.

After dinner was over, Torrie’s mom called Kay’s Mom and had a nice conversation about the weekend as Kay made her way over to Torrie’s house for the night. Kay’s mom agreed that she would be ok with it. Kay had arrived at the house while the two moms spoke and afterwards, Torrie’s mom mentioned to the girls that it looked like everything was good and they could spend the night and then Torrie would spend the next night helping babysit at Kay’s and she would be home around lunchtime on Sunday.

After chit chatting with Torrie’s mom for a while, both girls headed downstairs to their family room where they had a big screen TV, gaming tables, video games, Torrie’s dad’s bar and her dad’s old office was downstairs. Sometimes Torrie got sad, wondering what it would be like if her dad was still around, but she enjoyed the fun room that he had created and she spent a lot of time having fun down there. Torrie’s mom rarely spent time down there it made her far too sad to be amongst her husbands stuff, which on one had, Torrie knew they would have some time to play around and talk about next weekend, and Torrie’s mom would likely be turning in for bed around 9:30, so they would far outlast her in terms of staying awake and Torrie was very refreshed from her nap.

“I took a nice long Nap Kay, so I’m feeling pretty good”

“Me too! I feel so much better. I spoke to Katie today about coming over next weekend, saying we wanted to have a little soccer reunion get together, and she thought it would be a fun idea. Lizzie came by in the middle of the conversation and said that she would be in too, I hope you don’t mind, I do really like her, she’s a lot of fun, and she’s really hot”

“That’s cool with me, I like her a lot and she is really pretty, I love her long hair, it’s so pretty, I spoke to little Niki and she’s totally on board and I also mentioned it to Alyssa and she said she’s in also. So that makes 6 of us total, we will keep it there or it will start getting out of control”

“Agreed, we still have to make sure that they don’t tell their parents that your mom won’t be home or they might not be able to stay over”.

“Yeah, I think we will be ok, Niki said her mom won’t care at all and won’t say anything anyway and Alyssa’s mom is going out of town and she said her dad pretty much lets her do whatever”

“Cool, pretty much got the same with Katie and Lizzie, and Katie’s mom is a total Hippie anyway and totally lets Katie do anything she wants and Lizzie’s told her mom that she will be with Katie, so I think we are all good”

“Awesome, that sounds good”

Kay and Torrie spent the next hour or so texting with the group on the plan and everyone had confirmed with their parents that next week they would be good and it was all arranged. The girls were all excited as they hadn’t had a good old fashion slumber party in ages and were all looking forward to it. After all, it was a pretty small little town, and most of the girls had known each other for as long as they could remember and were all friendly with each other all the time. Boys had not really gotten into the picture for most of the girls yet, but Kay and Torrie figured they might get some scoops on any new crushes and if anyone was actually dating or not and such, however, it was not uncommon and not uncommon for there to be an unusual amount of girls ending up with girls and guys with guys in this little sleepy shore town. There was an unusual ratio of it in fact… but no one seemed to care, everyone was happy. In fact, Lizzie had 2 moms.

Once plans were set, the girls were totally psyched about next weekend. They started to set up the basement fun room the way they wanted, Torrie’s mom was going to leave her some money to do a food delivery on Friday for herself, and she had a stash of savings to get stuff for the girls to snack on and such as they planned what they wanted from their favorite pizza place to be delivered. The girls figured that they would spend most of the evening down here with the girls as it was a huge area, they had a huge 3 part sectional couch that was just the most comfortable thing ever, it was leather, but amazingly soft.

They had the big 72 inch TV, a pool table, a ping pong table, a few arcade games, a surround sound music system, cool lighting, it was definitely set up to be a family entertainment area that was sorely underutilized these days. Nice hardwood flooring throughout finished off the super cool room that had nice soft throw carpets spread in different areas as well. They had Torrie’s room and figured her and Kay would stay up there, they had 2 guest bedrooms and figured that they could have pairs in both of those rooms or singles and 2 girls could sleep on the couches in the basement, whatever everybody was comfortable with, or who knows, there were 2 large air mattresses in the closet from when Torrie’s dad went camping, so they could even all hang in the basement.

Now that everything was set, it was getting late and the girls had been working so hard on everything, Torrie looked to Kay and said, I have to pee, what about you Kay?

“Yeah, I definitely have to go too now that you mention it, what time is it?”

“It’s about 12:30am already, damn, where did time go…”

“Shit, I didn’t even realize it, usually I’m ready for bed, but I’m so amped up right now, I’m wide awake, but definitely could use a pee and some rest.”

“You want to watch a movie or anything Kay? Or you want to head upstairs to bed, I can get the air mattress out for you, you can sleep in one of the guest rooms, or...I mean….the bed is queen sized, there’s more than enough room for you if you want to just hang with me…”

“Cool with me, I can hang with you.” As Kay walked around the basement, she looked over at the beautiful bar over in the corner of the room. “Tor, we can use the bar area for all the food and such. Have you ever…”

“What’s that Kay?”

“Tried alcohol?”

“Yeah, I’ve tried some of my mom’s wine before, it’s ok, not my favorite thing, but she’s let me sip a title to taste it as I was curious about it, what about you?”

“No, but I know some of the girls have drank already, Katie’s older sister who’s in college apparently bought alcohol for Katie and some girls before, at least that’s what Katie claims”

“I’m not surprised there, definitely quite the liberal family they have”

“Yeah, I suppose you’re right, have you ever taken a look back here...behind the bar”

“I mean, yeah, I live here, there’s a ton of stuff back there, probably 50 different bottles of stuff, but my mom doesn’t really drink any of that stuff, she mostly just likes wine and occasionally she’ll have a beer, that stuff kind of just sits there.”

“Let’s just take a look at what’s back here”

“Ok, why not”

The girls went back behind the huge mahogany wooden bar that had several shelves full of every single alcohol you could possibly imagine, all neatly organized in groups, about 10 different vodkas, many with fruit flavors, a couple plain ones, some totally unopened, some with varying states of use. There was a section of tequilas, about 6 different ones, darker bottles that were labeled with scotch, whiskey, bourbon, but they all looked the same to the girls, they wondered what the difference was. There were tons of fun flavored looking ones, chocolate, coffee, rum, mint liquors, it was just insane the amount of different things behind the bar.

“Torrie, we have to taste one of these chocolate ones”

“Chocolate?? Yeah, I would be in for a taste, but just a little”

They cracked open the bottle, Kay took the first sip...Umm, that’s pretty good, a little burn in my throat, but it’s chocolate alright. Torrie took the next sip. Yeah, that’s pretty good. What do you think all these bourbon and scotch things taste like as Kay grabbed a bottle with a cool look looking figure on it. Johnnie Walker… Let’s see as she cracked it open. She took a sip and almost choked and coughed… nice… as her face turned red….damn, that’s a little strong, I can’t breath….as she choked.. “way to big of a first sip”. The girls were laughing hysterically as Kay choked on the scotch…

All of the sudden, Kay panicked a little as she realized her black leggings had a pretty sizeable wet spot in them…”Shit, I totally peed for a second there Tor, I’m so wet”

“Torrie looked down to see a nice wet spot formed on Kay’s black cotton leggings, you sure did Kay as she laughed”.

“Ok, you try something”

“Ok, I’m going to try this orange Vodka”. Same result, it was pretty strong, causing some coughing and choking…”

The girls rifled through a few other sips of some different things, they probably tried small sips of about 6 different things, not much, but enough that both girls really couldn’t wait to pee any more, Kay’s wet spot was starting to get cold now and a little uncomfortable. “Ok Tor, here’s the last challenge...We are going to both try this Tequila...as she grabbed two glasses from the bar, she poured a rather large gulp, almost 2 mouthfuls into the cup… first one to finish wins!”

“What’s the prize?” Torrie asked curiously…

“Ummm, if...whoever finishes first, doesn’t have to do the laundry from our adventures…” as Kay quickly picked up the glass and started to gulp…. Torrie quickly caught on to Kay’s cheating, Kay took a huge sip and another, and one more and got it down before Torrie got half way through…

“You lose laundry bitch”

“Haha fucking cheater, oh well, it’s just laundry”

“Finish up”

“Torrie choked back the last couple sips and coughed again”

Both girls faces were burning red from the liquor, not realizing that their bodies weren’t really ready for alcohol that quick and all the small sipping had added up and both girls started to feel kind of funny….

“Kay...I think...I’m feeling a bit tipsy…” as she laughed and all of the sudden a sharp jet of pee darted into Torrie’s tight grey leggings… Shit, I just peed a little

“Kay immediately went over to Torrie and leaned her huge breasts into Torrie’s body and grabbed Torrie’s but with both hands and pressed her lips to Torrie’s mouth and started to kiss her. Torrie a little caught off guard pulled away quick…

“I’m sorry Tor, was that too far, I mean, I know we’ve been playing, but I guess the alcohol… I just don’t know what came over me, I’m so embarrassed, I just…”

“No, Kay, its’ fine, I just…. was caught off guard a little, I didn’t really expect that” as both girls stood still embracing each other.

“Ok, I won’t…” and Torrie placed her hands over Kays huge tits and felt the nipples exploding from her shirt… she leaned back in and gave Kay a kiss also. They both weren’t quite sure what to do, neither had really had a make out kiss with a girl or a boy before, but they fumbled through it a little, gently touching tongues and making noises.. as the girls stood there, Torrie was really feeling light headed from the alcohol and so was Kay, both girls shuffled over to the large sofa and plopped down in a heap, laughing as they crashed like a car accident on the coach.

Both girls laughed hysterically and realized that they probably had a little bit to much sampling…

“Kay, it’s late, we have to quiet down, as Torrie slurred her words”

“Whispering very loudly….Kay said OK, I’ll keep it down”

“Kay quickly grabbed Torrie’s hand and slid it on her crotch and begin to push out a large hissing pee and quickly stopped, but it was enough that there was a wet patch that ran down the leather in different directions, and down the front to the floor. Torrie rubbed it furiously and realized that Kay had peed on the couch. Wait, don’t pee on the couch she laughed. “What’s the difference, it’s leather, we can wipe it up”

“It can still get into the leather”

“Fine, as Kay awkwardly slid onto the ground, bobbing her head a little bit from the drunk ness, she sat on the floor and pulled her legs toward her chest and began to let go… Torrie could hear the pee rushing out and watched as it almost shot through Kay’s crotch, running down her ass and all over the floor…

“Torrie grabbed Kay by the arms and pulled her forward away from the couch so the pee puddle didn’t go under the couch...Kay was now laughing and laying on her stomach and peeing uncontrollably in her pants as the pee started to form all around her front, she was dead weight. Kay could feel the pee running up her stomach up to her huge boobs that almost propped her up a bit from the ground. “I can’t stop Torrie, I’m soaked, it’s up my boobs, but I fucking love it”

“You love rolling in your pee..” Torrie laughed..

“It feels so good, I don’t know why, this is the worst habit, it’s all your fault she laughed, as her pee stream still seemed to be coming and going. There was now a huge puddle and Kay’s light grey hoodie was totally soaked up the front her and dripping with pee.

“Get me out of this thing Tor” as Kay pulled the sweatshirt up over her head, she got it stuck and pee was right in her face now..

Torrie was holding her mouth with both hands trying not to laugh out loud at Kay’s predicament. “Torrie, come on, I’m stuck in my pee” she slurred and wined…Torrie gasping to try to breath from laughing started to feel a lovely warm feeling start to run down both of her legs and shoot right up her ass as she knelt in front of Kay…”I’m peeing...I’m peeeeeeeeinnnng” she gasped almost incoherent as she was laughing ...I’m peeing…. Kay still stuck because of the wet sweatshirt fell back, and rolled more in the pee puddle, kicking her legs, she finally wriggled out of the sweatshirt with no help from Torrie who sat still laughing with pee running down her legs, the wasn’t a dry spot on the tight grey leggings at this point. Kay slid over with her boobs and wet bra, through the pee puddle and slammed her large breasts into Torrie’s face…

“I can’t breath Kay, as she laughed more”

“Haha, that’s what you get as Kay then laid on top of Torrie and begin to rub her body against Torrie’s up and down, pressing her crotch against Torrie’s. She squeezed out more pee and Torrie felt another jet of warmth run over her front side, not realizing that it wasn’t her pee, but Kay’s, but she didn’t care at this point. Both girls were pretty hammered from the liquor and made out feverishly, sticking their hands down each other’s wet leggings. Finally the leggings both came off, Torre’s shirt came off, bra’s came off and both girls were just in see through white panties that you could see everything under them, both were totally transparent and wet… Kay felt Torrie’s butt and slid her hand towards Torrie’s crotch from the back side as she pulled Torrie’s panties up tight to expose Torrie’s amazing title pussy that was swollen with excitement…Kay’s pussy lips were also throbbing and swollen.

Kay’s nipples go rock hard and her pussy lips got really puffy when she was horny, and she had more of the puffy vagina lips that hung down a little by and , it was easy for Torrie to see when Kay was horny. Torrie on the other hand had more of that little classic tulip shaped pussy, that exposed her little clit like a little budding flower. Both girls pussy’s looked amazing from behind when they were bent over and you could see them hang from the dripping wet panties. Kay rubbed Torrie’s pussy from behind and felt Torrie let out another wave of warm pee on her hand all the time Torrie was doing the tell tale shallow breaths and slight moans…”harder she whispered”.

Kay found the sweet spot of the clit and really went to town. And all of the sudden Torrie slammed both hands onto her mouth to hold in the scream and just started to shudder and slumped down into the ground, shivering again as her body pulsed from the wave of euphoria from the orgasm… as she lay on the ground in ecstasy, another last dribble of pee came out, warming her see through panties and her beautiful shaved tulip shaped pussy.

Kay wasn’t going to wait for Torrie’s recovery, she just started to rub her own pussy, slid her wet panties to the side, and put two fingers into her pussy and furiously took them in and out and within seconds she finished off herself…

Both girls were starting to come around now and while they were both still pretty tipsy from the alcohol, realized they had a huge mess to clean up.

They gathered everything and got cleaned up as best they could, made sure the bar was put back neatly so no one would know, even though Torrie’s mom never went down there… They gathered their clothes and some towels they used to clean the floor and put everything into the wash upstairs and turned it on and they went upstairs to bed.

The girls woke up in the morning, feeling a bit foggy from the drinking, so they both gulped down large waters and started to feel a little bit better… had some breakfast with Torrie’s mom…

Girls, did you guys do laundry last night?? Shit Torrie thought, how can I explain this…”um, yeah, we were watching a movie and I went to grab the soda and it slipped out of my hand, hit the ground and sprayed all over both of us, so we through our stuff in the wash so they didn’t get stained…”. Ohh, ok, because you never put the in the drier, I put them in for you, because I wanted to do some laundry. Ok, I’m heading to the grocery store...I’ll see you girls later”

“Damn Torrie, quick thinking….”

“Haha, thanks, that was a close one, we have to be careful or we are going to get caught”

The girls decided they would take a bike ride down to the boardwalk and have a day a the beach and off they went…

The next chapter should be a fun one... I have so many ideas for it, it might have to be a multi part, or it will be one long one.. I’ll see... I write them off here and paste them in, so I’ll see how much time I have to write to be able to tell the full tale of all the fun things that will happen at the slumber party....but no more teasing...until next time!

*014*2021-01-08 04:39

The Pre-Party... so you can get a good visual of the girls... I’m just starting the sleepover itself, it will likely be a longer chapter, maybe split into parts, but I’m really looking forward to writing it!

The week was moving along at a good clip. Kay and Torrie and the girls were getting excited about the weekend. The weather was going to be pretty crappy on Friday and into the night, lots of rain and storms coming up the coast, so it wouldn’t be so bad to be inside.

Wednesday night before the party, Torrie was turning in for the night. She made a quick stop at her laptop, checked Facebook and Instagram, leafing through some pictures and posts from the girls that would be coming over this weekend. She admired several pictures of the very tan, pretty Katie with a perfect body and her little navel piercing, sexy bikinis that showed her but cheeks off amazingly.

Next onto “little” Niki, the just 5 foot tall girl with very light brown hair, almost bordering a dirty blonde that she often wore pulled back and in a perfect little pony tail that seemed to wag and bob like a happy puppy every time she saw you and talked to you, she was always happy and perky, never seemed to have a bad day, it was remarkable. She was a little powerhouse of an athlete, a runner, soccer player, softball player, she did it all. Just about as rock solid of a body that you could imagine. She also looked amazing in all of her bikini shots on Instagram and she loved posting selfies and also had a navel piercing (it’s a beach thing). She also had really nice, perfectly round and perky boobs for a girl of only 5 ft and about 90lbs soaking wet...pun intended…

Alyssa...another carefully invited choice of Torrie’s liking… A little bit quiet, took her awhile to used to people. Tall for a girl, about 6’1”, soccer goalie and basketball player, she had long legs and was the tallest girl in school. Because she was tall, she was sometimes shy in social settings, feeling a bit awkward around everyone, but she was an amazing athlete. A brunette that liked to sometimes get reddish highlights. She was athletically built and not awkwardly skinny like most tall girls. She also looked amazing in bikinis, but often covered herself up with with a wrap in pictures. She had perfectly proportioned breasts and in the few pictures she wasn’t covered, looked like she had a puffy looking pussy that her bathing suites and shorts seemed to like to ride up into and made it look like a nice mound. Torrie really wanted to see her naked, she was just fascinated by her Amazonian stature and pretty face.

Finally, Lizzie, who had the most amazingly soft and pretty face, with incredibly long dirty blonde hair that she often accentuated with more blonde highlights that went a little more than halfway down her back. Lizzie was about 5’5”, skinny with perfectly round boobs, an amazing ass and two long slender legs with the most amazing thigh gap in the school that looked amazing when she wore her tight little leggings that left very little to the imagination of what was under them… bikinis, forget about it, she looked amazing. Honestly, she made anything she wore look amazing, it was almost uncanny how pure and goddess like that she looked every day and never wore a bit of makeup or anything. Her most amazing outfits were tight jeans in the winter and little tiny jean shorts of many colors in the summers.

All the looking at pictures of the girls was starting to get Torrie a little horny as she felt a nice little tingle in her crotch. As she continued looking at some other pictures, she just instinctively clicked onto her favorite omo.org website to check out some of the real life experience posts, she loved them as they often contained videos and pictures. Subconsciously, she had started just rubbing her crotch as she sat in her leather desk chair with her tiny grey cotton shorts with white panties underneath that pretty much would show if she spread her legs ever so slightly.

She was feeling a little naughty and figured there would be no harm in just letting out a tiny dribble of pee to moisten her crotch a little bit. She relaxed slightly and pushed a little bit of pee into her panties that instantly turned them see through and yellow. Not much was into the shorts, even though they were tight, they were a little thicker. It felt so warm and amazing as she rubbed a little harder. She decided to consciously let out another spurt as she felt like she wanted a bit more… Another spurt came out in warm wet fashion against her pussy lips and running down her but drenching her white panties. There was now a dark visible wet spot on her little grey shorts.

Still rubbing, she peed some more, this time making a bigger wet spot that now was soaking down to her but and created a little run off on her chair and made a little drip on the floor. She quickly jumped up and grabbed a dirty towel from the laundry and inspected her cute little ass in the mirror, showing a sexy little wet patch. She pulled her pants down and inspected her now yellowing panties that were wet down her but and halfway up her front from sitting.

Back to her chair, she sat there, imagining she was at school and possibly having an accident in class and how naughty she would be. She spread her legs wide, letting her white panties peak on both sides from her grey shorts, which you could now make out were see through and filled with yellow pee. Imagining that the boys...or girls… in class might be peeking at her panties and loving what they saw…

More hot pee begin to flow over her crotch and down to her ass in a steady stream… it was really wet now and she was sitting in a wet puddle and pee ran down the back of her hamstrings, dripped on her calves and onto the floor. It felt amazing… Her cheeks were flushed, even though she was by herself, she was breathing very heavy now as she took a pen from her desk and jammed it into the outside of her wet panties up against her clit and moved it around furiously. Next the hand went down in he shorts and her fingers entered her wet slippery pussy and her thumb rubbed her clit at the same time. While she was fingering herself, she pushed some more pee out to get her fingers a little more slippery. Pee jetted out and soaked her front and back.

She fingered more and more. She just couldn’t stop, she was about to explode, and all of the sudden, the familiar shudder of ecstasy and warmth came over her entire body and she had the most intense amazing feeling in her pussy and then she got caught by surprised, she kept rubbing as she still had some engergy to this orgasm… all of the sudden another euphoric wave of pleasure hit her and a hot jet of pee seemed to squirt out from her pussy, she continued rubbing, another orgasm hit her to the point that she moaned out loud and peed again shooting pee all over the floor, finally her body collapsed into the chair, exhausted and wet, she squeezed out whatever remaining pee she thought she had. Not much, but enough that it made her pussy tingle as it came out. The wet panties and shorts were making her pussy feel so sensitive, she had to stand up.

She cleaned up her mess and decided to snap some pictures of her see through yellow panties from the front and the back. She then sent them over to Kay… “hope your night was as fun as mine”.

“Damn girl, that was the hottest picture I have seen… I want to touch your butt so bad right now Tor… I’ll be right over….lol”

“Wait...really???”

“No, I’m just kidding, it’s like midnight, I can’t just come out lol”

“Ohh, lol, I thought you were serious...I’m a little slow”

“Yeah...well….”

Kay decided to take a picture of her tight camel toe in her light blue shorts with her amazing cleavage and hard nipples and send it over to Torrie…

“Pee for me…” as Torrie was still in her tight wet panties and started feeling horny already again…

“Nah, I can’t tonight Tor, I have to get to sleep and I don’t feel like getting cleaned up and shit”.

“Party pooper…”

Kay thought, well, I won’t disappoint her. She went into the bathroom and pulled her light blue shorts down and revealed some nice light blue panties. She sat down on the toilet and pushed out some pee, she didn’t have much as she had just gone about 45 minutes ago, but it was enough to make her crotch nice and wet and run down her ass, wetting both cheeks nicely. Little droplets of pee still dropped out of her panties and as she stood up, it ran down her legs a little as she walked over to the mirror...snap and texted…”here you biatch...How’s that!”

“Damn girl, that’s hot, I was just teasing, you didn’t really have to pee LOL”

“OHH, you little twat….LOL… I love you”

“Good night…”. Torrie took her phone into the bathroom, and finished herself off one more time to Kay’s wet pictures and headed to bed…

Kay’s panties were wet, but not overly soaked, so she squeezed as much pee out as she could and decided to just put her shorts back on and go to sleep in her wet panties….

*017*2021-01-09 04:54

The Sleepover Part 1

Finally the day of the sleepover had arrived. It was a, windy, rainy early fall day, as Kay and Torrie got off the bus, they both hurried home to get out of the rain. Torrie’s mom had left earlier in the morning for her convention, so she was able to just chill and get everything in order before everyone started to arrive.

Everyone was set to arrive around 6. Kay arrived at Torrie’s a bit earlier to make sure everything was set and to see if Torrie needed any help with anything.

Niki, Katie, and Alyssa all arrived together driven by Katie’s Mom from soccer practice, since the weather was crappy, they all got together in the school’s large indoor sports facility that held larger events such as wrestling, basketball, the schoo’s graduation and lots of other larger community events. The girls grabbed their bags and quickly ran inside out of the pouring rain, hit the front porch and rang the doorbell.

Torrie greeted the 3 girls at the door, waived to Katie’s mom and away she went. The girls all exchanged hugs and exclaimed how happy they all were to see each other. The girls were dressed in their soccer warm ups and figured they would all go get changed. Lizzie arrived minutes later ringing the doorbell, dressed in some nice tight light blue jeans that showed off every curve of her perfect body with a somewhat shiny sleeveless shirt that had a large v-neck cut that showed off her cleavage and was loose to the point that her bra peeked out a little. The shirt made her look like she had larger boobs than she did...well probably her bra helped with that, but she looked amazing. She chuckled as she came in…”damn girls, I am a little bit over dressed”.

“Well, we all just came straight from indoor practice, so we didn’t change out of our warm ups yet, we are going to slip into some other clothes” Katie said, taking charge of Niki and Alyssa, “let’s go get ready for some fun bitches”...she teased.

Torrie asked the girls if they wanted to all use guest rooms to change…

“Nah, we will just change downstairs, we don’t care, we spend enough time with each other in the locker room, nothing we haven’t seen before” Niki quipped

“Ok, let’s go then girls, to my basement of fun”

Kay was wearing a tight fitting long sleeve white T that had a hood on it, that showed off the name of their beach town with a cool sunset scene on it and a cute little pair of shiny tight orange LuLu lemon shorts that matched the sunset scene of her shirt and showed off her curvy butt and pulled tightly up to her crotch and showed her nice little visible panty line. When she got to Torrie’s she grabbed the panties that she brought that just hugged her womanly parts just barely enough and maybe just a little too much when she started to get really horny, which she was already getting worked up.

Torrie had on a pair of little pink cotton Nike shorts that were skin tight, and showed every bit of her butt and the outline of her pussy. They were short, just extending down to the start of her smooth inner thighs, a pair of very light and tight pink cotton panties, and a skin tight white tank top.

When the girls got downstairs, Katie, Alyssa,and Niki all pulled some comfortable stuff out of their bag. Niki pulled down her warm ups exposing some cute little white panties with her tight little ass cheeks hanging out of them as they ran up her butt crack, she gently pulled them out to cover her butt a little more. In fact, all the girls had white panties because their soccer shorts and warm ups were white, so they wore white spandex shorts under them with white panties for every practice or game. She pulled out a navy shirt with a sea gull on it. The Gulls, the school mascot… adorned the front. Next came out a cute pair of little white cotton shorts that when she pulled them up hugged her ass perfectly and created a cute little triangle shape around her pussy as they pulled in snug towards her crotch as if she just tucked her pussy into a nice snug little package.

Katie had on a white thong that showed her perfectly tanned ass, not a tan line on her entire body and she had an amazing golden brown tan.

“How are you so perfectly Tan???” Kay asked….

“Tanning salon my dear...you just go in naked and everything comes out Tan, first time I ever did it, I burned my nips” the girls erupted in laughter”

Katie showed off her rock solid six pack and cute pierced belly button, off came her bra that briefly exposed her perfect tight perky boobs with perfect nipples, and she slipped on a tight strappy black shirt that showed off her belly ring. She pulled out a little pair of silky white satin looking shorts that were snug to her but, but loose around her crotch area and as she was bending down at her bag, Kay was staring at Katies panties peaking out the side and her thong sticking up a little out the back.

At the same time Alyssa had on some snug fitting bootie panties that were a little more like shorts and were smooth and shiny, she showed her long muscular athletic legs, she pulled on a skin tight pair of Sky blue leggings that clung to her like a second skin. She was of course statuesque with her 6 foot tall, perfect frame. Even though she was a beauty, she never felt confident, she always felt like she was too big and that everyone stared at her, but she was gorgeous, but her height made her a little bit self conscious when she wasn’t around her teammates in sports. She pulled on a loose fitting white tank that you could see through the sides of the arms that slipped that on over a cute blue sports bra that matched her leggings.

Niki happened to look over at Kay who’s nipples were popping out of her shirt as she watched the girls getting changed and re-dressed. “Damn Kay… is it cold in here for you…”

Kay’s face went red and flushed warm…”you know me and my big old boobs, always showing the goods” she tried joking…

“What if I had your boobs on my body.” Niki asked…

“Hmm, well, you probably wouldn’t be able to walk, you would fall forward and bounce off the ground” Kay joked as all the girls roared again picturing Niki bouncing around with boobs that were as big as her head…

“Give us a flash Kay, let’s see those mama’s” Niki quipped with a sneaky grin on her face…

“Oh, it’s going to be one of those parties” Katie laughed…

“You never know….” Niki laughed

“Show em Kay” Torrie egged on..

Without even thinking, Kay just whipped up her shirt and and showed her boobs that were popping out of her bra that she could never get quite the right size of…

“Damn girl” Niki exclaimed… I’m going to come over and motor boat those big boobs and she ran over and jokingly jammed her face into Kay’s chest as Kay pulled her shirt back at the same time… both of the girls laughed hysterically

Alyssa just hung out and observed, giggling at the ice breaking small talk going on… “Why so quiet Lyss? Lizzie asked

“Oh, you know me, I’m not as fun as all of you…”

“Lyss, you are the best, don’t sell yourself short, your so beautiful and so tall, I wish I was as tall as you” little 5 foot Niki exclaimed. “I’m a full fucking foot shorter than you” I would kill to borrow 6 inches from you!”

“You can have it...I’m so awkward compared to everyone else”

“Stop” Lizzie exclaimed..You are so fucking beautiful, you intimidate people with your beauty…”

“Sure, thanks for trying to make me feel better… but…”

All the girls ran over and grabbed her and gave her a huge group hug...Niki playfully grabbed two handfuls of Alysa’s butt and gave her a little pinch… and Alyssa felt much better with her girls…

“I….love you guys….as she had a tear in her eye….”

Ok, enough being sappy bitches...Katie exclaimed….The doorbell rang and the delivery that Torrie ordered had shown up. The girls ran upstairs and grabbed the food, paid the awkward nerdy delivery boy who did nothing but stare at the hot girls wishing that he was part of the party.

There was pizza, wings, mozzarella sticks, nachos, and breadsticks, and a salad for Alyssa who always ate healthy, and Torrie remembered to make sure she had something to make her friend comfortable…. As they laid out all the food, Lizzie pulled a 6 pack of beer out of her bag and put it on the table… She had a 22 year old sister that was living at home as she was still looking for a full time job after college… I brought us some fun, enough for 2 each...My sister dropped me off, so I asked her to stop at the liquor store before we got here.

“Umm, that’s ok” said Alyssa, “you know me… I don’t….”

“Shut up as Lizzie handed her an open bud light bottle...it’s light beer and you need to loosen up and have some fun for a change… stop being so damn uptight…

“Well….I...never drank alcohol before….Is it good?”

“Umm, it’s the king of beers girl…of course it’s good” Lizzie joked and passed a bottle to each girl…”cheers to everyone…to good friends and to hope we don’t wait this long to all hang out again.

The sleep over was now kicked off….

*018*2021-01-09 07:12

The Sleep Over Part 2

Alyssa reluctantly took a sip of the beer and kind of liked the taste of it. Ok, it’s not so bad, it’s pretty good actually... Alyssa grabbed a slice of pizza to the amazement of the other girls and chomped it down and swigged some more beer....”what, you guys told me to loosen up...”

The girls all chuckled and started doing the same. Sipping away at their beers and eating pizza and snacks, making small talk about some minor school drama, the girls all sat on the large soft leather sofa. Katie sat with her legs spread open, almost constantly flashing the other girls her tiny white thong covered pussy.

“Torrie and Kay, have you guys ever drank before asked Lizzie”.

“Well, we sometimes drink the hard stuff”

”really?” Katie’s ears perked up...”you have any vodka?”

”Sure, we have tons of stuff behind the bar...” Pretending to be a drinking expert, when her and Kay had only just tasted it for the first time a week ago.

”Nice, we’re going to have to break that out. You have some Tea or Lemonade or something to mix it with, it’s better that way”

”Yeah, we have half and half tea, lemonade, raspberry lemonade, we’ve got some good mixers, right Kay?”

“Yeah, I’ll run up and grab it for us” Kay ran upstairs and came back with a bag filled with half gallon bottle of each from the upstairs fridge”

”Ok, you guys are the bartenders” we can break that out after we finish up our beers”

”Perfect” Torrie said...

All the girls finished their first beers and begin to crack open their last beer and they stared in amazement as Lyss quickly downed about half of the second beer quite quickly...”what, I’m thirsty.. the pizza is salty” she laughed. About 15 minutes later they finished their 2nd beers and noticed that everyone was pretty happy, they were cranking some music and singing... and laughing... Kay noticed that Niki was crossing her legs and bobbing her leg up and down, almost moving her little tight pussy lips along with every bounce through her shorts. Sensing this was her time to pounce...

”Let’s play a little game” Kay exclaimed.

“Ohhh, what kind of games Kay...” Katie exclaimed, giggling all cutely and innocently batting her eyes at Kay...

”Well, how about a little truth or dare...”

“I’m in...” Torrie exclaimed quickly

”Me too” said Katie

Lizzy, Niki, and Alyssa all agreed.

”Ok, I get to go first” Kay said. “Niki, truth or dare”.

“Truth”

”Have you ever... peed your pants by accident” She could clearly see Niki bouncing and bobbing

“Oh yeah, definitely...sometimes from laughing, sometimes when I’m playing soccer, I’ll just pop a squat and go, I pissed my bed once when I had too much to drink at Lizzie’s house, her sister got us fucked up... as she laughed” I have a little bit of a weak bladder... she laughed without a care..

Katie chimed in: “haha, me too, I always pee a little when I laugh...don’t feel bad girl...”

Kay instantly started to get excited, out game the high beams again... as she almost couldn’t believe how freely Niki was spilling her pee escapades... gut she figured the beer was catching up to her tiny little frame much quicker than all the other girls and Katie just offering it up without even being asked

Torrie quickly chimed up next... “Katie, truth or dare”

“DARE as she batted her eyes... at Torrie”

“I Dare you to take a big shot of this tequila”

“Let me have it!”

Torrie poured her what amounted to about 2 large shots, not knowing much about how to pour a shot and she used far to big of a glass.

”Damn, are you trying to get me hammered” she laughed.... I guess I have to do it. She grabbed the glass and after the first big gulp she sipped she choked and started coughing, some of the tequila dripped out of the side of her mouth and onto her boobs on her shirt...The girls were all yelling chug, chug, chug, chug... She managed to get the rest down, feeling flushed and hot... she was choking again from the hot liquor down her throat... As she coughed again, she was jamming her hands into her crotch trying avoid squeezing a big pee out as she was a bit full from the 2 beers she drank... As she finally calmed down, she pulled her hands out of her crotch and there was noticeable wet spot that had formed on her silky white shorts... “SEE, I told you, laugh, cough, I might PEE!”

”Speaking of pee” Alyssa asked shyly... “ where’s the bathroom?”

“Wait, before you go, it’s your turn, truth or dare... Katie asked Lyss”

“Umm, can’t it wait a minute, I’ll be right back”

”Torrie, you keep quiet...Ok, You’e getting a Dare!... You have to finish that big glass of ice tea as the girls poured her a 20oz glass behind the bar and poured a lemon flavored vodka into, a couple oz’s, enough to that it would get her a little drunker, but she may not notice...”ok, give me the glass so I can drink it and go.” She started to take some sips and realized that her bladder was aching so bad and her stomach was so full from the beer that she didn’t know how much she was going to be able to get down. It tastes a little funny she thought, but she kept sipping, trying to get through it as quickly as she could, but it wasn’t going well, as she sat on her heal and pushed it hard into her pussy to try to hold her pee in, but not showing the other girls that she was incredibly desperate to go.

”Lizzie” Torrie asked.. truth or Dare... Truth... Have you ever....masturbated...?”

Lizzie’s face went red with embarrassment...not sure she wanted to admit it in front of all of the girls...

”Hey, come on, what’s said here, stays here, we’re all old friends” Torrie laughed...

”Ummm, yeah, I’ve masturbated before.....a few times here and there....”

Lizzie then asked Kay... Dare....

I dare you you to take off bra and show us your boobs...

”I already showed my boobs”

”no, without the bra...”

”ok, here you go” she unhooked her bra and instantly felt so much more comfortable and showed everyone her huge boobs...

Lyss still sat there quietly sipping her tea, really needing to pee more and more...”are your sure I can’t just take a quick pee?”

”nope, drink....”

Lyss was drunk from the beers and now the vodka in her drink, so she shook her head and complied.

“Torrie” Truth... have you ever watched porn....”yeah, I’ve watched it on the internet”

“ohh, what kind Katie asked curiously...” girl on girl??? She giggled” Torrie was definitely getting a drunk vibe from Katie that she was pretty much up for anything and looking to hook up with someone tonight and she was trying to feel out the room herself... “I’ve watched some girl on girl stuff...I watched some girls....pee in their pants....she let the test balloon out...”

”Really...Katie said curiously...” have you ever made out with a girl....?” Kay almost spit out her drink...Torrie just sat there kind of thinking how to answer....

”So you HAVE!.. WHO, tell us now”

“wait, that’s two questions....”

“Fuck it, game over”

”Ohh, then can I go to the bathroom now lyss said excitedly....”

“NO all the girls laughed...Lyss muddled under her breath...ok, you’ll be sorry when I just pee right here on the floor”

That didn’t slip by Kay... “Ok, well if you can’t finish your drink first, then...just pee...it’s ok... we’ll wash your clothes for you later...”

“NO, I can’t just pee, that’s gross, I”m going to keep drinking, I’ll honor my dare”... she was only about halfway done and bouncing up and down like a rubber ball, and rubbing her legs together. She was embarrassed to physically hold her crotch in front of the other girls, so she kept enduring the pain...and it hurt....to the point that her eyes were starting to tear up a little, not that she was going to cry, she was just trying to hold so hard...

“Katie chimed in... yeah, it’s ok if you have to...PEEEEEEEEEEEEE...PISSSSSSSSSSSSSS, waterfalls are so nice.... oceans...”

All the girls laughed, but Lyss’ predicament was getting worse....

Niki was also now furiously bobbing up and down.... and was getting ready to get up when Kay said... Ok, Holding contest, the last one standing gets to....

Katie chimed in.... last one standing gets to make out with anyone of her choosing....

Woahhh, easy there Katie....Lizzie exclaimed....Are you wasted...

Maybe a little bit Katie said, so that’s why it’s ok... no one will know... remember what’s said at the party stays at the party....

Kay was like, brilliant, I can hold forever bitches, so you are all done....

So, Kay....then who would you make out with....Katie asked curiously....

Kay thought for a second....and joked, not wanting to look too eager or make her pee buddy Torrie feel weir since they’ve been playing with each other quite a bit...but they weren’t a couple or anything....just pee buddies that helped each other get off....that’s all...”all of you!”

Torrie thought, damn, that was kind of a brilliant answer...and she wasn’t jealous if Kay made out with anyone else, because she was going to win the contest!

Niki had sat back down... and Torrie handed all the girls different drinks as all the girls chose something and a flavored vodka...except lyss who still had to finish her drink, but Torrie poured more tea into her glass....”thanks Tor... she sighed”

Then Torrie exclaimed...No one has to worry, if anyone has an accident, I’ve got tons of clothes, and we have washers and driers, so drink up bitches....

About 5 minutes later, Niki was really jamming her hands into her little white shorts and was rocking furiously on the floor...and whimpering...I’m not going to make it...it’s coming...fuck....fuck...as she rocked back and forth on the floor, she suddenly froze in place and hot yellow pee quickly soaked the nice tight triangular package that was her pussy in her shorts and it was coming out full force...as she sat almost in ecstasy....her shorts were almost instantly see through....pee spread all up her backside and up the front, it was coming out everywhere... The other girls stared in amazement as Niki sat there just peeing full force in front of the rest of the girls...

All of the sudden, Lyss stood up quickly with her hands jammed into her crotch and tears streaming down her face from the pain of her bladder... she was about to latterly explode... she tried to take a step and was so tipsy from the alcohol, she bumped into the couch and slid to the floor... the girls all laughed....someone is toasted... all of the sudden, Alyssa’s crotch was glistening with a full stream of pee as she laid on her back on the floor with her legs slightly bent in front of her... pee soaking all down her butt and up the back of her tee shirt...she quickly realized what had happened...

She just had a full blown accident... she started to cry a little bit, but the pee felt so good as her bladder continued to empty... the girls all sat there watching in amazement as they didn’t think anyone could have that much pee inside them... Alyssa’s ass was just covered in a river of pee, she tried to get up again, but slid over in her pee and rolled onto her side, still peeing with her ass facing the girls as it hissed out in full force....the girls watched as it now seemed to just run out towards her ass...

Katie, drunk and horny went over to comfort Alyssa and tried to help her sit up, but also put her hand on Lyss’ ass and felt the pee on her leggings that were now saturated across the top half and the backs. The only dry spot was her shins.... Katie instantly felt warm pee start to soak into her thong, drenching it instantly....”Fuck Lyss, you’re making me piss” Katie just stood there and spread her legs open and let it happen on purpose... her silky white shorts getting dark and clinging to her skin, the pee rolled down the fronts and backs of her legs feeling so warm and sticky.....

“Well, that was quick, 3 down, 3 to go” Kay exclaimed....She had to pee, but she had a bladder of steel and even with all the peeing, she was no so horny, she was really rocking on her foot to masturbate in front of the girls without masturbating through her little orange shorts that were now jammed into her pussy lips.... she could feel her panties getting damp, but that was from being horny...

Lizzie was still dressed in her skin tight jeans and sexy booby showing shirt....

Lyss was sitting up and Torrie had grabbed some towels for her and Katie and Niki to dry off their legs and wipe up the lake of pee that was on the basement floor...luckily it was tile, so it was easy to wipe up. Losers have to sit in their wet clothes until the game is over by the way... as Kay added another rule to the game on the fly...

Lyss kind of drunk just sat there staring at her wet pants saying...I peed....I peed my pants....I can’t believe I peed....Lizzie....I peed...

”yes lyss, I see you peed dear...I’m trying not to pee myself....”

The last 3 standing drank more and more of their drinks...

Torrie was about a 9 out of 10 and Lizzie was up to about 11 out of 10....Kay was still holding strong, she was blocking out her need to pee, which she was really good at, she would pee only when she wanted to pee!

“Katie begin to torment Lizzie by pouring liquids between cups, making pisssssssss noises....

Lizzie was walking around the room back and forth, trying to hold and figuring if she walked, that it wouldn’t want to come out...She felt a spurt shoot into her panties, warming her crotch....she froze...SHIT... Jeans are still good.... a few minutes and another warm spurt of pee soaked her smooth pussy...now it was starting to seep out to her jeans as a small wet spot showed.....She covered it with her hand so the girls didn’t see it... walking....another spurt... this time it was a little longer... and she didn’t realize at first that her jeans were so tight, the pee shot up her butt crack....when she turned around...Torrie shreaked.... you’re peeing!!!! You loose....

”not yet, I didn’t have a full accident yet, this doesn’t count....”

”Oh yes it does” Katie and Niki grabbed Lizzie on each side of her waste and started to tickle her mercilessly... Lizzy laughed and screamed, stop, it’s coming.... I can’t.... a huge hiss came out of her pussy and the pee seemed to almost instantly cover her ass, and run straight down both legs. Her awesome thigh gap made it look so sexy... she finally gave in and just let it happen... pee soaked her jeans all the way down both legs, mostly down the inside and the backs of her legs....”how is that possible that I peed behind me...” she laughed... After about 2 minutes, she finally stopped pissing and there wasn’t much dry left on the jeans....as they were totally stuck to her legs now...

Torrie and Kay gave each other the look and Torrie somewhat gave in and just stood up and said I can’t hold it anymore, I’m out... and she relaxed and pee started to pool up inside her tight little shorts and then made it’s way down her legs like a waterfall...She then thought...I’m going to show off a little and pulled her shorts down and let the pee fall into her shorts as the girls watched her panties just stream pee from her cute little pussy....They all stared as her cute little pink shorts were heavy and totally soaked and dripping with pee, her pink panties were see through, and you could see her entire pussy...

Katie walked over and put her hand under Torrie’s pee stream, then pressed her hand up to Torrie’s crotch. The rest of the girls all started giggling... Katie is HORNY...Niki exclaimed.... Katie then made her way over to Niki and grabbed her at the butt and pulled her close and kissed her...Niki just let it happen.... she then walked over to Lizzie and put her hands on the insides of her wet legs and worked her way up Lizzie’s legs until she got to her pussy, she rubbed it gently through Lizzie’s wet jeans for a few minutes....Lizzie moaned gently... she then moved over to Kay...

Kay... You get to make out with anyone you want, but I just cheated and made out with everyone... what you are you going to do... Kay feeling naught, held Katie and brought her into her huge boobs. She moved Katie over to the couch and laid her down and put her hands up Katie’s shorts and rubbed her wet thong... She laid on top of her as all the girls were hooting and hollering and cheering them on... Kay laid on her and rubbed her breasts against Katie’s hard body... This is for cheating... Kay relaxed her bladder as their bodies rubbed together and Katie loudly moaned, almost making a show for the rest of the girls...

The girls watched from behind as Kay’s pussy was almost exploding out of her little shiny orange shorts that were probably about a size too small for her... Her round little but cheeks were now showing out of her pants.... and the girls could see the pee glisten from behind...as it covered the front of Katie’s body... Katie’s pants now getting wet and warm all over again from Kay’s pee....Katie was loudly moaning and saying, I’m so naughty for cheating...this is my punishment... I’ll take it... she reached in front of her feeling Kay’s throbbing pussy lips as the pee streamed down and ran down her arms and onto her shirt.... Finally she stopped peeing and the girls continued kissing and feeling each other’s hot wet pussies...

While the girls were making out..Torrie said... well, this might go on for a while...as she laughed... Niki stood there and spread her legs and started to pee more into her already saturated white shorts rubbing her pussy while she watched the other girls making out...Torrie pulled niki’s shorts down exposing her panties and the pee running out from them.. both were quite wet and yellowed with pee...she leaned in with her hand on Niki’s crotch and started to rub Nik’s clit and slipping a finger into niki’s tight little pussy... Niki moaned loudly... and all of the sudden, felt her body shudder.... Lizzie stood in amazement as she just watched Torrie give Niki a knee bending orgasm...Niki slouched to the floor in her puddle of pee and shuddered....What the fuck was that Tor...I’ve never... ever... felt that before.... that was...fucking amazing...how did you do that?????????

”I guess I have the magic touch....I made Kay orgasm too....?

Ohhhhhhh, so you guys make out Lizzie asked curiously.....

“Ummm, just like once when were drunk...”

“Kay yelled, we make out... and it’s glorious”

”Lizzie asked Torrie timidly... can you...do that to me???”

Torrie walked over and started to feel Lizzie’s pussy over her wet jeans...getting her worked up.. she unbuttoned her jeans and peeled them down and saw Lizzie’s see through panties... she slipped her hand down her wet panties and started to do the same technique on Lizzie’s pussy, in about 3 minutes, Lizzie was getting this feeling like she was going to explode.... Tor, Wait...Torrie kept going.. I think I might pee.... quite Lizzie.... just let it happen and all of the sudden, the explosion of euphoria hit Lizzie’s body as she arched her chest back and moaned... and shuddered and almost fell back... she stood with her legs wide open and just relaxed and let more warm pee soak her crotch and her perfect little pussy... it streamed into her half pulled down jeans and pooled in the middle.... it stopped and Torrie pulled Lizzie’s jeans up and the pee ran down the legs and pushed up into her wet pussy... “holy fuck that was amazing”

The entire time Lyss just sat watching everything. Torrie came up behind Kay and started rubbing Kay’s wet pussy from behind....finding the clit and giving Kay an instant orgasm......Torrie was the orgasm whisperer....

She realized a very drunk Lyss was just sitting there... and Torrie and Niki and Lizzie went over to her as Katie and Kay continued to make out and caress each other on the couch, kissing and fingering each other, moaning and screeching....

The girls picked Lyss up and Lyss said, can...I try to do what just happened... she said in a funny drunk way....Niki stood on the couch and took Lyss’ shirt off and exposed her cute sports bra...and little perking nipples on her nice breasts... Niki standing on the couch pulled the bra down exposing her boobs and she started to caress them....Lizzie came from behind and started rubbing Alyssa’s wet ass and pulled her leggings down exposing her totally soaked see through wet white boy shorts....p

Torrie came in from underneath and begin to rub Lyss’ pussy.... almost instantly, she could feel warm pee flowing from Lyss’ pussy... sorry...I have to go...Don’t stop it...it’s better that way....Torrie went to town... getting 3 fingers into Alyssa’s pussy with no problem...Hmm she thought... She found her clit while she was fingering her and decided to put her mouth on it and start to suck it and lick it... it was salty from the pee that smelled a little like beer, but did’t taste too bad...Torrie sucked a little pee from Alyssa’s panties... Hmmm, this is interesting.... After all 3 girls felt Alyssa up and had her pretty much Naked in the room, they gave her the most amazing and he first orgasm....

*019*2021-01-09 08:00

The Sleep Over Part 3

After all the girls peed, sucked and finger fucked each other for about an hour... they were all pretty drunk, wet and dirty, so they all figured it was best to clean up a little bit, but they would come back down in the morning and all do a good deep cleaning and mop the floors etc....

Torrie took everyone’s pissy clothes and put them in the Laundry and got that going...

Lyss was so wasted that they got her in the shower and cleaned her up and got her into a pair of Torrie’s panties and shorts that were too small for her, but she didn’t care, she said they felt good...

Katie and Kay showered together, still making out with each other in the shower...they rubbed their bodies a together...Katie just couldn’t stop sucking on Kays huge breasts and then moving down to Kay’s pussy...When it was Kay’s turn, she was helping wash Katie’s body and she started to give Katie oral sex in the shower and Katie said... Kay... I have to pee... watch your face.... Pee on me... pee on my chest....Katie quickly obliged and shot hot pee all over Kay’s chest.... Kay leaned in and let some hit her mouth... tasting Katie’s pee was amazing...Kay was just in heaven with how well this turned out...

After their shower, they got dressed...and decided to sleep in the same bed in one of the spare rooms so they could continue making out and that was the last anyone saw of them for the rest of the night...

Lizzie, Torrie and Niki were watching poor drunk Lyss who was pretty much passed out at this point... Dressed in a fresh pair of yellow shorts and green panties that Torrie didn’t really like, so she gave them to Lyss to borrow and an old t-shirt...

The other 3 girls talked about the night and how much fun they had and Torrie demonstrated the technique she used to give the girls an orgasm... Lizzie decided she was going to practice and started going to town as she opted just to sleep in some panties...all 3 girls were in Torrie’s bed now and Lyss was on the air mattress on the floor...

The 3 girls started to have wandering hands and were all feeling each other up... Niki was still wasted, but still wide awake and really going to town feeling up Torrie and Lizzie... Torrie explained the technique and Niki started to practice on Torrie as Lizzie was going to town on her own pussy... Torrie gave Niki pointers and within about 10 minutes, gave Torrie a screaming orgasm.... it was amazing...

Torrie showed Niki on her pussy what to do and Lizzie finished herself off and fell asleep... Niki finally got some help from Torrie and she had her 2nd orgasm of the night....

They cuddled as Lizzie snored on the end.. Niki was in the middle.... both girls fell asleep in each other’s arms...

Torrie woke up around 7:30 with a bit of a headache. Not too bad, she was looking around and decided she needed some water....all of the sudden, she felt the bed sheets and they were wet...FUCK...Who pissed in my bed....She felt her crotch and she did’t think it was her....the side of her shorts were wet, but just the side that was........Next to Niki....she mentioned that night pissing her bed drunk....Fuck...she pissed in my bed... She pulled the covers down and saw immediately Nik’s saturated leggings that Torrie let her borrow and a round wet patch on the bed in the middle... She then looked over at Lizzie’s panties and her ass was all wet, unknowingly in Niki’s pee.... She woke Niki up... Niki...you pissed the bed....

FUCK...I’m so sorry, she started to cry.... and Lizzie woke up...feeling her wet ass... What the fuck... Niki, did you pee on me she laughed....I’m sorry she cried...I’m so sorry....

Torrie comforted her....it’s ok... it was an accident....

“I knew I should have put on my night pants...”

“What they asked....”

“I piss my bed a lot....I have to wear a kid’s pull up...and I was so drunk I forgot...”

”Ohh...really...” Torrie inquired...

”Yeah, my mom hates .... she’s always disgusted by it.... I can’t help it though, the doctor says it happens sometimes for a while... I don’t know....I have an underdeveloped bladder....”. I have a pee pad and everything in my bed so my pull-up doesn’t leak through the mattress if I really pee a lot...

“Does the pull up work” Torrie asked...

”yeah, most of the time...sometimes I pee too much and it leaks.. I’ll leave you one, I obviously don’t need it now”.

Torrie assured her it was fine and 3 girls got up and got the bed stripped down.... and realized that Alyssa had also peed herself in her sleep, but luckily it was on the air mattress, so no harm there... Alyssa was soaked from her ass to her tits in pee... The girls woke her up to a screaming headache....when she realized that she was soaking wet, she was like....shit.....I thought I got up to pee in the toilet...I really though that I got up to pee.... I must have dreamed it.... it’s ok Lyss, it happened to me a few weeks ago and Niki peed on both of us last night....Well, I guess that makes me feel a little better....

The girls cleaned up the room and all decided to get washed up...

Kay and Katie woke up in the spare bedroom.... both were just wearing panties and t-shirts....

They both got up and decided to go to the guest bathroom together... Katie really had to pee bad... and Kay pulled her bladder of steel trick and just ran in and sat on the toilet in front of Katie, still in her panties...she started to stroke her pussy in front of Katie and immediately her big nipples got hard....

Kay, I’m going to piss my panties.....

So what, they’re Torrie’s....

Hmm. True....

Kay started to let out a nice long stream in the white panties she was wearing....turning them bright yellow and smelling super strong from all the drinking last night....

Katie watched in amazement... Damn that’s some bright yellow pee Kay...

Katie not being able to hold it anymore ran over and sat on Kay’s lap and started to let her pee out...which was equally as yellow... soaking down to Kay’s panties and running down Kay’s legs and onto the bathroom floor.... Fuck...we have to clean this up Katie...Yeah, that’s fine, we will... as she continued to push out hot pee all over Kay....

She finished and stood up, showing Kay her hot pussy from behind... Kay reached out and started to rub it furiously....peeing more into the toilet herself....

Katie turned around and threw her hands down Kay’s panties and fingered her to a peeing orgasm.....

As this was happening, the other girls heard what was going on and all 4 of them threw open the door to watch... Kay grabbed Katie and pushed her into the shower and pulled her panties aside and started to finger her tight pussy hard and rubbing her clit with the other hand.,...in minutes Katie screamed in ecstasy... I think that was about the 10th one since last night Kay... the girls all looked on in amazement as their two friends put on a show...

Katie squeezed out the last little bit of pee into ....hey....those are my panties Torrie laughed....

”yep and you’ll never want to wash them again’’

“Umm’ that’s gross....”

The girls all gained their composure, helped get the whole house cleaned up and laundry done and cleaned Torrie’s mattress up and dried it with a hair dryer...

The basement totally smelled like pee, but they cleaned it good with some nice smelling floor cleaner and sprays...

As the girls rides started to arrive, they all agreed that they would like to do this again and Katie mentioned that next time if it was ok, she would invite a couple other girls that she knew, her friend Cassie that lived in her neighborhood that was a year ahead of them, but they were really good friends, and she knew Cassie peed in her pants on occasion as well... and her friend Brianna, who was a pretty free spirit and totally up to do anything.... and that meant anything. She didn’t need any convincing... If Katie said pee your pants.. Bri would pee on command she said...

The girls all thought that was a great idea and would find a time to get together again in the near future...

*021*2021-01-09 14:47

Thanks so much for the kind words! I appreciate it all! I’m going to keep going, maybe moving off with other characters when possible also. Certainly welcome suggestions and such, will try to work them in...if they fit, it is my fantasy of course LOL. Seriously, though, will do my best to add as much and as often as time permits and make it fun for people to read.

*025*2021-01-10 04:05

Awesome, thanks again for the kind feedback, there will definitely be some public wetting stuff soon... I have a really fun idea, but don’t want to spoil the surprise...

*026*2021-01-10 05:46

After the Sleepover:

After everyone left, Kay and Torrie had most of the afternoon before they were going to be back over at Kay’s to fulfill their baby sitting duties for the night.

“Kay...did we really just have a major pee party last night....??? Like, how the fuck did that all really happen, I mean, did we really peg all the pissing girls to THE T....?

”I suppose we did...I can’t believe that really happened myself....I’m still in a daze...I mean...Katie and I just...I mean...She just made me feel like a queen last night....”

”Do tell your majesty...how was her body...? The girls giggled and swapped stories on making out and how Niki peed in Torrie’s bed, the girls just couldn’t believe what happened... and really couldn’t wait to find more girls in school that might be like minded...

Kay and Torrie speculated that there were a lot more girls in school that shared the same type of fetish that they did, that just kept it repressed as peeing your pants really isn’t socially acceptable, however... it’s done a lot more than anyone can imagine....

Kay and Torrie made another pass through the house, making sure there was no evidence of any party or anything...Taking out the garbage and doing another deep clean on everything, including the laundry. Torrie’s mom called and the girls spoke with her on speaker together... She asked what they did the previous night to which the girls innocently replied...”oh, nothing much, we just hung out and played some video games, watched a movie, and hit the sack early, we have to be ready to baby sit later....”

“Sounds pretty boring” Torrie’s mom teased the girls... and told the girls all about the convention and how she had a large reception with her colleagues to go to later this evening...

The girls decided to take a long nap after checking in with Kay’s parent’s, assuring them they would be over around 4pm so that they could get ready to head to their dinner party. The girls hung out with Kay’s little brother’s took care of them, fed them dinner, and made sure they go to to bed on time and so on and so on for the night...

School came the next week and the girls from the party met up in the cafeteria on that Monday after and all whispered about how much fun that they had over the weekend... Even shy Alyssa seemed to have a new found confidence about her, more outgoing and talkative...Have they finally broken her out of her shell...The girls believed they have as she was one of the first to say that she couldn’t wait to hang out again soon and asked Lizzie if next time she might bring her some extra beer...

Lizzie certainly obliged and said Lyss, if it makes you as social as you were the other night, you are going to get your own six pack...

As the girls spoke and hung out, a few of the cheerleaders came over and approached the table and sat down. There was Brianna, Julianna, and Cassie. There were no shortage of incredibly beautiful girls in school and most of the boys in school were a bit geeky and self absorbed and the girls were not all that much into them at all...in fact, most of the boys were almost immature and obnoxious to the point that the girls steered clear of most of them and there were probably a ratio of 4 girls for every boy in the school for whatever reason...

Brianna was a wild child of a girl, super crazy, up for whatever anyone wanted to do, didn’t care what it was, she would do it and it was easy to convince her. She was the type of girl that if you asked her to show her boobs to the whole school, she wouldn’t think twice about it and do it. She had a super pretty face, she was not skinny, not overweight, but curvy and well developed in all the right places and she always wore everything as skin tight as she could get it, never leaving much to the imagination. She had shoulder length light brown hair with lots of blonde highlights, a very popular thing amongst the school...blondes had more fun of course...

Except if you were Julianna was this exotic looking girl, with olive complexion, long jet black hair that shined in the light, a perfect body and the most angelic looking face. Always wearing the shortest little mini skirts, this was her signature... It was never a chore to sneak a quick peak of her panties as her skirts were always so short, it was almost impossible for her to hide panties in them. She always wore a complimentary tight shirt to show off her perfectly shaped breasts.. Her legs always seemed so incredibly smoooooooth and silky as they ran up from the ground and just vanished into the short little skirts....

Cassie or Cassandra, a gorgeous little black girl with a nice little bubble butt and large breasts, a perky little attitude, long black straight hair that she often kept braided in a braid that ran almost down to that perfect bubble butt. She Often wore all kinds of fun outfits from short skirts, to tight leggings, to tight jeans and she looked incredible in a bikini during beach season. Another exotic looking beauty...

The 3 girls sat down at the table with sleepover crew, all of them were close friends with Katie, so there was no doubt in everyone’s mind that they were here for a reason...they wanted to get in on some fun...

“So ladies...Katie tells me you had a bit of a...party this weekend...” The beauty Julianna exclaimed quietly... Julianna was definitely going to be the captain of the cheerleading squad some day, almost a natural born leader that commanded presence amongst the other girls...

Torrie spoke up... “Ummm, yeah, we had a...get together...”

”From what I understand it was a lot of fun...Lizzie, I hear you can get alcohol, is that true?”

”Yeah, my sister is 22 and I can get whatever I want whenever, you need me to get you Some stuff?”

“Yea, however, we also want you guys to come with the alcohol...”

“My parents are going out of town in a couple weeks...and I figured we could have what you call...”a get together”? “ “Cass and Bri and myself are interested in partying...I have a hot tub and indoor pool and lots of things to do at the house...” My Older sister is supposed to be responsible for me that weekend, but she’s already told me she’s heading out to hang out with her friends that night and she doesn’t care what I do that night.

Jules parents were loaded and she lived in a mansion right on the water with tons of different amenities and All the girls spoke for a while and planned to get together in a couple of weeks when Jules parents would be out of town.

After school that day, Jules, Cass, and Bri all got on messenger and started to chat with each other and discussing plans for the get together and discussing who from their circle of other friends and cheerleaders that they wanted to possibly invite over. As they created a short list of girls they wanted to invite over...Jules was feeling a little frisky and started to pull down her shirt and showing off her cleavage to the other girls on video...

Ohh, are we doing this type of call Cassie exclaimed....She stood up showing her cute bubbly butt in a pair of skin tight yellow leggings and pulled them down just a tiny bit to show off a pair of light yellow cotton panties that matched her leggings, spun around and pulled down the front of her shirt revealing her nice dark breasts...

Bri just sat there quietly rubbing her pussy through her jeans on camera... waiting for the girls to notice what she was doing.... It took Jules and Cass a while to realize what was going on as they were too busy showing each other their boobs... and finally Cassie noticed what Bri was doing and said..”Ohh girllllll, let me join...as she sexily started to rub her pussy through her leggings. Jules sat on her desk chair with her legs spread and her hand rubbing her pussy, what would be anyone’s dream to see if they were sitting in front of her, watching her spread her legs in her skirt, revealing her sexy little black panties under her tight black cotton skirt...

“Cassandra....” Julianna exclaimed...”Are you home alone...”

“Besides my younger sister dear... my parents don’t get home from work for a few hours yet and she’s doing homework, she’s slammed” Cassies sister was equally as beautiful as she was, just one year behind the other girls, but the two girls could almost pass as twins since they were so close in age and they were always hanging out together, although this was the first time in a while they would be in different schools for a year until they both moved up one grade.

“Ok... give us a little show...” Jules said confidently...

”ok, what do you want girls?... You want to see my hot pussy...my nice tits... my perfect ass...you want to watch me rub one out...”

Bri of course up for anything.... I’ll do whatever you guys want me to...

“Well, in that case... I want you both to take off your shirts and show me those luscious breasts...” Jules said

Both girls took off their shirts exposing their beautiful large breasts as Jules rubbed her pussy through her panties feeling the moisture in her crotch from her hornyness.

Bri stood up rubbing her crotch with her breasts exposed and said... “watch this...” Cass and Jules watched as a large wet spot formed on Bri’s tight Jeans and spread up the front of her crotch, glistening and shooting down the inside of her thighs instantly... She started to rub herself as the pee continued to pour through her jeans with shimmering streams running all down her legs...

”Holy shit Bri” Cass exclaimed....as she watched in amazement as Bri’s Jeans became saturated with pee... “you are totally making me want to do that... Cass then relaxed her muscles and the girls could totally hear the piss hissing out of her pants... it shot up her ass and down both legs splashing onto her floor in her room as she jammed her hand into her pussy... Jules sat and furiously masturbated to the site of her two best friends peeing in their pants... she was just going to town and was ready to explode when behind Cassie, her bedroom door flew open and they saw Cassie’s sister Shauna walk in... stop and freeze as she stared at her older sister...

“Cass... what the fuck...”

“Cass was startled and almost had a heart attack...she forgot to lock the door to her bedroom and Shauna stood there shaking her head... I mean... If you’re going to do that, lock the fucking door... I don’t need to see that shit.... Shauna quipped as Cass was super embarrassed to have been caught not only half naked and masturbating, but being soaked in her own pee.... Even though it was no secret that she liked to indulge in peeing....it’s still awkward to be caught by your best friend and sister...

Jules was stunned and was trying not to laugh... “hey girll, come let me get a look at you” Jules exclaimed trying to bail Cassie out a little bit...

Shauna came over into view of the camera and waived to the girls and noticed Bri also wet through her Jeans and half Naked...”Bri, what the fuck, you too, cover that shit up” Bri just got more cheeky and pulled her jeans off on camera exposing her see through soaked white panties... and stuck her boobs further into the computer. Camera... “how’s that better” She teased Shauna...

”You’re a fucking weirdo Bri...what the hell, I still love you though....”

”Shauna...” Jules exclaimed....”step up to the camera, it’s your turn... you walked in on us...you need to contribute to the chat....I want to see those little shorts you are wearing come down and see your panties underneath...

”Ummm, yeah... I’m not doing that in front of my sister”

”well, I’m already naked in front of you...if you are going to be on the cheer team next year, Jules is the boss...”

”Isn’t this considered hazing or something....” Shauna pulled her little tight white shorts down and exposed her hot little ass to the group... then turned around and showed them her cute little package in her white panties... all of the sudden, Cass came behind her and whipped Shauna’s panties down exposing her perfectly shaved pussy... She quickly pulled them up embarrassed by being pantsed on camera...

Ok girls... I’m out of here...I was just coming to get some help on something from Cass, but stepped into something I didn’t want to see...

“Ok, want to see you pee sometime tooooo...we love you....” Jules exclaimed...

”yeah...you won’t see me pee unless you pin me down and force me to...that’s not my thing...”

”challenge excepted....we will see you pee sometime soon...byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeee”

The girls all figured that it was time to end the chat and get cleaned up before their parents got home....
